Name	Genre	Rating	Summary
Kirby Buckets	Comedy	none	The single-camera series that mixes live-action and animation stars Jacob Bertrand as the title character. "Kirby Buckets" introduces viewers to the vivid imagination of charismatic 13-year-old Kirby Buckets, who dreams of becoming a famous animator like his idol, Mac MacCallister. With his two best friends, Fish and Eli, by his side, Kirby navigates his eccentric town of Forest Hills where the trio usually find themselves trying to get out of a predicament before Kirby's sister, Dawn, and her best friend, Belinda, catch them. Along the way, Kirby is joined by his animated characters, each with their own vibrant personality that only he and viewers can see.
Downton Abbey	Drama	8.5	The Downton Abbey estate stands a splendid example of confidence and mettle, its family enduring for generations and its staff a well-oiled machine of propriety. But change is afoot at Downton — change far surpassing the new electric lights and telephone. A crisis of inheritance threatens to displace the resident Crawley family, in spite of the best efforts of the noble and compassionate Earl, Robert Crawley ; his American heiress wife, Cora his comically implacable, opinionated mother, Violet and his beautiful, eldest daughter, Mary, intent on charting her own course. Reluctantly, the family is forced to welcome its heir apparent, the self-made and proudly modern Matthew Crawley himself none too happy about the new arrangements. As Matthew's bristly relationship with Mary begins to crackle with electricity, hope for the future of Downton's dynasty takes shape. But when petty jealousies and ambitions grow among the family and the staff, scheming and secrets — both delicious and dangerous — threaten to derail the scramble to preserve Downton Abbey. Created and written by Oscar-winner Julian Fellowes, Downton Abbey offers a spot-on portrait of a vanishing way of life.
Girl Meets World	Drama	none	"Girl Meets World" is based on ABC's hugely popular 1993-2000 sitcom, this new comedy, set in New York City, will tell the wonderfully funny, heartfelt stories that "Boy Meets World" is renowned for - only this time from a tween girl's perspective - as the curious and bright 7th grader Riley Matthews and her quick-witted friend Maya Fox embark on an unforgettable middle school experience. But their plans for a carefree year will be adjusted slightly under the watchful eyes of Riley's parents - dad Cory, who's also a faculty member (and their new History teacher), and mom Topanga, who owns a trendy afterschool hangout that specializes in pudding.
Key & Peele	Comedy	7.7	Keegan-Michael Key and Jordan Peele are the stars of "Key & Peele", a show that examines life in a distinctively provocative and irreverent way. Whether it's anger-translating the president, spoofing Nazis or ordering up some soul food, Key & Peele showcases the guys' camaraderie and unique point of view, born from their experiences growing up biracial in a not-quite-post-racial world.
Glue	Drama	10.0	Bafta-winning writer Jack Thorne's compelling eight-part drama series about murder and secrets set in the English countryside
Southern Justice	Drama	none	Follow the Sheriff Deputies of Sullivan County, TN and Ashe County, NC as they work to keep the peace in the Blue Ridge Mountains on "Southern Justice". Get an unprecedented look into crime in Appalachia, where guns, drugs and alcohol challenge lawmen 24/7.
Tosh.0	Comedy	4.0	Tosh.0 is a weekly topical series that delves into all aspects of the Internet, featuring razor sharp humor and biting commentary from comedian Daniel Tosh. From the absolutely absurd to the incredibly ingenious, the series features viral clips, sketches, and "Web Redemptions" which give subjects of infamous viral videos a second chance to redeem themselves from the embarrassment with which they've become synonymous. Now in its third hit season, Tosh.0 continues to be cable TV's most trusted source for exhibitionist weirdos, injurious idiots and all things Web.
The Soup	Comedy	8.0	"The Soup" reigns in the week's wildest and most memorable moments in the world of television with hilarious commentary, outrageous clips and surprise celebrity guests.
Last Week Tonight With John Oliver	Comedy	9.2	Presenting a satirical look at the week in news, politics and current events.
Peaky Blinders	Drama	8.8	An epic gangster drama set in the lawless streets of 1920s Birmingham.
The League	Comedy	7.5	The League features an ensemble cast of rising actors/comedians. Stephen Rannazzisi is "Kevin," a happily married father and commissioner of the league. Katie Aselton plays "Jenny," Kevin's wife and his better half - especially when it comes to Fantasy Football. Mark Duplass plays "Pete," the perennial league champ who is struggling to become an adult. Jon Lajoie is "Taco," Kevin's little brother, a part-time musician and full-time stoner with little interest in fantasy other than hanging with his buddies Nick Kroll plays "Ruxin," who believes he is the smartest of the group but can't figure out how exactly the other guys are screwing him over. "Andre," played by Paul Scheer has continued to be the punching bag of the group since their high school days - a fact that hasn't changed despite the fact he is now a successful plastic surgeon.
Franklin & Bash	Comedy	9.5	This buddy lawyer series stars Mark-Paul Gosselaar and Breckin Meyer as two young, fly-by-the-seat-of-their-pants street lawyers who cause a seismic culture clash when they join a legendary, button-down law firm.
Awkward	Drama	6.0	This series takes an irreverent look at the conflict, chaos and humor that defines teenage life through the eyes of 15-year-old Jenna Hamilton, whose life begins to change when a simple accident becomes an epic misunderstanding and is blown way out of proportion.Narrated in the first-person voice of Jenna's blog posts, "Awkward." captures the humor within the struggles and experiences everyone can relate to from their formative years. The series picks up in the aftermath of the accident as she must deal with a new not-so-fun stigma, while at the same time managing the other daily drama that comes with being a teenager. From a secret relationship with a popular guy, to being undermined by a mean girl, and parents who just don't get it - Jenna's misfortune will eventually serve as the catalyst for amazing change, but it's not without some missteps and mishaps along the way.
Mr. Selfridge	Drama	7.0	Mr Selfridge tells the story of 'Mile a Minute Harry', a man with a mission to make shopping as thrilling as sex.
Signed, Sealed, Delivered	Drama	9.0	"Signed, Sealed, Delivered" is about a group of postal workers that transform themselves into an untraditional team of detectives to track down intended recipients of undeliverable mail. Their missions take them out of the office into an unpredictable world where redirected letters and packages can save lives, solve crimes, reunite old loves and change futures by arriving late but somehow on time.
Happy Valley	Drama	7.5	When a kidnap spirals out of control, Yorkshire police sergeant Catherine Cawood comes face to face with the man who destroyed her family.
American idol	Family	2.0	Jennifer Lopez, Keith Urban and Harry Connick, Jr. will return as judges and Ryan Seacrest will host AMERICAN IDOL for its 14th season.
Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	Adventure	9.2	Adventure Time's unlikely heroes Finn and Jake are buddies who traverse the mystical Land of Ooo and encounter its colorful inhabitants.
Top Chef	Cooking	none	Bravo Media's Emmy and James Beard Award-winning series Top Chef will premiere its 12th season in Boston on Wednesday, October 15th at 10 pm ET/PT. Returning to the judges table for the new season in New England are head judge Tom Colicchio and host Padma Lakshmi, judges Gail Simmons, Hugh Acheson. For the first time ever, a Top Chef winner is joining the judging panel.Richard Blais will make his debut as a recurring judge offering the cheftestants guidance from a chef and a former competitor's point of view.
Undateable	Comedy	5.3	"Undateable" is a new comedy series about a group of friends who are this close to finding a relationship - they just need a little help. Whether it's due to a lack of style, the wrong job or even just a bad haircut, everyone goes through a time in their lives when they're undateable. Most of us eventually grow out of it, but some people need a little more help than others. Enter Danny Burton Confident, attractive and impervious to outside opinions, 29-year-old Danny - who may be in a state of arrested development himself - decides to help out his new roommate, Justin Kearney the owner of an unsuccessful bar and a chronic overthinker, and Justin's group of oddball friends - Shelly, Burski and Brett Danny introduces the gang to his recently divorced older sister, Leslie who immediately bonds with this group of guys, as she feels a little stuck in her own life as well. The gang spends most of their time at Justin's bar, helping solve each other's respective problems over beers, and while they love to give each other a hard time, they always have each other's back.
Chasing Life	Drama	7.7	April is a smart, charismatic and quick witted twenty-something aspiring journalist. When not pursuing the latest scoop, April tries to balance her ambitious career with her family, which includes her widowed mom Sara rebellious little sister Brenna and her grandmother We meet April at a pivotal moment in her life: she's landed a fantastic opportunity to impress her hard-nosed Boston newspaper editor and an office romance with her super-sexy co-worker Dominic is just beginning to blossom. In an unexpected twist of fate, April lands in the hospital where her estranged uncle, George works as an oncologist, and she learns the devastating news that she has cancer. The series follows April through her journey in the face of this daunting revelation, during a time in her life when the challenges of finding love and success would be enough to keep any girl occupied. But April is determined to fight and refuses to give up her dreams and goals. Along the way, she'll find new reserves of strength and passion within and discover that facing death may really be the only way to truly live.
Power	Drama	7.8	The eight-episode first season of this visionary crime drama is set in two different worlds, the glamorous New York club scene and the brutal drug trade, and follows James "Ghost" St. Patrick as he attempts to leave his illegitimate lifestyle behind.
Murder In The First	Drama	8.3	Over the summer, Murder in the First took viewers deep inside a complex homicide investigation that spanned the entire season. The series followed San Francisco homicide detectives Terry English and Hildy Mulligan as they investigated two seemingly unrelated murders. The mystery deepened, however, when they found that both murders had a common denominator in a Silicon Valley wunderkind.
Hart of Dixie	Drama	8.5	Rachel Bilson leads a stellar ensemble cast in this fish-out-of-water comedic drama about small-town living, big city attitudes and complicated love triangles. After three years, Dr. Zoe Hart is starting to feel at home in BlueBell, Alabama, and still continues to shake up life in this small town. Though they are no longer a couple, Zoe still finds herself drawn to bad boy Wade Kinsella, and she and Wade continue to be friends with George Tucker, who is still trying to figure his love life. Lemon Breeland continues to pursue her dream of being a business owner, while always on the lookout for her true love. Zoe's best friend and landlord, Mayor Lavon Hayes, is determined to keep BlueBell the quaint town everyone has come to love, while AnnaBeth has come into her own by co-running the local women's social club, the Belles. After her difficult return to their shared medical practice, Zoe's personal and professional relationship with Dr. Brick Breeland seems to have gotten to a better place. Zoe's love life is still a mess, and she's not sure what the future holds in store for her, but we know it will be juicy and full of fun.
Deadbeat	Comedy	3.0	Deadbeat is an all new original comedy series. Kevin Pacalioglu may have no money and no clue, but he can see dead people, so that's pretty cool. Faced with a constant stream of stubborn spirits, Pac goes to whatever lengths require the least amount of effort to help New York City's most frivolous ghosts finish their unfinished business.
Black Mirror	Science-Fiction	8.6	Charlie Brooker, the writer of E4's Dead Set, returns with a suspenseful, satirical three-part mini-series that taps into collective unease about our modern world.
Broadchurch	Drama	8.8	David Tennant, Olivia Colman, Andrew Buchan and Jodie Whittaker, star in Broadchurch – a brand new powerful, thought provoking drama series by Kudos Film and Television for ITV. The sadness of losing a child consumes the family, Beth and Mark Latimer their daughter 15-year-old Chloe and Beth's mum Liz as they attempt to cope with their grief, everyday normal life and the abruptness of the unwarranted attention heaped upon them. Devastated by their loss, it's the most stressful and emotional time in their lives as they struggle to relate to their friends, neighbours, the church, the press, and the police.
Bluestone 42	Comedy	9.0	Comedy drama series following the lives of a bomb disposal detachment serving in Afghanistan.
Matador (US)	Drama	8.0	Shot in Los Angeles, the irreverent, adrenaline-filled series chronicles the unlikely rise of Tony "Matador" Bravo a professional soccer player for the LA Riot who comes to be known as much for his antics off the field as his moves on it. But what his fans and family don't realize is that it's all a cover - in truth, he is a skilled covert operative executing missions for the CIA. Agent Bravo, nicknamed "Matador" after he takes out a top player known as "The Bull" during tryouts for the team, finds himself suddenly thrust into a clandestine world. But, in balancing his dueling roles, he will be forced to confront the question of his true identity... and it is this mission that may prove to be his most dangerous.
Rogue	Action	7.7	Grace has left her life as an undercover cop to be a better mother to her daughter. She's recently separated from Tom and with the arrival of her estranged mother, she's got plenty of drama at home. Grace's new job as a handler for an FBI task force has her investigating corporate espionage in San Francisco. But when her undercover operative, Sarah, goes missing, Grace is forced to go back undercover to save her. That's when she meets Ethan the owner of the security consultancy Sarah investigated before disappearing. Grace looks to gain Ethan's trust to learn what happened to Sarah, but Ethan has his own agenda. His close friend and business partner was murdered the night Sarah vanished. He's determined to find who's responsible—creating a dangerous game of cat and mouse. As Grace gets closer to Ethan, her feelings grow. But can she trust him?
Married	Drama	none	"Married" is about being miserably in love. It stars Nat Faxon and Judy Greer as Russ and Lina Bowman, who can barely remember what it was like before kids, debt, and suburbia rained on their romance. But every once in a while, in between arguments about their declining sex life and who's driving carpool, they are reminded what drew them together in the first place — they're best friends. The show co-stars Brett Gelman and Jenny Slate.
You're the Worst	Comedy	7.5	"You're The Worst" puts a darker spin on rom-coms. Chris Geere and Ava Cash go home together after a wedding and, despite their better judgment, begin to fall for each other.
Plebs	Comedy	7.0	Sitcom about three desperate young men from the suburbs who try to get laid, hold down jobs and climb the social ladder in the big city - which just happens to be ancient Rome.
Vice	Drama	9.0	VICE explores today's most pressing issues, from civil unrest and hotbeds of terrorism, to unchecked government corruption and looming environmental catastrophes.
Archer	Comedy	8.2	Archer is an animated, half-hour comedy set at the International Secret Intelligence Service, a spy agency where espionage and global crises are merely opportunities for its highly trained employees to confuse, undermine, betray and royally screw each other.
Vicious	Comedy	none	Comedy about partners, Freddie and Stuart, who have lived together in Covent Garden for 50 years. Starring Sir Ian McKellen, Sir Derek Jacobi and Frances de la Tour as their best friend Violet.
Community	Comedy	8.5	"Community" is a smart, exuberant comedy that is consistently ranked as one of the most inventive and original half-hours on television. This ensemble comedy centers around a tight-knit group of friends who all met at what is possibly the world's worst educational institution - Greendale Community College.
Cougar Town	Comedy	7.7	Courteney Cox stars as Jules Cobb, a mom in her forties facing the often humorous challenges, pitfalls and rewards of life's next chapter. Along for the journey is her son, her ex-husband, her husband/neighbor and her friends who together make up her dysfunctional, but supportive and caring extended family... even if they have a funny way of showing it sometimes.
Arrested Development	Comedy	9.2	After being passed over as partner at The Bluth Co., widower Michael resolves to quit the family business and move away to spend more quality time with his 13-year-old son, George Michael. But when his father George Bluth Sr. is arrested for shifty accounting practices and the family assets are frozen, Michael is forced to stay in Orange County to help his wildly eccentric family pick up the pieces.
Hit the Floor	Drama	none	Set in the world of professional basketball, "Hit The Floor's" season one finale shook up Devils Nation with a new All-Star, a new Devil Girls Director and several new hook-ups. In the second season, the series picks up right where the juicy drama between the Devil Girls dance team and the coaches and players left off.Now that Ahsha is single, there's room for her and Derek to explore a relationship. Sloane has taken the job as Devil Girl Director, adding tension to an already strained mother-daughter relationship. Jelena, team captain, keeps a close eye on Ahsha and Sloane, watching for any opportunity to get rid of them both.There are love triangles galore as new characters join this spicy soap including Lionel, Coach Davenport's estranged, starlet wife; Zero, a God-loving superstar player who is immediately drawn to bad girl Jelena; and Jude, an ambitious junior agent who's come to Devils Arena with a very big agenda.Everyone has a secret to protect, until a big mystery threatens to expose them all. Hit The Floor season two gets amped up with cliff-hangers in each episode leaving viewers constantly guessing what will happen next. This hot new season brings more sex, drama, secrets and excitement as well as twelve new jaw-dropping dance routines choreographed by the legendary Michael Rooney.
White Collar	Drama	8.4	The series focuses on the unlikely partnership between the very intelligent and charming con-artist Neal Caffrey and the hard-working and earnest FBI agent Peter Burke. In exchange for his freedom, and on the condition that he wear an ankle bracelet at all times, Caffrey provides his expertise in thievery to help Burke and agents Clinton Jones and Diana Berrigan catch other elusive white collar criminals.
MasterChef	Cooking	3.0	Host and award-winning chef Gordon Ramsay, restaurateur Joe Bastianich and acclaimed chef Graham Elliot return for Season Five of the culinary smash hit MASTERCHEF. The three celebrated food experts will put the latest group of contestants through a series of challenging elimination rounds and turn one home cook into a culinary master.
Being Mary Jane	Drama	none	Mary Jane Paul is a one-woman show: a successful TV news anchor, entirely self-sufficient – an all-around powerhouse who remains devoted to a family that doesn't share her motivation.  As Mary Jane juggles her life, her work and her commitment to her family, we find out how far she's willing to go to find the puzzle pieces that she, and society, insist are missing from her life as a single Black female.
Inside Amy Schumer	Comedy	9.0	Inside Amy Schumer is the new series featuring Schumer's provocative and hilariously wicked mind, as she explores topics revolving around sex, relationships, and the general clusterf*ck that is life through a series of scripted vignettes, stand-up comedy, and man-on-the-street interviews.
Midsomer Murders	Drama	9.0	Based originally on the books by Caroline Graham, each self-contained episode of two hours is a classic whodunit revolving around Detective Chief Inspector John Barnaby and his side-kick DS Ben Jones and their efforts to solve the numerous murders which take place in the picturesque countryside of Midsomer County.
Alpha House	Drama	none	Delivering hilarious insider insights from the master of political satire, the new season of Alpha House finds the Senators maneuvering the hallways of Capitol Hill with a looming midterm election and an unclear political future. Republican Senators Biggs (Goodman), Bettencourt (Johnson) and Laffer (Malloy), having survived bruising primaries, are facing strong Democratic challengers and will use every trick in the book to woo voters on the road to re-election. Meanwhile, Senator Guzman (Consuelos) prepares for a 2016 bid for the presidency, a pursuit that will bring him into possible competition with one of his roommates.
Drunk History	Comedy	7.0	Based on the popular web series, Drunk History is the liquored-up narration of our nation's history. Host Derek Waters, along with an ever-changing cast of actors and comedians, travels across the country to present the rich tales that every city in this land has to offer. Booze helps bring out the truth. It's just that sometimes the truth is a little incoherent.
Sherlock	Drama	9.3	Sherlock Holmes and Dr John Watson's adventures in 21st Century London. A thrilling, funny, fast-paced contemporary reimagining of the Arthur Conan Doyle classic. Made by Hartswood Films.
Marvel's Agent Carter	Action	8.3	Marvel's Agent Carter starring Captain America's Hayley Atwell follows the story of Peggy Carter. It's 1946, and peace has dealt Peggy Carter a serious blow as she finds herself marginalized when the men return home from fighting abroad. Working for the covert SSR (Strategic Scientific Reserve), Peggy must balance doing administrative work and going on secret missions for Howard Stark all while trying to navigate life as a single woman in America, in the wake of losing the love of her life—Steve Rogers. Inspired by the feature films Captain America: The First Avenger and Captain America: The Winter Soldier, along with the short Marvel One-Shot: Agent Carter.
Secrets & Lies	Drama	8.4	Ben Garner is about to go from Good Samaritan to murder suspect, after he discovers the body of his neighbor's young son in the woods. As Detective Andrea Cornell digs for the truth, the secrets and lies of this town come to the surface and no one is above suspicion.
American Crime	Drama	7.0	All over the news are reports about a young couple in Modesto, California, who were attacked in their home. The case sends shock waves into the community stirring up tensions across racial lines in this gritty drama.
The Librarians	Comedy	7.1	Four ordinary people from around the world are selected to work for the LIbrary, an ancient order dedicated to solving supernatural mysteries and protecting the innocent from the secret magical world all around us.
Aquarius	Drama	7.2	It's 1967 and the era of free love, drug experimentation and Vietnam is in full effect. When the teenage daughter of a respected lawyer goes missing, LA Police Sergeant Sam Hodiak starts asking around. He soon discovers that the hippie kids he's questioning don't take kindly to cops, especially one with hair as short as his. Needing the help of someone they trust, he partners with rebellious undercover cop Brian Shafe, a man who's more comfortable rolling a joint than patrolling a beat. It's not long before they stumble upon a small-time cult leader seeking out vulnerable women to join his cause. From there, they follow this man's trail down a rabbit hole of drugs, sex, murder and cultural revolution.
Louie	Comedy	9.0	Louie is a comedy filtered through the observational humor of Louis C.K. Each episode puts a spotlight on Louis' hectic life as a successful stand-up comedian and newly single father raising his two daughters. The single-camera comedy is a mix of Louis C.K.'s stand-up comedy and scripted short films.
Atlantis	Adventure	7.8	A fantasy drama set in a world of legendary heroes and mythical creatures. Far from home, Jason washes up on the shores of the ancient and mysterious city of Atlantis.
Rizzoli & Isles	Drama	8.4	RIZZOLI & ISLES follows Boston detective Jane Rizzoli and medical examiner Maura Isles, complete opposites and good friends who solve crimes and bust some of Boston's most notorious criminals. Growing up at opposite ends of the economic spectrum, the two remain strikingly different from one another in many ways. Jane, the only female detective in Boston's homicide division, is a tough and gutsy cop who doesn't let her guard down (except with Maura), dodges her overprotective mother and is better at basketball than her brother. Maura, meanwhile, is usually more comfortable among the dead than the living. She is always impeccably dressed in designer duds with a steady, sometimes icy temperament. And she is working on curbing her tendency to diagnose the people she meets – including her first dates. Jane and Maura often find themselves working together as both use their brilliant minds and expertise to figure out the "who done it" as well as the "how done it" of Boston's most complex cases. Despite their many differences, Jane and Maura are best friends, with a quirky and supportive relationship. As Tamaro explains, "That Jane and Maura are so different and yet so effective as a team makes them unusual.… There's something rare about their relationship that I see in the world but not enough on television: two smart, strong, competent women who instinctively drop the protective shield when they're with each other."
Covert Affairs	Action	8.0	New jobs are tough—especially when your new employer is the CIA. Annie Walker is fluent in six languages, has traveled the world and is besting her fellow CIA trainees in every test. But that doesn't explain why she's suddenly summoned by CIA headquarters to report for active duty as a field operative one month before her training is over. She doesn't know there may be something—or someone—from her past that her CIA bosses are really after. Annie's unofficial guide to the CIA is Auggie Anderson, a tech ops expert who was blinded while on assignment. As Annie navigates this new world of intrigue, danger and bureaucratic red tape, Auggie is there to make sure this quick study won't be kept in the dark for long. Also starring Peter Gallagher, Kari Matchett, Sendhil Ramamurthy and Anne Dudek.
Hot in Cleveland	Comedy	10.0	Hot in Cleveland revolves around three fabulous L.A. women of a certain age who are best friends. Their lives are changed forever when their plane -- headed to Paris for a girls-only celebration -- unexpectedly lands in Cleveland and they soon rediscover themselves in a new 'promised land'. Loving their new home, the women find themselves living under one roof and battling the sassy caretaker of the property they have rented.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Comedy	8.2	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is an American comedy series created by Rob McElhenney and developed by McElhenney and Glenn Howerton. It premiered on FX on August 4, 2005. The show is about four friends in their late 20s with clear sociopathic tendencies who run an unsuccessful Irish bar, "Paddy's Pub," in South Philadelphia. The series deals with a variety of controversial topics, including abortion, gun control, physical disabilities, racism, sexism, religion, the Israeli/Palestinian situation, terrorism, transsexuality, slavery, incest, sexual harassment in education, the homeless, statutory rape, drug addiction, pedophilia, child abuse, mental illness, gay rights and dumpster babies.
Melissa & Joey	Comedy	9.0	Melissa Joan Hart portrays Mel, the grown-up former wild child of a political family who is now a local politician herself. When her sister ends up in prison and brother-in-law flees after a scandal hits, Mel must take responsibility for her teenaged niece Lennox and adolescent nephew Ryder. Spread too thin to manage by herself, help comes in the unlikely form of Joe who, desperate for a job, moves in and becomes the family's "manny."
Last Comic Standing	Comedy	none	Who will get the last laugh on "Last Comic Standing"? With hilarious celebrity judges , all-star one-on-one mentors and hand-picked stand-up comics, the ultimate comedy showdown is back and better than ever.
Baby Daddy	Comedy	9.5	This half-hour series is about a young man who becomes a surprise dad to a baby girl when she's left on his doorstep by an ex-girlfriend. He decides to raise the baby with the help of his mother, his brother Danny, his best buddy Tucker and his close female friend, Riley, who is harboring a secret crush on him.
The Exes	Comedy	9.0	"The Exes" revolves around three divorced men, ladies man Phil (Donald Faison), homebody Haskell (Wayne Knight) and newly-single and needy Stuart (David Alan Basche). The men live together in an apartment across the hall from their divorce attorney, Holly (Kristen Johnston), who also happens to be their landlord. Holly avoids her own relationship and commitment issues by becoming immersed in the men's affairs as they put their lives back together and return to the dating scene.
Mike and Molly	Comedy	8.0	Police officer Mike Biggs knows his way around the Streets. As a cop, Mike's not scared of anything—except dating, so he's joined Overeaters Anonymous to lose those extra pounds and gain some Much-needed confidence. When he meets Molly at a meeting, the attraction is immediate, and suddenly Mike is excited about the prospect of a new life. But now he must find the willpower to give up his beloved junk food for the apple of his eye.
Man Down	Comedy	none	Comedy series written by and starring Greg Davies as Dan, a childish idiot whose world is on the brink of collapse.
Perception	Drama	7.9	This fascinating series features one of the most unique crime solvers on television, an eccentric neuroscience professor who is recruited by the FBI to help solve complex cases. Emmy® and Screen Actors Guild Award® winner Eric McCormack stars as Dr. Daniel Pierce, who possesses an intimate knowledge of human behavior and a masterful understanding of the way the mind works. Although Pierce's mind may be brilliant, it's also damaged as he suffers from paranoid schizophrenia.
Spartacus: Gods of the Arena	Action	8.7	The mini-series features the bloody history of the House of Batiatus and the city of Capua before the arrival of Spartacus. Quintus Lentulus Batiatus becomes a lanista (manager) when he takes over his father's ludus of gladiators. He has ambitions of stepping out of his father's shadow by seeking recognition for his own name and achieving further greatness for his house. By his side stands his beautiful wife Lucretia who will help her husband achieve his ambitions, whatever the cost. Batiatus puts all his fortunes on the man who will gain him fame and glory. That would be his best gladiator, the Celt, Gannicus, a skilled warrior who wields dual swords with deadly purpose. Those who oppose Batiatus and his future champion(s) of Capua do so at their own peril.Purchased as an undisciplined and disheveled recruit in the first episode, Crixus the Gaul endures mockery and threats of death to become the champion after Gannicus. As Batiatus fends off repeated attempts by his professional rival Tullius to obtain Gannicus, his relationships with his father Titus and friend Solonius begin to suffer the strain of his relentless ambition. Former champion, Oenomaus, reluctantly becomes Doctore, while Syrian recruits Ashur and Dagan try to prove themselves worthy of being gladiators. Veteran gladiators Barca and Gannicus note the rising star of Crixus, as the machinations of Batiatus and Lucretia end in tragedy for several members of the household. Against all of this, the city's splendid new arena nears completion and with it the opening games that will make slaves into gods. When the arena opens, Batiatus' gladiators prevail in the contest. Gannicus again proves himself to be the champion of Capua and a god of the arena. By virtue of his win against Solonius' gladiators, he gains his freedom and Crixus becomes the new champion.
Saturday Night Live	Comedy	4.0	"Saturday Night Live," NBC's Emmy Award-winning late-night comedy showcase, enters its 40th season in September for another year of laughs, surprises and great performances.Since its inception in 1975, "SNL" has launched the careers of many of the brightest comedy performers of their generation. As The New York Times noted on the occasion of the show's Emmy-winning 25th Anniversary special in 1999, "in defiance of both time and show business convention, 'SNL' is still the most pervasive influence on the art of comedy in contemporary culture." At the close of the century, "Saturday Night Live" placed seventh on Entertainment Weekly's list of the Top 100 Entertainers of the past fifty years.
Switched at Birth	Drama	8.0	Switched at Birth, a one-hour scripted drama, tells the story of two teenage girls who discover they were accidentally switched as newborns in the hospital. Bay Kennish grew up in a wealthy family with two parents and a brother, while Daphne Vasquez, who lost her hearing at an early age due to a case of meningitis, grew up with a single mother in a poor neighborhood. Things come to a dramatic head when both families meet and struggle to learn how to live together for the sake of the girls.
Sirens	Comedy	9.0	From the distinct comedic point of view of Denis Leary and Bob Fisher, SIRENS follows three of Chicago's best EMTs whose sometimes silly, self-righteous and even self-destructive personalities make them unqualified for sustaining relationships, friendships and most occupations. They are, however, uniquely qualified for saving anyone who winds up in their ambulance. Johnny (Michael Mosley) is a good-looking, sports-loving, Chicago EMT working with his best friend Hank (Kevin Daniels). Brian (Kevin Bigley) is a wide-eyed and excitable new EMT who still lives with his parents. Jessica McNamee will play the female lead, Theresa, a smart female cop with the Chicago PD who still loves her ex Johnny, but ultimately had to move on when he wouldn't commit.
Six Feet Under	Drama	8.6	When death is your business, what is your life? For the Fisher family, the world outside of their family-owned funeral home continues to be at least as challenging as--and far less predictable than--the one inside.
Red Dwarf	Comedy	8.5	Lost in space and light years away from earth is the Jupiter Mining Ship Red Dwarf. In the late 22nd century, an on-board radiation leak kills all of the crew except for low-ranking technician Dave Lister, who is in suspended animation at the time, and his pregnant cat, Frankenstein, who is safely sealed in the cargo hold.
The Red Road	Drama	9.0	Lines will be crossed when tragedy forces two men, an ex-con & a local cop, to face devastating secrets.
Inside No. 9	Comedy	9.3	A season of comedies by Steve Pemberton and Reece Shearsmith, each one oozing with dark humour and unexpected twists.
Broad City	Comedy	7.5	Two friends navigate through their 20s in New York City in pursuit of themselves.
The Musketeers	Adventure	8.3	A thrilling world of action, adventure and romance inspired by Dumas' legendary characters.
Citizen Khan	Comedy	none	Sitcom set in Birmingham, following the trials and tribulations of larger-than-life self-appointed Muslim community leader Mr Khan and his long suffering family.
Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Action	8.0	Aqua Teen Hunger Force follows the adventures of the aptly named Aqua Teen Hunger Force, a group of mystery-solving fast food items. The team consists of Master Shake, or Shake, a rather sadistic, lazy, ordering milkshake who loves to torture Meatwad. Frylock, the floating box of fries, is the brains the group, and contains the one thing that the rest of the group lacks: common sense. Meatwad is a loving, caring, gentle ball of meat that crawls wherever he goes, who is frequently tortured by Shake.
Major Crimes	Drama	8.6	The elite team of Major Crimes is back, headed by two-time Oscar® nominee Mary McDonnell as Los Angeles Police Captain Sharon Raydor, GW Bailey as Lieutenant Provenza, Tony Denison as Lieutenant Andy Flynn, Michael Paul Chan as Lieutenant Mike Tao, Raymond Cruz as Detective Julio Sanchez, Kearran Giovanni as Detective Amy Sykes, Phillip P. Keene as tech expert Buzz Watson and Jonathan Del Arco as Dr. Morales. Graham Patrick Martin returns as Rusty Beck, a homeless teen and material witness taken in by Captain Raydor, and Robert Gossett guest-stars as Assistant Chief Russell Taylor.
Mad Men	Drama	8.6	The series revolves around the conflicted world of Don Draper , the biggest ad man in the business, and his colleagues at the Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce Advertising Agency. As Don makes the plays in the boardroom and the bedroom, he struggles to stay a step ahead of the rapidly changing times and the young executives nipping at his heels. The series also depicts authentically the roles of men and women in this era while exploring the true human nature beneath the guise of 1960s traditional family values.
Rookie Blue	Drama	8.4	The stakes are high for five young cops fresh out of the Academy and ready for their first day with one of the most elite units in the city. Under the watchful guidance of their officers, Andy McNally and her four fellow rookies quickly learn that no amount of training could prepare them for this new world where every day is a first. Each case they tackle and choice they make will impact their lives, but it's their personal relationships that may play an even greater role in defining the cops they become.
Hunted	Action	7.3	Sam is a spy, a hunter who now finds herself hunted by a ruthless hidden enemy. Trapped in an intricate web of suspense and paranoia, she must discover who wants her dead by confronting her past.
Video Game High School	Comedy	9.0	VGHS is an action/comedy web series about best friends, first loves, and landing that perfect head shot. A classic high school dramedy, mixed with kick ass action and more than a little love of video games.
Longmire	Drama	8.3	A&E's new original scripted series, "Longmire" is based on the Walt Longmire Mystery novels by best-selling author Craig Johnson. The series follows its central character, Walt Longmire the charismatic, dedicated and unflappable sheriff of Absaroka County, Wyoming. Widowed only a year, Longmire is man in psychic repair that buries his pain behind a brave face and dry... wit but is steadfast in his dedication to both his job and community.
Gravity Falls	Comedy	9.0	Twin brother and sister Dipper and Mabel Pines are in for an unexpected adventure when they spend the summer with their great Uncle in the mysterious town of Gravity Falls, Oregon.
Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	Comedy	7.3	After a naive Midwestern girl's big city dreams are dashed during her first week in New York, she finds herself living with her worst nightmare, in a hilarious, contemporary comedy about a female odd couple who are surrounded by an outrageous cast of characters.
Duck Dynasty	Comedy	none	A&E Network introduces the Robertsons, a Louisiana bayou family living the American dream as they operate a thriving business while staying true to their family values and lifestyle. Ask anyone in Louisiana and they'll tell you that the bayou state's favorite first family doesn't live in the governor's mansion but in the backwoods, where the Robertsons' rags-to-riches story is still unfolding. A ...homegrown mom-and-pop operation, Duck Commander has become a sporting empire by fabricating top-of-the-line duck calls and decoys out of salvaged swamp wood. This newly minted multimillionaire family is kept in line by business-savvy Willie, who runs Duck Commander with the help of his brother Jase, their respective wives Korie and Missy, patriarch and founder of the company, Phil, and uncle Si. Together they run a booming business that employs half their neighborhood, but at the end of the day, you can find the whole family around matriarch Miss Kay's dinner table. Each episode brings a new set of challenges, met with a special brand of Southern know-how and a down-home sense of humor.
The Client List	Drama	none	After last season's cliffhanger finale, season two of "The Client List" promises to be no easier for Riley Parks at home or at work. The Texas single mother of two who, after being deserted by her husband and left in financial straits, took a job at a seemingly traditional day spa only to learn that sexual favors are being offered there on the side. After her estranged husband Kyle returns, for better or for worse, Riley must walk the fine line between her anger and love for him and the romantic feelings she has for her brother-in-law Evan Riley also takes a larger role at the spa, resulting in added power, responsibility and burden, further complicating her life. New threats abound this season and trust becomes an overwhelming issue for Riley as everyone, even those she believes she can count on the most, seems to be hiding their own secret.
Copper	Drama	8.3	An American saga set in 1865 New York City, picks-up on the brink of Lincoln's assassination - with shifts in politics and society altering the landscape for Irish immigrants and African-Americans. At the center, Detective Kevin Corcoran struggles to tame the wartime metropolis while wrestling with personal demons, including the betrayal of his wife and best friend. And when Tammany Hall's outspoken General Brendan Donovan returns from the Civil War to restore law and order in the Sixth Ward, loyalties will be bought and sold both Uptown and in the slums of the Five Points as Corcoran, and those around him, fight to find their places in an unforgiving city.
A Young Doctor's Notebook and Other Stories	Drama	10.0	Playhouse Presents. Daniel Radcliffe and Jon Hamm star in a comedy drama based on Mikhail Bulgakov's experiences as an inexperienced doctor in a remote Russian village.
Touch	Drama	8.6	MARTIN BOHM is a widower and single father who is haunted by an inability to connect to his emotionally challenged 11-year-old son JAKE. But when Martin discovers that Jake can predict events before they happen, everything changes. Martin meets social worker CLEA HOPKINS and Professor Arthur Teller who may have the keys to help unlock Jake's mind
Derek	Drama	7.5	An Award-winning bittersweet comedy-drama about a group of outsiders living on society's margins, "Derek" centers around Derek Noakes (a tender, innocent man whose love for his job at a retirement home shines through. Derek cares deeply for the home's residents, because they are kind and funny and tell him stories of what life used to be like. Working alongside Derek is Dougie his landlord who is one of life's unlucky individuals; Kev a loveable train wreck; and Hannah a care worker in the home and Derek's best friend. She is smart, witty and hardworking, but unlucky in love, and, like Derek, always puts other people first.
Mortal Kombat: Legacy	Action	8.5	In the beginning, the universe and its realms were in harmony, but even gods are not immune to power and greed. This balance was soon thrown into discord. The power-hungry gods challenged each other over the fates of their respective realms. They battled to the death in tournaments alongside mortal champions chosen from each realm. For millennia, Shao Kahn—the Emperor of Outworld—has successfully expanded his domain by defeating other realms. Edenia was the last realm to lose the tournament and fall to Shao Kahn. Ten years ago in the last tournament, Outworld and Earth-realm's warriors clashed, and Liu Kang emerged victorious. Earth-realm was spared. But now Shao Kahn's challenge has come again, and a new war is about to commence. The fate of Earth-realm and its inhabitants rests upon the outcome of this tournament. Let the kombat begin.
The Cape	Action	7.8	Fueled by a desire to reunite with his wife Dana and son Trip law into his own hands and to battle criminal forces that have overtaken Palm City. Faraday is joined by Max Malini the ringleader of a circus gang of bank robbers, who mentors Faraday and trains him to become "The Cape," as well as investigative blogger Orwell who wages war on crime and corruption in Palm City. Together, they must battle Ark corporation billionaire Peter Fleming -- The Cape's nemesis -- who moonlights as the twisted killer "Chess."
MasterChef Junior	Children	none	Masterchef Junior goes back for seconds...and thirds! This culinary competition series gives talented kids between the ages of eight and 13 the chance to showcase their culinary abilities and passion for food through a series of delicious challenges.Host and award-winning chef Gordon Ramsay is joined by restaurateur and winemaker Joe Bastianich and acclaimed chef Graham Elliot on the judging panel. Together, the celebrated food experts will coach and encourage the promising hopefuls to cook like a pro and teach them the tricks of the trade along the way.After a nationwide search, 16 of the best junior home cooks in the country will compete in the kitchen where they will face exciting challenges, including a surprise mystery box, a three-legged race and the fan-favorite restaurant takeover, until one talented kid is named America's newest Masterchef Junior.
The Passing Bells	Drama	10.0	Original British Drama telling the stories of two young men whose lives are transformed when they enlist to fight in World War One.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Drama	9.2	"Into every generation, there is a chosen one. She alone will stand against the vampires, the demons, and the forces of darkness. She is the slayer."Created by Joss Whedon the show aired from 1997 to 2003. Buffy Summers has to deal with vampires, demons, love, growing up and teenage angst in this iconic cult series. She and her "Scooby Gang" fight the good fight in a small town called Sunnydale.
Angel	Action	9.0	"If you need help, then look no further. Angel Investigations is the best. Our rates are low but our standards are high. When the chips are down, and you're at the end of your rope you need someone that you can count on. And that's what you'll find here, someone that will go all the way, no matter what. So don't lose hope. Come on over to our offices and you'll see that there's still heroes in this world."Angel was the spin-off series of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". It aired from 1999 to 2004. Angel runs a private invetigation bureau and fights demons, Wolfram & Hart and all other existing evil in Los Angeles. There were several crossovers and many guest appearances from "Buffy The Vampire Slayer" during its five season run.
Farscape	Action	9.3	Astronaut John Crichton assumes he'll be home in time for dinner. But a freak accident during an experimental space mission catapults him across a thousand galaxies to an alien battlefield. Suddenly, he's trapped among alien creatures wielding deadly technology - a battle that 20th century sci-fi pop culture never prepared him for. Hunted by a merciless military race, Crichton begins his quest for home from a galaxy far, far away...
The X-Files	Science-Fiction	9.1	Two FBI agents, Fox Mulder the believer and Dana Scully the skeptic, investigate the strange and unexplained while hidden forces work to impede their efforts.
Friends	Comedy	8.3	Six young people from New York, on their own and struggling to survive in the real world, find the companionship, comfort and support they get from each other to be the perfect antidote to the pressures of life.
Dollhouse	Action	7.6	Joss Whedon, creator of groundbreaking cult favorites "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Firefly," returns to television and reunites with fellow "Buffy" alumna Eliza Dushku in DOLLHOUSE. Echo is an "Active," a member of a highly illegal and underground group of individuals who have had their personalities wiped clean so they can be imprinted with any number of new personas. Hired by the wealthy, powerful and connected, the Actives don't just perform their hired roles; they wholly become - with mind, personality and physiology - whomever the client wants or needs them to be. Whether imprinted to be a lover, an assassin, a corporate negotiator or a best friend, the Actives know no other life than the specific engagements they are in at that time.
Caprica	Drama	7.5	Set 58 years before Battlestar Galactica, Caprica follows two rival families - the Graystones and the Adamas - as they grow, compete, and thrive in the vibrant world of the peaceful 12 Colonies, living in a society close to our own. Entangled in the burgeoning technology of artificial intelligence and robotics that will eventually lead to the creation of the Cylons, the two houses go toe-to-toe, blending action with corporate conspiracy and sexual politics. Caprica will deliver intrigue, political backbiting and family conflict in television's first science fiction family saga.Daniel Graystone, a computer genius, is owner of a large computer corporation that is spearheading the development of artificial intelligence. He and his wife Amanda, who's a brilliant surgeon, are both relentless in their scientific pursuits. The Adama clan is helmed by Joseph Adama, a renowned criminal defense attorney and father of future Battlestar commander William Adama. When tragedy strikes both families, lines are drawn that will determine the fate of the human race.
Warehouse 13	Comedy	9.0	After saving the life of the President, two Secret Service agents find themselves abruptly transferred to Warehouse 13 -- a massive, top-secret storage facility in windswept South Dakota that houses every strange artifact, mysterious relic, fantastical object and supernatural souvenir ever collected by the U.S. government. The Warehouse's caretaker Artie charges Pete and Myka with chasing down reports of supernatural and paranormal activity in search of new objects to cache at the Warehouse, as well as helping him to control the warehouse, itself. Rounding out the team is technology specialist Claudia and former ATF Steve Jinks.
Smallville	Drama	8.9	The end of the beginning starts here. Taking flight in its tenth and final season, this modern retelling of a hero's legendary origins continues to blend realism, action, heart and humor as Clark Kent soars toward claiming his birthright. Clark has emerged from his darkest hour, only to find the path to his destiny blocked by ghosts from the past -- shadows in the present tempting Clark toward the darkness at every turn. Despite insurmountable odds, is Clark strong enough to step into the light and claim his rightful place as Earth's mightiest protector?
Dead Like Me	Drama	8.4	You're about to be collected. When an errant toilet seat from the falling Mir space station puts an abrupt end to her life, George discovers that death is nothing like she thought it would be. Recruited to collect the souls of others as they die, she suddenly finds herself an unwilling participant in a line of work she never knew existed: Grim Reaping!
Xena: Warrior Princess	Action	8.2	"In a time of ancient gods, warlords, and kings, a land in turmoil cried out for a hero. She was Xena, a mighty princess, forged in the heat of battle.The power...the passion...the danger...Her courage will change the world"The spin-off from "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys" Xena is a feisty and fearless warrior princess who fights everything evil along with her sidekick Gabrielle in "Xena: Warrior Princess".
Wolverine and the X-Men	Action	7.5	After a mysterious explosion at the Xavier mansion, and the resulting disappearances of Professor Xavier and Jean Grey, the distraught X-Men disband. But soon, Wolverine, Storm. Beast and the others find themselves together again to battle the increasingly powerful Mutant Response Division, and to prevent a catastrophic future that Xavier has warned must never come to pass.
Everwood	Drama	8.0	As a world-class neurosurgeon, Dr. Andrew Brown is a hero. As a father, he's a zero. But that is changing. Tragedy makes him a single parent to his two children. And as the first act of his new life, Andy leaves Manhattan and moves his family to Everwood, the tiny Colorado town where big dreams can grow.
Once a Thief	Action	8.5	Once a Thief is a canadian action/comedy show loosely based and inspired by the John Woo movie of the same name.
XIII: The Series	Action	8.3	XIII: The Series is a follow up to the TV movie: XIII: The Prodigy. A man suffering from amnesia tries to uncover his past in this action filled canadian show.
Metal Hurlant Chronicles	Action	5.3	Based on the popular comics anthology Metal Hurlan, each of the 12-episodes (comprising Seasons 1 & 2) take place on a different planet with a different cast, linked together by the presence of an asteroid, which plays a vital role in their lives - and the future of their civilization.
Defying Gravity	Drama	8.0	Hurtling into the vast challenge of infinite space, the eight astronauts and the ground personnel who support them are on a mission that has a powerful and awesome mystery at its core. The intimate and interconnected relationships among the astronauts and the ground crew, as well as their past actions, have a strangely karmic effect on the present. Episodes are divided between the present, as the Antares travels towards Venus, and the past, with flashbacks to earlier years when the astronauts were in the grueling selection and training process.
The Universe	Adventure	none	From the planets to the stars and out to the edge of the unknown, history and science collide in this epic exploration of the Universe and its mysteries. It's a very old universe. Yet just 50 years since man first ventured into outer space, the heavens are yielding their greatest secrets. Robotic rovers give us eyes on the red rock of Mars--NASA probes slam into comets at hyper speed--deep-space telescopes capture violent images of the birth of stars and their collapse into black holes. All have significantly changed the way we see ourselves. We wonder, is there anywhere else out there that that can support life? Using cutting-edge computer graphics, this series brings the universe down to earth to show what life would be like on other planets, and to imagine what kind of life forms might evolve in alien atmospheres. Episodes examine how discoveries were made and the scientists and explorers who dared to venture into the uncharted territory of the universe.
Wolf Lake	Fantasy	7.0	Seattle police detective John Kanin (Lou Diamond Phillips, finds his world turned upsidedown when his girlfriend Ruby (Mia Kirshner) mysteriously disappears one night after leaving his apartment. After months of searching, an anonymous tip leads Kanin back to Ruby's hometown Wolf Lake, a place where the residents are hiding a dark secret...
Knight Rider	Action	6.3	Mike and KITT are assigned a seemingly easy package delivery until they realize the package is actually a man with vital top secret code decryption built into his DNA. The mission gets complicated when the enemies, including a mysterious woman, seem to know a great deal about Mike and a past he can't recall.
Tales from the Crypt	Horror	9.0	Cadaverous scream legend/all-around punster the Crypt Keeper hosts these forays of fright and fun based on classic E.C. Comics tales from back in the day – and drawing on the talents of top filmmakers Richard Donner, Walter Hill, Joel Silver, Robert Zemeckis and others. So belly up to the bar and name your poison. Is it a deranged Santa on a personal slay ride? A man surgically implanted with as many lives (and deaths) as a cat? Honeymooners who each want the other to fulfill the 'til-death vow pronto? These and more terror-rific tales await. Ghoul love 'em!
Blade: The Series	Action	8.0	BLADE: THE SERIES stars Kirk "Sticky" Jones as the title character who is half-man, half-vampire and employs his extraordinary powers in a crusade to save mankind from the demonic creatures who walk the night. Set in Detroit, Blade investigates the vampire house of Chthon. Along the way he forms an uneasy alliance with Krista Starr, portrayed by costar Jill Wagner, a former military veteran who becomes entrenched in the world of vampires while investigating the murder of her twin brother.
Moonlight	Drama	8.6	Mick St. John is a captivating, charming- and immortal- private investigator from Los Angeles who defies the traditional blood-sucking norms of his vampire tendencies by using his wit and powerful supernatural abilities to help the living. In a life-altering twist of fate, Mick was "bitten" 60 years ago by his new bride, the seductive Coraline. Forever 30 years of age, Mick's as handsome and charismatic as the day he was "turned," and he eschews others of his kind who view humans only as a source of nourishment. With only a handful of like-minded confidantes for company, including the eternally young, wealthy and mischievous Josef, a hedge fund trader who relishes his uniqueness, Mick fills his infinite days protecting the living. But one night years ago, a single act of kindness changed Mick when he saved a young girl's life, making him want to be a better vampire. Now their paths cross again and Mick develops a distinctive bond with Beth Turner who has grown into a beautiful, ambitious Internet investigative reporter. Reconnecting with her unleashes feelings Mick knows he can't pursue without exposing the part of him that would make him a monster in Beth's eyes. As Mick lives between two realities, fighting his adversaries among the undead and falling in love, he discovers the mysteries and pleasures that a valuable life has to offer.
The Event	Drama	8.4	Sean Walker, stumbles into a national conspiracy after his girlfriend Leila mysteriously disappears from a Caribbean cruise. Elsewhere, President Elias Martinez is scheduled to announce the release of a group of detainees led by Sophia Maguire -- despite the disapproval of his Director of National Intelligence, Blake Sterling. Their futures are on a collision course in a global conspiracy that could ultimately change the fate of mankind.
FlashForward	Drama	8.6	What would you do if you were given a glimpse of the future? Would you accept what you saw and live life to its fullest, or would you do everything in your power to change your destiny? When the world's population is given a glimpse of their future, it forces everyone to come to grips with whether their destinies can be fulfilled or avoided.
Harper's Island	Horror	8.0	HARPER'S ISLAND is about a group of family and friends who travel to a secluded island for a destination wedding. They've come to laugh... to love... and, though they don't know it... to die. As the wedding festivities begin, friendships are tested and secrets exposed as a murderer claims victims, one by one, transforming the wedding week of fun and celebration into a terrifying struggle for survival. In every episode, someone is killed and every person is a suspect, from the wedding party to the island locals. By the end of the 13 episodes, all questions will be answered, the killer will be revealed and only a few will survive.
Legend of the Seeker	Action	8.3	In a mythical land, one man, Richard Cypher, discovers his true destiny as he, a mysterious young woman, a wise old wizard and a magical sword are all that stand between the evil tyrant Darken Rahl and his quest for total domination. Based on "The Sword of Truth" series of books by Terry Goodkind.
Tek War	Action	7.5	In the year 2045, an addictive computer-based reality drug call "tek" has ignited a war that stretches throughout society. Recruited by a mysterious benefactor to stop the advancing drug is Jake Cardigan, a cop who teams up with a colorful array of partners as the government plots to stop him from revealing the truth. This riveting series is based on the hit sci-fi novel series by William Shatner, who also makes special appearances throughout these 22 action-packed episodes!
Dark Skies	Drama	9.0	On July 2, 1947, a spacecraft of unknown origin crashed in the New Mexico desert outside Roswell Army Air Base. Four bodies - known as the Grays - were recovered. Everything you think to true about American history, from that moment on, has been influenced by that event.On February 17, 1962, another event occurred, related to the first, but one that has, until now, been kept completely suppressed.You are being trusted with that secret.
The Pacific	Drama	8.6	his epic ten-part miniseries tracks the intertwined odysseys of three U.S. Marines Robert Leckie, Eugene Sledge and John Basilone across the vast canvas of the Pacific Theater during World War II. It follows these men and their fellow Marines from their first battle with the Japanese on Guadalcanal, through the rain forests of Cape Gloucester and the strongholds of Peleliu, across the bloody sands of Iwo Jima and through the horror of Okinawa, and finally to their triumphant but uneasy return home after V-J Day.
Band of Brothers	Drama	9.2	Based on the bestseller by Stephen E. Ambrose, Band of Brothers tells the story of Easy Company, 506th Regiment of the 101st Airborne Division, U.S. Army. Drawn from interviews with Easy Company, as well as soldiers' journals and letters, Band of Brothers chronicles the experiences of these men who knew extraordinary bravery and extraordinary fear. They were an elite rifle company parachuting into France early on D-Day morning, fighting in the Battle of the Bulge and capturing Hitler's Eagle's Nest at Berchtesgaden. They were also a unit that suffered 150 percent casualties, and whose lives became legend.
Columbo	Crime	8.2	This is the detective series that inspired them all. Legendary actor Peter Falk is back in his 4-time Emmy® Award winning role, as the ruffled, cigar-chomping, trenchcoat-wearing police lieutenant who is asking all the right questions.
Blood Ties	Drama	8.4	After witnessing a horrific demonic murder at the side of a Toronto roadway, private investigator Vicki Nelson finds herself on a collision course with another citizen investigating the case. He is Henry Fitzroy – former Duke of Richmond, cutting-edge graphic novelist and 470-year old vampire.To solve the brutal murder, Vicky finds herself collaborating against her better judgment, with the suave and seductive Fitzroy. The relationship soon progresses beyond a pretty professional arrangement, complicating her long-term love affair with ex-partner Detective Mike Celluci...and pretty well everything else in her life.As the cases become more bizarre & complex, the relationship between Vicki & Mike becomes fractured. Meanwhile, Henry's behavior creates suspicion for all involved in the cases, casting doubt among the three.
Walker, Texas Ranger	Action	8.5	Texas Ranger Cordell Walker, one of the last old-fashioned heroes in the West, is a protective friend but a relentless foe who will stop at nothing to bring a criminal to justice.
ReGenesis	Drama	10.0	Cloning, bioterrorism, genetic engineering, not since the atom bomb has science had such potential to change the world. Canada, Mexico, and the United States have created a trilateral taskforce, The North American Biotechnology Advisory Commission, or NorBAC, to investigate questionable advances in the fields of biotechnology, bio-weaponry and nanotechnology.Under the charismatic leadership of Chief Scientist David Sandstrom and Executive Director Caroline Morrison, the Toronto-based organisation struggles to understand the political, legal, and personal underbrush in which new science has become entangled.
The Prisoner	Drama	6.0	"The Prisoner" tells the story of a man, Six, who wakes up to find himself inexplicably trapped in a mysterious and surreal place, The Village, with no memory of how he arrived. As he frantically explores his new environment, he discovers that Village residents are identified by number, have no memory of any prior existence, and are under constant surveillance. The Village is controlled by one man - the sinister and charismatic Two . Throughout the series, Six and Two are locked in a battle of wits, as Six challenges the oppressive nature of The Village and struggles to learn the truth behind it.
Veronica Mars	Drama	9.0	Veronica is in true form from the moment she and boyfriend Logan, along with close friends Wallace and Mac set foot on the campus of Hearst College. Wallace enlists Veronica's help when his new roommate, Piz, has all his belongings stolen. While working on Piz's case, Veronica learns that the campus serial rapist has struck again. Meanwhile, Keith runs into trouble while transporting a recently released convict across the country to reunite him with Kendall
Charlie's Angels	Action	6.8	Once upon a time, Jill, Sabrina and Kelly were police officers whose skills were being wasted in menial duties such as answering phones and filing. A mysterious millionaire named Charles Townsend took them away from all that by opening his own private investigation agency and hiring these gorgeous ladies as his operatives with John Bosley acting as their assistant and liaison.
Babylon 5	Drama	9.6	"It was the dawn of the Third Age of Mankind ten years after the Earth-Minbari War The Babylon Project was a dream given form. Its goal: to prevent another war by creating a place where Humans and aliens could work out their differences peacefully. It's a port of call – home away from home for diplomats, hustlers, entrepreneurs, and wanderers. Humans and aliens wrapped in two million, five-hundred thousand tons of spinning metal, all alone in the night. It can be a dangerous place, but it's our last best hope for peace. This is the story of the last of the Babylon stations. The year is 2258 . The name of the place is Babylon 5."A five season space opera written b J. Michael Staczinsky.
Son of the Beach	Comedy	5.5	His unit may not be the biggest, but it's definitely the best...and the funniest! Timothy Stack stars as Notch Johnson, the world's greatest lifeguard, duty-bound to patrol and protect the shores of Malibu Adjacent with his crack team of sexy hardbodies. Together they keep the laughs coming...again and again...
Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Drama	8.8	The mother of all destiny. Her son, the future leader of mankind. Their protector, a Terminator from the future. Together they must take back the future as Sarah Connor prepares her son to fight the war against machines determined to annihilate the human race. The clock is ticking. Can they stop Judgment Day?
Witchblade	Action	7.0	New York homicide detective Sara Pezzini doesn't know why the forces of the universe have chosen her to possess the awesome living weapon called the Witchblade. But it is hers to wear and to wield in the fight against crime, although it comes with a terrifying price. Evil foes seek the Witchblade, setting in motion an ongoing battle that may cost the lives of those Sara holds dearest.
Birds of Prey	Action	7.4	Who will stand up to villains now that a heartbroken Dark Knight has mysteriously vanished? Never fear, New Gothamites, a trio of champions is ready to take wing – and Helena, the daughter of Batman and Catwoman, is among them. She calls herself Huntress and crime is her prey. Teenaged Dinah is the youngest of the group, learning as she goes and gifted in clairvoyance. And overseeing the awesome threesome's high-tech nerve center is Batgirl. Left wheelchair-bound by The Joker, she has reinvented herself as Oracle, the team's cyber expert. Huntress, Dinah, Oracle: They are the Birds of Prey. Fighting together. Living together.
The Batman	Action	8.0	Hidden in the shadows, The Batman casts a protective eye while tracking the thugs, thieves and criminal masterminds that claim Gotham City's dark alleys each night. In one magnificent swoop, he descends up on opponents and battles with a fierceness that seems almost inhuman. This is the young Bruce Wayne who assumes the role of Gotham's greatest defender in a fresh retelling of the Dark Knight's beginnings.With incredible gadgets, awesome animation and a cool new vibe, these 13 exciting episodes from the hit series showcase The Batman taking on your favourite villains – The Joker, The Penguin, Mr. Freeze, Catwoman, Bane – and new crazies you'll love to hate!
Masters of Horror	Horror	8.0	Chilling horror stories from the most prominent directors of the genre.
The 4400	Drama	8.5	THE 4400 explores the travails of the 4400 people who all at once returned in a ball of light to Earth; though the returnees had not aged physically, many of them reappeared with dramatic abilities ranging from enhanced reflexes to precognition. NTAC (National Threat Assessment Command) is the government agency responsible for keeping track of the returnees and investigating all things related to the 4400.
Painkiller Jane	Action	7.7	In a very imaginable future, the world battles terrorism and unrest. Out of this chaos emerges a new hero: Jane Vasco, a.k.a. Painkiller Jane. Once the DEA's top agent, Jane Vasco is formidable, both mentally and physically. As a child, her father nicknamed her Painkiller Jane, describing her ability to mentally push through even the most painful situations. But her strength is about to be tested. Jane is recruited by a covert government agency dedicated to containing and, if necessary, neutralizing the threat of "Neuros" — individuals with superhuman neurological powers. No one knows what caused the aberrations that led to their enhanced abilities, which range from from telekinesis and telepathic suggestion to induced hallucinations. During her first investigation with her new team, Jane discovers that she too possesses an odd ability: she can't be killed. Unfortunately, she can still feel pain. Her newfound powers make Jane even more determined to learn everything there is to know about Neuros. Seldom malicious, Neuros often can't control their powers. Consequently, they tend to leave a trail of death and destruction. To prevent a panic, the government has kept the discovery of Neuros a secret, assembling a covert unit to identify and contain Neuros. Operating from a secure abandoned subway platform, the core members of the unit are Andre McBride, the seasoned team leader; Connor King, a special agent regularly armed with a smart remark; Riley Jensen, an evolved computer whiz in charge of surveillance and communications; Dr. Seth Carpenter, the unit's doctor and scientist; Joe Waterman, the middle-aged caretaker of the subway; and Maureen Bowers, Jane's former DEA partner and friend, who, like Jane, was recruited after discovering top-secret information about Neuros. Painkiller Jane is based on the comic-book series of the same name created by Jimmy Palmiotti and Joe Quesada.
Day Break	Drama	8.7	Detective Brett Hopper is having a hellacious day; the kind of day where nothing goes his way and he just cant wait to put it behind him... only he cant, because hes living the same day over and over again. Taye Diggs stars in Day Break, an action-packed thriller that takes a bad day and multiplies it by infinity.
Andromeda	Action	7.4	From an original concept found in the unpublished papers of Star Trek creator, Gene Roddenberry, comes the story of Dylan Hunt courageous captain of the most glorious starship in the universe, the Andromeda Ascendant. After 300 years frozen in time at the event horizon of a black hole. Dylan Hunt wakes... to a universe in chaos. The Systems Commonwealth, the greatest civilization in history, has fallen. But together with an unlikely band of renegades and aliens who become his crew, Dylan begins his quest to rekindle the light of civilization and push back the evils that grip the universe!
Star Trek	Action	8.2	The original Star Trek series focuses on the 23rd century adventures of Captain James T. Kirk and the U.S.S. Enterprise (NCC-1701), a powerful interstellar spacecraft dispatched by Earth-based Starfleet Command to explore the galaxy. Kirk commands a crew of 430 men and women aboard his starship, which can travel at speeds surpassing the speed of light. Kirk's five-year mission—and his mandate from Starfleet—is to seek out new life and new civilizations, and to boldly go where no man has gone before.
Star Trek: The Next Generation	Action	8.8	Star Trek: The Next Generation (TNG) focuses on the 24th century adventures of Captain Jean-Luc Picard aboard the U.S.S. Enterprise (NCC-1701-D). This incarnation of the famous starship is much larger than the one captained by James T. Kirk a century earlier, and, accordingly, it carries a larger crew complement: 1,012 men, women…and, surprisingly, children. This era's Starfleet Command believes that men and women are more likely to sign up for long-term exploratory missions if they think of their ship as home. Thus, Picard's crew enjoys many of the comforts they'd have otherwise left behind, including a wide variety of recreational opportunities, "replicated" food dishes to suit every palate, and quarters large enough to share with spouses and offspring. There are schools for the children and a bar (stocked with synthetic alcohol, or synthehol) where the adults can unwind. However, the ongoing mission—no longer limited to a mere five years—remains virtually the same as it was during Kirk's time: to seek out new life and new civilizations, and to boldly go where no one has gone before.
Star Trek: Voyager	Action	8.0	Star Trek: Voyager (VOY) focuses on the 24th century adventures of Captain Kathryn Janeway aboard the U.S.S. Voyager. Smaller than either Kirk's or Picard's starships—its crew complement is only 150—Voyager is fast and powerful, and has the ability to land on a planet's surface. It is one of the most technologically advanced vessels in Starfleet, utilizing computer circuitry that incorporates synthetic neural tissue. Ironically, Janeway's inaugural mission aboard Voyager was to be her last in the Alpha quadrant. While attempting to capture the crew of a renegade Maquis vessel, both her ship and that of the Maquis were pulled into the distant Delta quadrant by powerful alien technology. Unfortunately, there would be no similar "express" route to take them home again. Stranded 70,000 light-years from Earth, Janeway convinced the Maquis to join her Starfleet crew and serve together during the long voyage back to Federation space.
Star Trek: Deep Space NIne	Action	8.4	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (DS9) focuses on the 24th century adventures of Captain Benjamin Sisko on space station Deep Space 9, an outpost situated near the mouth of a stable wormhole on the far reaches of explored space. Although Sisko commands Deep Space 9, the station actually belongs to the inhabitants of nearby Bajor, who requested Starfleet's protective presence after Bajoran freedom fighters put an end to the brutal Cardassian occupation of their world. Approximately a sixth of the station's 300 permanent residents are Starfleet personnel; there is also a sizable Bajoran militia presence. The rest of Deep Space 9's inhabitants are civilians, most of whom work in the station's Promenade, a kind of indoor marketplace. Initially, Sisko's mandate from Starfleet was to protect Bajor and the station from any hostiles who ventured into the area. But with the discovery of the nearby wormhole—a shortcut through space that leads directly to the uncharted Gamma quadrant—Sisko's mandate has expanded exponentially, as the region becomes the gateway to all manner of visitors, both friendly and extremely hostile.
V	Drama	7.4	Simultaneously appearing over every major city in the world, the Visitors (or V's) arrived offering us the wonders of their technology and promoting peace. While the world quickly embraced the V's as saviors, an FBI Counter Terrorist Agent, and others making up the resistance group called The Fifth Column, quickly discovered that the Visitors are not who they said they were. Will humanity stop being fooled and realize the Visitors true intentions before it becomes too late and they take over Earth?
Naruto	Action	7.7	Naruto closely follows the life of a boy who is feared and detested by the villagers of the hidden leaf village of Konoha. The distrust of the boy has little to do with the boy himself, but it's what's inside him that causes anxiety. Long before Naruto came to be, a Kyuubi (demon fox) with great fury and power waged war taking many lives. The battle ensued for a long time until a man known as the Fourth Hokage, Yondaime, the strongest ninja in Konoha, fiercely fought the Kyuubi. The fight was soon won by Yondaime as he sealed the evil demon in a human body. Thus the boy, Naruto, was born. As Naruto grows he decides to become the strongest ninja in Konoha in an effort to show everyone that he is not as they perceive him to be, but is a human being worthy of love and admiration. But the road to becoming Hokage, the title for the strongest ninja in Konoha, is a long and arduous one. It is a path filled with betrayal, pain, and loss; but with hard work, Naruto may achieve Hokage.
100 Things To Do Before High School	Comedy	none	Created by Big Time Rush executive producer and creator Scott Fellows, this new show will follow three best friends as they navigate the highs and lows of middle school, with the help of a bucket list of adventures that help them overcome class cliques, terrifying bullies and clueless teachers. With real life and teen drama awaiting her after 8th grade graduation, CJ Parker (Isabela Moner) has only a short time left to make the most of her middle school years. Together with her two lifelong best friends Fenwick (Jaheem Toombs) and Crispo (Owen Joyner), she is determined to get the most out of this time, using an ever-expanding list of challenges as a guide. For this group, growing up means trying everything and taking chances while they still can.
Mutant X	Action	6.8	Protecting a world that doesn't know they exist. Mutant X: a team of human mutants who possess extraordinary powers as a result of genetic engineering. Like hundreds of other unsuspecting subjects, these people were altered in secret experiments conducted in a covert government project. Realising that events have spun out of control, the organization that created them is now hunting them down in an urgent "product recall". Mutant X's mission is to seek out their fellow new mutants, to help them come to terms with their astonishing abilities and protect them from their creators.
Northern Exposure	Drama	8.7	Fresh out of New York's Columbia University, cocky young Dr. Joel Fleischman is looking forward to his comfortable position in Alaska's largest city. Upon his arrival, Joel finds himself a fish-out-of-water as he's instead assigned to a tiny Alaskan village where the offbeat locals would love him to stay forever.
The Lost Room	Drama	8.6	A mysterious event at the Sunshine Motel caused ordinary things in Room 10 to transform into indestructible objects with extraordinary powers. Detective Joe Miller discovers the dangerous potential of these objects when his daughter becomes lost in the room. His only hope of saving her is to find The Key, but shadowy figures will stop at nothing to keep it - and the other objects - for themselves.
Batman Beyond	Action	8.7	Terry McGinnis was just an ordinary teenager...until his father was mysteriously murdered. Suspecting foul play at his father's company Wayne/Powers Corporation, Terry meets Bruce Wayne and learns a secret identity hidden for decades. Now too old to battle injustice, Wayne is a bitter shell of his former self and refuses to help. So Terry does what any brash young kid would do: steal the Batsuit and take matters into his own hands! Vowing to avenge his father's death, Terry dons the high-tech suit - tricked out with jetpacks for flying, a supersensitive microphone for eavesdropping and even camouflage capabilities - in search of his father's assassin.
Justice League Unlimited	Action	9.3	Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, The Flash, Green Lantern, Martian Manhunter and Hawkgirl – they have all saved countless lives from unspeakable dangers, using their unique powers to fight evil on Earth and across the galaxy. And until now, they have all worked alone. But after an alien invasion that took their combined powers to defeat, these seven super heroes unite to become the Justice League.
Charmed	Drama	7.7	The discovery that they are descendants of a long line of witches finds three sisters battling demons and warlocks - and occasionally each other.When the beautiful Halliwell sisters inherit a house from their grandmother and discover a secret "Book Of Shadows," they learn that they each have a unique power. The strong-willed Prue can move objects, reserved Piper is able to freeze time, and the uninhibited Phoebe sees the future. Individually, each is strong, but it is only by putting aside their differences and banding together as the "Power of Three" that they will be able to protect the innocent and vanquish evil.
Angels In America	Drama	9.0	Al Pacino, Meryl Streep and Emma Thompson lead an all-star cast in an epic movie event directed Mike Nichols and screenplay by Tony Kushner based on his Pulitzer Prize-winning play: ANGELS IN AMERICA.
Breaking In	Comedy	10.0	Contra Security, a high-tech security firm that takes extreme - and often questionable - measures to sell its protection services is corporate America's answer to "The A-Team," giving clients a sense of security by first ripping it away. In the opener, Contra's man of mystery owner, Oz, blackmails his newest recruit, computer hacker Cameron, to join his team. Cameron quickly learns that cracking into state-of-the-art security systems is a lot easier than dealing with his co-workers, including the alluring Melanie, prank-pulling Cash and competitive Josh.
Jessie	Comedy	none	Debby Ryan stars in "Jessie", a new comedy series about a small-town girl who leaves behind her Texas roots and finds a job in the Big Apple as nanny to a high-flying couple's four precocious kids.
Terra Nova	Action	8.1	From executive producers Steven Spielberg Peter Chernin, René Echevarria and Brannon Braga comes an epic family adventure 85 million years in the making. TERRA NOVA follows an ordinary family on an incredible journey back in time to prehistoric Earth as a small part of a daring experiment to save the human race. In the year 2149, the world is dying. The planet is overdeveloped and overcrowded, with the majority of plant and animal life extinct. The future of mankind is in jeopardy, and its only hope for survival is in the distant past. When scientists at the FERMI Particle Accelerator unexpectedly discovered a fracture in time that made it possible to construct a portal into primeval history, the bold notion was born to resettle humanity in the past - a second chance to rebuild civilization and get it right this time.
Psych	Comedy	9.1	PSYCH is a quick-witted comedy starring James Roday as young police consultant Shawn Spencer, who solves crimes with powers of observation so acute that Santa Barbara PD detectives think he's psychic. Psych also stars Dule Hill as Shawn's best friend and reluctant sidekick, Gus, and Corbin Bernsen as Shawn's disapproving father, Henry, who ironically was the one who honed his son's "observation" skills as a child.
Lie to Me	Drama	8.7	This compelling new drama series stars Tim Roth as Dr. Cal Lightman, the world's leading deception expert who studies facial expressions and involuntary body language to discover not only if someone is lying, but why. Based on the real-life scientific discoveries of Dr. Paul Ekman, the series follows Lightman and his team of deception experts as they assist law enforcement and government agencies to expose the truth behind the lies.
Gilmore Girls	Drama	8.7	A drama centering around the relationship between a thirtysomething single mother and her teen daughter living in Stars Hollow, Connecticut.
The Office	Comedy	8.7	Steve Carell stars in The Office, a fresh and funny mockumentary-style glimpse into the daily interactions of the eccentric workers at the Dunder Mifflin paper supply company. Based on the smash-hit British series of the same name and adapted for American Television by Greg Daniels, this fast-paced comedy parodies contemporary American water-cooler culture. Earnest but clueless regional manager Michael Scott believes himself to be an exceptional boss and mentor, but actually receives more eye-rolls than respect from his oddball staff.
The Sopranos	Drama	9.7	The Sopranos, writer-producer-director David Chase's extraordinary television series, is nominally an urban gangster drama, but its true impact strikes closer to home: Like 1999's other screen touchstone, American Beauty, the HBO series chronicles a dysfunctional, suburban American family in bold relief. And for protagonist Tony Soprano, there's the added complexity posed by heading twin families, his collegial mob clan and his own, nouveau riche brood.
The Flash	Action	9.5	Barry Allen, a police scientist, is working one night during a terrible thunder storm when a bolt of lightning crashes through the lab window, electrocuting him. Barry survives and soon learns that he is now able to move at almost incomprehensible speed.
Seinfeld	Comedy	9.0	Seinfeld stars Jerry Seinfeld as a stand-up comedian whose life in New York City is made even more chaotic by his quirky group of friends who join him in wrestling with life's most perplexing, yet often trivial questions. Often described as "a show about nothing," Seinfeld mines the humor in life's mundane situations like waiting in line, searching for a lost item, or the trials and tribulations of dating. Co-starring are Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Jerry's ex-girlfriend and current platonic pal, Elaine Benes; Jason Alexander as George Costanza, Jerry's neurotic hard-luck best friend; and Michael Richards as Jerry's eccentric neighbor, Kramer.
Scrubs	Drama	9.4	Fresh out of medical school, new doctors John "J.D." Dorian, his best friend Christopher Turk, and Elliot Reid start their internship at Sacred Heart Hospital. There, they meet the harsh Chief of Medicine Dr. Bob Kelso, J.D.'s reluctant mentor Dr. Perry Cox, nurse Carla Espinosa, and the deceitful and prankish Janitor. Also at the hospital are the wide range of personalities of Sacred Heart's staff, including the religious nurse Laverne Roberts, incompetent lawyer Ted Buckland, and spiteful board member Jordan Sullivan who also happens to be Cox's ex-wife. Other interns make the cut, such as the high-fiving Todd Quinlanand nervous Doug Murphy. Over the next 9 years they face personal and professional highs and lows, realizing that they can't make it through life - much less a hectic job as a doctor - on their own.
Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations	Adventure	10.0	In his Emmy Award winning series, Anthony Bourdain travels the globe to explore the cities, villages and countries that offer life's truest surprises.
Whose Line Is It Anyway?	Comedy	6.0	Hosted by comedian Aisha Tyler, WHOSE LINE IS IT ANYWAY? also features the return of cast members Ryan Stiles, Wayne Brady and Colin Mochrie, who along with a special guest each episode, must put their comedic skills to the test through a series of spontaneous improv games, prompted only by random ideas supplied by the studio audience.
30 Rock	Comedy	9.3	Multiple award-winning comedy "30 Rock" is told through the comedic voice of Emmy and two-time Golden Globe winner Tina Fey as variety show producer Liz Lemon. The series also features two-time Emmy and three-time Golden Globe winner Alec Baldwin as top network executive Jack Donaghy and Emmy nominee Tracy Morgan as Tracy Jordan, the unpredictable star of Lemon's hit variety show, "TGS with Tracy Jordan." Lemon constantly has her hands full, juggling corporate interference from Donaghy and off-the-handle star antics from Jordan, all while attempting to salvage her own personal life.
Futurama	Comedy	8.9	Hatched from the mind of The Simpsons creator Matt Groening, Futurama blasts contemporary culture and science fiction alike with an animated comedy barrage.
The IT Crowd	Comedy	8.5	Emmy-award winning sitcom written by Graham Linehan, set in an IT department starring Chris O'Dowd, Richard Ayoade and Katherine Parkinson.
Frasier	Comedy	7.0	Fraiser is a half-hour comedy series set in Seattle, which chronicles the lives of an eloquently pompous radio show host Dr. Frasier Crane, his brazen radio producer Roz and his competitive, high-brow brother Niles.
Prison Break	Drama	9.0	Lincoln Burrows is currently on death row and scheduled to die in a few months for an assassination his younger brother Michael is convinced he did not commit. With no other options and time winding down, Michael takes drastic measures to get himself incarcerated alongside his brother in Fox River State Penitentiary. Once he's inside, Michael - a structural engineer with the blueprints for the prison - begins to execute an elaborate plan to break Lincoln out and prove him innocent. When Michael arrives at Fox River State Penitentiary, he meets the prison denizens who will, unknowingly, help in his escape plans - his cellmate, the lovelorn Sucre; beautiful prison doctor Dr. Sara Tancredi, who happens to be the governor's daughter; former mob boss John Abruzzi; and Warden Henry Pope. Meanwhile, outside the prison walls, the brothers' childhood friend and Lincoln's lost love, attorney Veronica Donovan, works within the law to free them; Lincoln's teenage son LJ may be going down a path similar to his convicted father's; and Secret Service Agent Paul Kellerman's investigation into Lincoln's case proves that there may be a national conspiracy
Eureka	Drama	9.3	With the help of Albert Einstein and other trusted advisors, President Harry S. Truman commissioned a top-secret residential development in a remote area of the Pacific Northwest, one that would serve to protect and nurture America's most valuable intellectual resources. There our nation's greatest thinkers, the über-geniuses working on the next era of scientific achievement, would be able to live and work in a supportive environment. The best architects and planners were commissioned to design a welcoming place for these superlative geniuses to reside, an area that would offer the best education for their children, the best healthcare, the best amenities and quality of life. A community was created to rival the most idyllic of America's small towns— with one major difference: this town would never appear on any maps. At least, none that haven't been classified "eyes only" by the Pentagon. Thus, the town of Eureka was born. But for all its familiar, small-town trappings, things in this secret hamlet are anything but ordinary. The stereotype of the absent-minded professor exists for a reason, and most of the quantum leaps in science and technology during the past 50 years were produced by Eureka's elite researchers. Unfortunately, scientific exploration is rarely what one expects, and years of experiments gone awry have yielded some peculiar by-products. With the population's unique talents, troubled psyches and limitless resources, these small-town concerns have a way of becoming big-time problems. It is at that intersection, where human frailty and super-science collide, that Eureka began…
Monk	Drama	9.0	Adrian Monk was once a rising star with the San Francisco Police Department, legendary for using unconventional means to solve the department's most baffling cases. But after the tragic (and still unsolved) murder of his wife Trudy, Monk developed an extreme case of obsessive-compulsive disorder. Now consumed by peculiar obsessions and wracked with hundreds of phobias (including but certainly not limited to germs, heights, and even milk), Monk has lost his badge and struggles with even the simplest everyday tasks. Despite his many quirks, Monk is fortunate to have some supportive friends. With the help of his gifted therapist Dr. Kroger, Monk has made some gradual progress in controlling his condition. Monk's first personal assistant, Sharona Fleming, was able to help him pick up the pieces of his life and get back to doing what he does best: solving crimes. Though Monk was devastated when she moved away, he soon found hope in the form of a spunky new assistant, Natalie Teeger, whose unique brand of tough love proved to be just what Monk needed. In Natalie, Monk has found more than just an assistant; she's a faithful friend, a savvy businesswoman, and, it turns out, a pretty good assistant detective to boot. Natalie and her teenage daughter Julie have welcomed Monk into their family. And though Natalie and Monk have grown close, she's never afraid to give her boss a loving kick in the pants when he needs it. Now working as a private consultant, Monk continues to investigate cases in the most unconventional ways. Although Monk is no longer a member of the police force, his former boss Captain Leland Stottlemeyer still often calls upon him to provide unique insights into cases that have the cops stumped. Stottlemeyer himself is a highly decorated detective, but he knows he will never be as good as the illustrious Monk... and it drives him crazy. Still, he's a loyal friend to Monk, as is Lieutenant Randall Disher the Captain's self-appointed go-to guy, a cop with enough eagerness to almost make up for his lack of brilliance as a detective. Monk is a detective afraid of the dark, a gumshoe afraid of gum. He has no problem cracking a case - as long as it doesn't involve heights or germs, and is in close proximity to his apartment. Other than solving his wife's murder, Monk would like nothing more than to gain back his position on the San Francisco police force, but can he pull himself together and get back to solving crimes full time?
Home Improvement	Comedy	7.3	Tim "The Toolman" Taylor, host of the home-improvement show "Tool Time," definitely is not as handy at home as he is on screen. He and his wife, Jill, raise three boys who are racing toward adulthood. The Taylor family often relies on next-door neighbor Wilson, who provides unconventional wisdom and perspective to the Taylors' personal and familial crises.
Halo: Nightfall	Action	9.0	A strange and treacherous world exposes elite UNSC operatives to a much deeper danger. Halo: Nightfall is a live action series from 343 Industries and Scott Free Productions.
Babylon	Drama	7.5	Razor-sharp comedy drama that takes a wry look at the people and politics of London's police force. With James Nesbitt and Brit Marling.
ER	Drama	9.0	NBC's celebrated medical drama "ER" debuted in the fall of 1994 and aired its series finale 15 seasons later. Along the way, "ER" helped launch the careers of George Clooney, Julianna Margulies and Noah Wiley among many others. Combining the extraordinary talents of multiple award-winning producer John Wells ("The West Wing" "Third Watch"), best-selling author Michael Crichton ("Jurassic Park") and the creative team at Steven Spielberg's Amblin Television, the venerated series "ER" explores the inner workings of an urban teaching hospital and the critical issues faced by the dedicated physicians and staff of its overburdened emergency room. The highly acclaimed drama series holds the distinction of being recognized as the most Emmy-nominated series in the history of television.
Skins	Drama	9.3	Irreverent comedy drama from the makers of Shameless, which follows the messy lives, loves, delirious highs and inevitable lows of a group of raucous teenage friends in Bristol.
Will & Grace	Comedy	9.0	Every straight girl needs a gay best friend, and interior designer Grace Adler found an ultimate accessory in her lawyer pal Will Truman. It's through this neurotic pair that the show's real stars -- Jack & Karen - come together. "Just Jack" McFarland and his boozy, pill-popping sidekick Karen Walker fill in the foursome that made Will & Grace classic TV and brought primetime to a whole new level of fabulous, while also winning 16 Emmy Awards in the process. With show-stopping guest appearances by Cher, Madonna, Britney, Janet, J-Lo, Ellen, Elton and most every gay icon under the sun, the milestones that Will & Grace hit provided a foundation for all LGBT portrayals on TV today.
Desperate Housewives	Drama	7.0	In the town of Fairview there's a street called Wisteria Lane; a peaceful cul-de-sac with manicured lawns and beautiful houses. It's a place where you know all your neighbors and your neighbors know all about you. It's the perfect suburban fantasy. But, behind every picket fence there are secrets. And, in every seemingly happy home, you'll find jealousy, lust, passion, and sometimes…murder.
The King of Queens	Comedy	none	Set in the working-class suburb of Queens, New York, the show follows Doug Heffernan, an amiable deliveryman, and his wife, spitfire secretary Carrie Heffernan, as they explore the everyday challenges of love, life, family and marriage.
Cheers	Comedy	9.0	CHEERS takes viewers back to the Boston bar where everybody knows your name. As former baseball star Sam Malone and his colleague Diane Chambers fight their mutual attractions, they cater to their regulars including Norm Petersen and Cliff Claven. Talking about their problems, laughing at each other's flaws and trying to be there when someone needs them, the gang are joined by naïve farm boy Woody, bitter waitress Carla , troubled psychiatrist Frasier and his wife.
Dark Angel	Action	8.1	In the year 2019 the U.S. has become a third world country in the wake of the Pulse - an electromagnetic shockwave unleashed by nuclear terrorists in 2009. This is Max's world, an unforgiving place even for a genetically engineered soldier like her. On the run from her creators and constantly in search of her past, Max joins forces with the idealistic cyberjournalist "Eyes Only". She's a revved-up girl trying to make a run-down world a better place.
Avatar: The Last Airbender	Action	8.8	Water. Earth. Fire. Air. Only the Avatar was the master of all four elements. Only he could stop the ruthless Fire Nation from conquering the world. But when the world needed him most, he disappeared. Until now... On the South Pole, a lone Water Tribe village struggles to survive. It's here that a young Waterbender named Katara and her warrior brother Sokka rescue a strange boy named Aang from a cavernous iceberg. Not only is Aang an Airbender--a race of people no one has seen in a century--but they soon discover that Aang is also the long lost Avatar. Now it's up to Katara and Sokka to make sure Aang faces his destiny to save the tribe--and himself. Did we mention he's only 12?
Alias	Drama	8.9	Golden Globe Award-winning actress Jennifer Garner is Sydney Bristow. Syd's not exactly your average grad student. Her life might appear normal, but she's hiding a secret life working as a spy for the CIA.Sydney's world is turned upside down when she learns she may work for the very enemy she thought she was fighting. Now she's entangled in a covert lifestyle where she is forced to question the allegiances of everyone, including those closest to her.
Persons Unknown	Thriller	5.5	"Persons Unknown" is a one-hour mystery drama in which a group of strangers must come together to solve the puzzle of their lives.
Entourage	Drama	10.0	The hit comedy series that takes a look at the day-to-day life of Vincent (Vince) Chase, a hot young actor in Hollywood, and his inner circle. He's brought with him from their hometown in Queens, NY: manager Eric, half-brother Drama, and friend Turtle. The series draws on the experiences of industry insiders to illustrate both the heady excesses of today's celebrity lifestyle, as well as the highs and lows of love and success in show biz. Eric, along with super-agent Ari, keep Vince's star rising while making sound decisions for a long-lasting career in a world of fleeting fame.
One Tree Hill	Drama	10.0	As ONE TREE HILL continues to grow and break new ground, the show enters its ninth season with close to 200 episodes under its belt. Last season in Tree Hill, there were a great number of changes -- both personal and professional -- including the momentous and captivating marriage of Brooke and Julian, a change of career for Nathan and more than one family welcoming new additions. Through it all, ONE TREE HILL continues to explore the delicate balance that contemporary young people face as they endeavor to build and define what their lives will be, while overcoming difficulties and embracing the good things that they sometimes take for granted. The series, now in its ninth season, continues to celebrate the most important things -- among them the quest for love, laughter, health, friends, career and family -- timeless pursuits that have always mattered, and matter still.
La Femme Nikita	Action	8.6	Framed for killing a cop, Nikita agrees to work for a secret government agency.
Law & Order	Drama	9.5	"In the criminal justice system, the people are represented by two separate, yet equally important, groups: the police, who investigate crime; and the district attorneys, who prosecute the offenders. These are their stories.""Law & Order" is one of the most successful and critically acclaimed series in the history of television. For over a decade this Emmy Award-winning series has presented the investigation and prosecution of cases ripped straight from today's headlines. Filmed entirely in and around New York City, this realistic yet fictional drama follows a crime, usually adapted from current headlines, from a dual perspective. The first half of the show concentrates on the investigation of the crime by the police, the second half follows the prosecution of the crime in court.
Star Wars: The Clone Wars (2008)	Action	10.0	The Clone Wars television series chronicles the events taking place between Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones and Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith. The Clone Wars will ultimately lead to the downfall of the Jedi and the rise of the Galactic Empire.
Deadwood	Drama	9.7	The outlaw camp of Deadwood marches slowly towards civilization, facing its first elections. But the power struggles continue over everything in Deadwood—influence, money, and whores—as the founding camp members form strategic alliances to face down the threat of a powerful newcomer, seeking to remake Deadwood in his image.
Ghost Whisperer	Fantasy	9.5	Ever since she was a young girl, Melinda Gordon has been able to see and talk to dead people--earth bound spirits who have yet to cross over to the other side and who seek her help in communicating and resolving unfinished business with the living. Melinda sometimes has a hard time accepting her "gift," especially now that she's a newlywed and looking forward to starting her new life with her husband, Jim Clancy, a paramedic. Her friend and business partner in the antique store, Andrea Moreno, is fascinated by Melinda's talent. Although Melinda embraces her unique "abilities" as a blessing and sometimes a curse, she always helps her clients--alive or dead--find emotional closure.
Gossip Girl	Drama	7.0	Six years after the first Gossip Girl blast rocked the Upper East Side and viewers at home, "Gossip Girl" returns for an unforgettable final season. Season six opens with the Upper East Siders working together to find one of their own. Serena has gone off the grid, beyond even the reach of Gossip Girl. Her friends fear for the worst and hope for the best, but even they can't imagine where they will ultimately find her.  Meanwhile, Blair has offered Chuck her heart, but is her love enough to help him win back his empire? Lonely Boy Danhas written a new book that promises to make even more trouble than the first, and this time he has no desire to remain anonymous. Nate is determined to finally reveal the true identity of Gossip Girl, thereby making a name for The Spectator and himself. Lily and Rufus turn on one another when Rufus makes a surprising new ally who threatens Lily and her family. Always ready with a scheme, Ivy is prepared to stir up trouble.  Anywhere else it would be too much drama to handle, but this is the Upper East Side. And when Bart Bass, Jack Bass and Georgina Sparks show up to raise hell, it's a fight to the spectacular series finale. Who comes out on top? That's one secret I'll never tell… xoxo, Gossip Girl.
Dharma & Greg	Comedy	6.0	When free-spirited yoga instructor Dharma Finkelstein meets conservative attorney Greg Montgomery, it's love at first sight. Unfortunately, there is absolutely no love in the air when Dharma's hippie parents and Greg's blue-blood establishment parents finally meet after their children have already married at a drive-thru chapel in Reno. With friends and family all suggesting that a quick annulment would be best, it's no surprise that the couple begins to second-guess their impulsive nuptials. But it's soon evident that nothing can stand in the way of true love!
NYPD Blue	Drama	7.0	The gritty details of life as a member of a New York City police unit.
Everybody Loves Raymond	Comedy	3.5	Standup comedian Ray Romano stars as Ray Barone, a successful sportswriter who deals with his brother and parents, who happen to live across the street. Patricia Heaton, Peter Boyle, Doris Roberts, and Brad Garrett round out the stellar cast.
CSI: Miami	Action	10.0	Inspired by the top-rated series "CSI: Crime Scene Investigation," CSI: MIAMI is a drama that follows a South Florida team of forensic investigators who use both cutting-edge scientific methods and old-fashioned police work to solve crimes. Horatio Caine, a former homicide detective, heads a group of investigators who work crimes amid the steamy tropical surroundings and cultural crossroads of Miami. His team includes Calleigh Duquesne, a bilingual Southern beauty with a specialty in ballistics; Eric Delko, an underwater recovery expert who knows all the twists and turns of the Florida waterways, and Ryan Wolfe, a former patrol officer who specializes in blood and trace evidence. Rounding out the team is Alexx Woods, the no-nonsense know-it-all coroner, and Natalia Boa Vista, the enigmatic DNA specialist. Helping Horatio with cases is Det. Frank Tripp, a tough yet thorough police officer. Together, these investigators collect and analyze the evidence to solve the crimes and to avenge those who cannot speak for themselves--the victims.
Fawlty Towers	Comedy	9.2	Fawlty Towers was famously inspired by a seethingly rude hotel proprietor John Cleese encountered whilst away filming with the Monty Python team. Unwittingly, Donald Sinclair became the blueprint for Basil Fawlty, the epitome of frustrated, social climbing middle-Englanders.
90210	Drama	6.0	The fifth season of "90210" will find the gang struggling with the biggest  issues of their lives. Having put their relatively carefree days at West Beverly behind them and launched themselves into adulthood, they will search for answers to their trials and tribulations with only their friendships to lean on.  They will experience new love and old flames, loyalties being challenged and shocking betrayals. Some friendships will be tested, others will be renewed and new people who will try to infiltrate the close circle of friends. There are some things money can't buy, even in 90210.
Raising Hope	Comedy	8.0	Raising Hope follows the Chances as the unexpected addition to their family becomes a toddler.
JAG	Drama	10.0	In this explosive hour-long dramatic adventure series, David James Elliot stars as Lieutenant Commander "Harm" Rabb, Jr., a brave, outstanding Navy Lawyer and officer in the Judge Advocate General (J.A.G.) Corps. His missions are to investigate and prosecute all crimes, accidents, acts of terrorism and espionage related to the Navy and Marine Corps.
The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air	Comedy	8.0	Will Smith plays a young man transplanted from the tough streets of Philadelphia to live with his wealthy Bel-Air relatives, causing everyone to adjust how they live and think.
Sliders	Action	8.3	Quinn, a brilliant grad student, has created a device that opens a wormhole to an infinite number of parallel universes where history has taken different paths. His first test trip goes awry, stranding his physics professor, Arturo , his friend, Wade, and bystander Rembrandt "Crying Man" Brown in parallel San Francisco. Now, this foursome of Sliders must travel from one alternate reality to another in the hope of somehow finding their way home.
Ghost Hunters	Action	7.5	Contact between humans and spirits from the afterlife is not as far-fetched as is it seems. As the leader of The Atlantic Paranormal Society (TAPS), Jason Hawes has made it his life's mission to help anyone with questions pertaining to paranormal phenomena and ghost hunting.
That '70s Show	Comedy	7.7	Crank up the 8-track and flash back to a time when platform shoes and puka shells were all the rage in this hilarious retro-sitcom. For Eric, Kelso, Jackie, Hyde, Donna and Fez, a group of high school teens who spend most of their time hanging out in Eric's basement, life in the ‘70s isn't always so groovy. But between trying to figure out the meaning of life, avoiding their parents, and dealing with out-of-control hormones, they've learned one thing for sure: they'll always get by with a little help from their friends.
NTSF:SD:SUV	Comedy	8.0	NTSF:SD:SUV:: (National Terrorism Strike Force: San Diego: Sport Utility Vehicle), is a clandestine team of government agents working together to protect San Diego from numerous terrorist threats coming in daily from such evil countries as Mexico, Canada and Guam. This team of highly trained operatives has only one job: saving your ass so you can drive your Prius and see your movies in 3-D without worrying about living in a country run by no-good terrorists. As with many other acronym-ed police procedurals that dominate the airwaves, NTSF:SD:SUV::'s season of 15-minute episodes is ripped from the headlines and full of suspense, action, drama, cliffhangers, yelling, passionate love-making, more yelling, death and plenty of pregnant pauses.
Bad Teacher	Comedy	4.0	Based on the hit feature film, BAD TEACHER stars Ari Graynor as an always inappropriate, fearless and unapologetic former trophy wife who masquerades as a teacher in order to find a new man after her wealthy husband leaves her penniless.
Pokémon The Series: XY	Anime	8.3	A Ten-year-old boy named Ash leaves his home to explore the world and become the greatest Pokémon trainer. In his travels he is joined by two friends, Misty and Brock, and his own Pokémon, Pikachu. Together, they search their world to find all 150 Pokémon while avoiding Team Rocket who are out to steal their Pokémon.
Murdoch Mysteries	Drama	9.0	Set in Toronto at the dawn of the 20th century, Murdoch Mysteries is a one-hour drama series that explores the intriguing world of William Murdoch, a methodical and dashing detective who pioneers innovative forensic techniques to solve some of the city's most gruesome murders. Murdoch's colleagues include the love of his life, coroner and psychiatrist Dr. Julia Ogden, a staunch ally who shares the detective's fascination for science; Constable George Crabtree, Murdoch's eager but sometimes naïve right-hand man; Inspector Brackenreid, Murdoch's skeptical yet reluctantly supportive boss; and coroner Dr. Emily Grace, Dr. Ogden's protégé.
Henry Danger	Comedy	none	Henry Danger follows the adventures of 13-year old Henry Hart whose life takes a wild turn when he gets selected by superhero Captain Man to be his apprentice. After promising to keep his new identity a secret, Henry must navigate a double life balancing the challenges of eighth grade with the crazy adventures of a crime fighter.
The Thundermans	Comedy	none	Phoebe and Max Thunderman are 14-year-old fraternal twins turbocharged by freeze breath and the power to move objects via telekinesis. Phoebe, a good-natured sister, always tries to do the right thing, while Max, a troublemaker, dreams of one day becoming a super villain. Brother Billy moves at super speed, while younger sister Nora cuts solid objects with her laser beam eyes. Rounding out the family are parents Hank, who possesses extraordinary strength and the ability to fly, and Barb, who can generate lightning from her hands. Ultimately, the family must attempt keep their powers under wraps and lead a "normal" life... but can life ever be "normal" in a family of superheroes?
The Real Housewives Of Atlanta	Drama	none	An up-close and personal look at life in Hotlanta, "The Real Housewives of Atlanta" follows five glamorous southern belles as they balance motherhood, demanding careers and a fast-paced social calendar, and shows what life is like in the most exclusive areas of Atlanta. These driven and ambitious women prove that they're not just "housewives," but entrepreneurs, doting mothers and classy southern women. These ladies show the world what it takes to live large in some of the hottest zip codes in the south.
Boston Legal	Comedy	10.0	Sometimes irreverent and funny, sometimes intense and moving, "Boston Legal" prides itself on being at the forefront of issue-oriented television, often addressing issues that are underreported by the media. Fast-paced and wildly comedic, the series confronts social and moral issues, while its characters continually stretch the boundaries of the law.
The Astronaut Wives Club	Drama	7.3	The Astronaut Wives Club is based on the book by Lily Koppel. This 10 episode limited series tells the story of the women who were key players behind some of the biggest events in American history.
Galavant	Action	7.6	Once upon a time, the dashing hero, Galavant, lost the love of his life, Madalena, to the evil King Richard. Now, our fallen hero is ready to take revenge and restore his "happily ever after." But it won't be without a few twists and turns along the way.
12 Monkeys	Action	8.2	Inspired by the classic blockbuster film, which commemorates its 20th anniversary next year, 12 Monkeys explores the provocative story of a time traveler from a decimated future in a high-stakes race against the clock. Utilizing a dangerous and untested method of time travel, he journeys from 2043 to the present day on a mission to locate and eradicate the source of a deadly plague that will all but annihilate the human race.
Sons of Liberty	Drama	10.0	The three-night, six-hour event follows a defiant and radical group of young men - Sam Adams, John Adams, Paul Revere, John Hancock and Dr. Joseph Warren - as they band together in secrecy to change the course of history and make America a nation. The Sons of Liberty sparked a revolution, the cast depicting them includes: Ben Barnes as Sam Adams, a natural born leader with charisma and a penchant for mischief; Ryan Eggold as Dr. Joseph Warren, a doctor and man of conscience and integrity; Michael Raymond-James as Paul Revere, a veteran who wholeheartedly joins forces with Sam Adams; Rafe Spall as John Hancock, the wealthiest man in Boston at the time; and Henry Thomas as John Adams, a lawyer and the conservative, smart cousin of Sam Adams. Additionally, Marton Csokas plays the ferocious General Thomas Gage who is sent to handle the colonial unrest in Boston; Emily Berrington as Margaret Gage; Jason O'Mara as General George Washington and Dean Norris as the brilliant yet mischievous diplomat Benjamin Franklin.
Allegiance	Drama	7.6	Alex O'Connor, a young idealistic CIA analyst specializing in Russian affairs, learns a shocking secret and his close-knit, affluent family is about to be split apart when its revealed that his parents, Mark and Katya are covert Russian spies deactivated decades ago. But today the Kremlin has re-enlisted them into service as they plan a terrorist operation inside the U.S. border that will bring America to its knees. Years ago, Russian-born Katya was tasked by the KGB to recruit American businessman Mark O'Connor as a spy -- and the two fell in love. A deal was struck: As long as Katya remained an asset for Russia, and it was agreed that her services could be called on in the future, she would be allowed to marry Mark and move to America. After years in America building a happy life and without word from Moscow, they thought they had escaped. Now it seems that the new Mother Russia has one more mission - turning Alex into a spy. For these anguished parents, the choice is clear: Betray their country or risk their family.
Better Call Saul	Drama	8.6	Better Call Saul is the prequel to the award-winning series Breaking Bad, set six years before Saul Goodman became Walter White's lawyer. When we meet him, the man who will become Saul Goodman is known as Jimmy McGill, a small-time lawyer searching for his destiny, and, more immediately, hustling to make ends meet. Working alongside, and often against, Jimmy is "fixer" Mike Ehrmantraut, a beloved character introduced in Breaking Bad. The series will track Jimmy's transformation into Saul Goodman, the man who puts "criminal" in "criminal lawyer.
Outlaw Country	Drama	none	Set in the town of Buckner, Missouri, "Outlaw Country" chronicles the perennial battle between law enforcement and crime by following Steve and Mike Cook, brothers who act as Sheriff and head of the Buckner Criminal Task Force, respectively, as they clash with John and Josh Monk, brothers they suspect are responsible for the town's surge in crime. In this one hour docudrama, producers were given full access to both the police force and the Monk Brothers' camp, providing an unprecedented look at crime in a small town from both sides of the law.
The Last Man On Earth	Comedy	6.9	The single-camera comedy chronicles the life and adventures of an average guy - and humanity's last hope - who discovers what life is like when no one is telling you what you can and cannot do.
Backstrom	Drama	7.6	The series follows Detective EVERETT BACKSTROM, an unhealthy, offensive, irascible - albeit brilliant - detective who sees the worst in everyone, and he's usually right.
Hindsight	Drama	6.0	What if you could go back in time and do it all over again? What would you do differently?We meet Becca on the eve of her second wedding. It all seems perfect this time around, but she is still plagued by doubt. What if she could fix everything, and make the 'right' choices this time? Becca finds herself thinking about her former best friend Lolly with whom she had a falling out many years ago. If only she could talk to her once again... Suddenly, after a freakish elevator ride, Becca gets the opportunity to do just that as she wakes up in New York City on the morning of her first wedding day in 1995. She's about to marry Sean, a bad-boy artist who is all wrong for her - and she knows her first move must be to reconnect with Lolly to re-live that day. Can she 'make it right' by living her life all over while readapting to life in New York City in the 90's - a time of smoking in bars, carrying pagers, having an AOL email address? Becca will soon discover there's no sure-fire way to make the right choices in life - even knowing everything she thinks she knows now.
A.D. The Bible Continues	Drama	6.5	In the follow-up to the eye-opening success of "The Bible" miniseries on History, the 12-hour miniseries "A.D." - from producers Mark Burnett and Roma Downey - will look at the lives that were instantly altered following the death of Christ. His disciples, mother Mary and key political religious leaders at the time saw their world turned upside down and their lives forever altered. Beginning at that fateful moment of the Crucifixion and the Resurrection, part two of the greatest story ever told will focus on the disciples who had to go forward and disseminate the teachings of Christ to a world dominated by political unrest and the start of a whole new religion that would dramatically reshape the history of the world.
Dig	Action	7.3	An action thriller, DIG tells the story of a murder mystery set against the backdrop of modern day Jerusalem, a city shrouded in ancient intrigue. FBI agent Peter Connelly has had his fair share of heartbreak. Anxious to leave his personal demons behind, Peter takes a job stationed in Israel under the guidance of his new boss, and occasional lover, Lynn Monahan. When he sets out to solve the murder of a young American, Peter soon finds himself embroiled in an international mystery that delves into the Holy Land's darkest secrets. What he discovers is a conspiracy thousands of years in-the -making that threatens to change the course of history. While Peter races to figure out what it all means, he quickly finds that he may not be the only one searching for answers.
Ascension	Drama	8.1	"Ascension" is an ambitious original drama following a covert U.S. space mission launched in the 1960's that sent hundreds of men, women and children on a century-long voyage aboard the starship Ascension to populate a new world. Half way into their journey, as they approach the point of no return, the mysterious murder of a young woman causes the ship's population to question the true nature of their mission. The series stars Brandon P. Bell as the confident and capable First Officer Aaron Gault, Brian Van Holt as the eponymous ship's Captain William Denninger, and Tricia Helfer as Viondra Denninger, the captain's beautiful, manipulative and dangerous wife (who also serves as the ship's Chief Steward). Joining Bell, Van Holt and Helfer are Tiffany Lonsdale as Chief Astronomer Emily Vanderhaus, Andrea Roth as the ship's head doctor Juliet Bryce, Jacqueline Byers as her daughter, Nora Bryce, and P.J. Boudousqué as Nora's love interest, James Toback.
Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce	Drama	none	The series follows Abby, a newly single self-help book author, who embarks on the next chapter of her life and finds herself seeking advice from her divorced friends Lyla, played by Janeane Garofalo and Phoebe, played by Beau Garrett.
In Love with Hitler	War	none	This is Adolf Hitler as we've never seen him before — through the eyes of his mistress, Eva Braun. From 1937 to 1944, Braun shot a series of remarkable amateur movies that take us into the inner sanctum of the Third Reich — Hitler's chalet, the Berghof, the veritable decision center of the Nazi regime.
Hitler the Junkie	Drama	none	This hard-hitting and in-depth special examines the medications Hitler was taking, how much he took and how often, and whether drugs played a role in his behavior and actions.
The Red Tent	Drama	none	The Red Tent is a sweeping tale that takes place during the times of the Old Testament, told through the eyes of Dinah, the daughter of Leah and Jacob. Airing over two nights, the all-star cast includes Academy Award, Golden Globe and Emmy nominee Minnie Driver, Emmy nominee Morena Baccarin, Golden Globe nominee Rebecca Ferguson Iain Glen, Will Tudor and Academy Award, Golden Globe and Emmy nominee Debra Winger. The miniseries begins with Dinah's happy childhood spent inside the red tent where the women of her tribe gather and share the traditions and turmoil of ancient womanhood. The film recounts the story of Dinah's mothers Leah Rachel, Zilpah and Bilhah, the four wives of Jacob. Dinah matures and experiences an intense love that subsequently leads to a devastating loss, and the fate of her family is forever changed. Winger portrays Rebecca, Jacob's mother while Tudor stars as Joseph, Dinah's brother.
Ally Mcbeal	Drama	7.6	Meet Ally McBeal, a single lawyer both blessed and cursed with eccentric colleagues, a now-married-to-someone-else childhood sweetheart, and an incredibly overactive imagination that's working overtime!
Spin City	Comedy	9.0	Spin City is a smart, sophisticated ABC sitcom about the behind-the-scenes workings of City Hall in the biggest city in America. Workaholic Mike Flaherty is the Deputy Mayor of New York City, serving as Mayor Randall Winston's key strategist and much-needed handler. Mike runs the city with the help of his oddball staff: an anxiousand insecure press secretary; a sexist, boorish chief of staff; an impeccably groomed gay activist running minority affairs; a sharp and efficient, man-crazy accountant; and an idealistic young speechwriter. Like Mike, they are all professionally capable but personally challenged.
Spooks	Adventure	9.3	Tense drama series about the different challenges faced by the British Security Service as they work against the clock to safeguard the nation.
Crossbones	Drama	6.5	It's 1715 on the Bahamian island of Santa Campana, the first functioning democracy in the Americas, where the diabolical pirate Edward Teach, a.k.a. Blackbeard, reigns over a rogue nation of thieves, outlaws and miscreant sailors. Part shantytown, part marauder's paradise, this is a place like no other on earth - and a mounting threat to international commerce. To gain control of this fearsome society, Tom Lowe, a highly skilled undercover assassin, is sent to the buccaneers' haven to take down the brilliant and charismatic Blackbeard. But the closer Lowe gets, the more he finds that his quest is not so simple. Lowe can't help but admire the political ideals of Blackbeard, whose thirst for knowledge knows no bounds - and no law. But Lowe is not the only danger to Blackbeard's rule. He is a man with many villainous rivals and one great weakness - a passionately driven woman whom he cannot deny.
Torchwood	Drama	8.3	Science-fiction drama created by Russell T Davies. Torchwood is a team of people whose job is to investigate the unusual, the strange and the extraterrestrial.
Joey	Comedy	6.5	Multiple Emmy, Golden Globe and SAG Award nominee Matt LeBlanc reprises his 'Friends' role as charming and still-single Joey, who has struck out on his own and moved to Hollywood, hoping to truly make it as an actor. Joey says goodbye to a time when his friends were his family and welcomes the chance to turn his family into his friends. After reuniting with his high-strung sister Gina a strong and sexy hairdresser, Joey moves in with her genius 20-year-old son, graduate student Michael who literally is a rocket scientist. What Joey lacks in book smarts, however, he more than makes up for with his people skills, making him the best new friend his nephew could ask for.
Leverage	Action	8.7	Leverage is a slick and crafty drama following a team of expert thieves that take down corrupt corporations in elaborate high-tech schemes. Insurance investigator Nate Ford (Academy Award-winner Timothy Hutton) exposed scams and recovered stolen items worth millions. But his life hit the skids when his insurance company allowed his ailing 8-year-old son to die. Years later, Nate gets even as the leader of a specialized team of thieves, computer experts and con artists that right corporate and governmental injustices against honest citizens. To expose corruption, Nate will do wrong for all the right reasons –– he will provide Leverage.
The Shield	Drama	9.2	Detective Vic Mackey is the leader of an elite Strike Team unit, a group of cops effective at eliminating crime but also operating under Vic's own set of rules. But his rules sometimes cross the fine line between legal and illegal. Now the precinct has a new captain who doesn't like Vic's tactics and wants to bust him off the force - even as the captain finds himself going to Vic for help whenever the going gets rough.
M*A*S*H	Comedy	9.0	Loosely based on real-life MASH unit 8055, life at the 4077 revolved around the day-to-day routines of Captain "Hawkeye" Pierce, Captain "Trapper" McIntyre, Lieutenant Colonel Henry Blake, Major Margaret Houlihan, Major Franklin Burns and Corporal "Radar" O'Reilly. Through these characters, viewers traveled beyond the long hours and the horrors of the operating room to a place where friendships were forged, laughter was found and drinks were served.
Burn Notice	Drama	8.6	Burn Notice stars Jeffrey Donovan as Michael Westen, a blacklisted spy who finds himself stranded in sun-soaked Miami. The action-packed season four commences with a new counterintelligence expert, Jesse Garcia, played by Coby Bell who loves to fight bad guys just as much as Michael does. Heating up the night with our hot undercover agent are Fiona the beautiful ex-IRA operative and ex-girlfriend of Michael; Sam our favorite washed-up military intelligence muscle; and Michael's mother, who is one tough cookie herself.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	Action	none	Leo, Donnie, Raph and Mikey are mutant turtles who have been trained in the art of ninjutsu by their rat sensei, Master Splinter. Emerging from their sewer lair, the reptile brothers confront the wondrous world of New York City, facing villains more dangerous and pizza more delicious than anything they could have imagined.Through battles with Shredder, the Kraang and loads of super-powerful mutants, the Turtles learn to rely on themselves and each other as they grow to become the heroes they are destined to be.
In The Flesh	Drama	7.8	Set after a zombie uprising, treated zombies are rehabilitated back into society.
Luther	Drama	8.9	Crime drama series starring Idris Elba as Luther, a near-genius murder detective whose brilliant mind can't always save him from the dangerous violence of his passions
Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes	Action	none	When the planet is threatened by Super Villains, time-traveling conquerors, alien invaders, mythical monsters or mad robots bent on the total destruction of humanity; when the forces of evil are so overwhelming that no single hero has the power to save the world; when there is no hope left, the AVENGERS ASSEMBLE!
Phineas and Ferb	Comedy	none	Phineas and Ferb make the most of their summer by creating fun everyday, while their pet platypus moonlights as a secret agent!
Roswell	Drama	7.7	Opening with a Dido theme song and featuring character-driven, sweet-natured melodrama, Roswell was a show with a surprisingly dedicated fandom, who twice won it reprieve from cancellation. One of its main strengths was, of course, the extent to which its premise--alien teenagers trying to sort out their identities while emotionally involved with their human contemporaries--was a free-floating metaphor for race and sexuality issues. Another was the strong ensemble that its cast developed: you believed in the strangeness of the alien trio and the well-intentioned normality of their three human friends. Jason Behr gave the alien Max a quiet authority and Majendra Delfino took the sidekick role of Maria and gave it both intensity and fine comic timing. It was also a show in which you were never sure which adults you could trust--William Sadleir trod a fine line of ambiguity as the local sheriff and Julie Benz was silkily sinister as an FBI agent.
Ancient Aliens	Science-Fiction	6.5	"Ancient Aliens" explores the controversial theory that extraterrestrials have visited Earth for millions of years. From the age of the dinosaurs to ancient Egypt, from early cave drawings to continued mass sightings in the US, each episode in this hit History series gives historic depth to the questions, speculations, provocative controversies, first-hand accounts and grounded theories surrounding this age old debate. Did intelligent beings from outer space visit Earth thousands of years ago?
Sex and the City	Drama	8.5	A candid, comic view of sex and relationships, Sex and the City stars Sarah Jessica Parker as Carrie Bradshaw, a New York-based writer who explores and experiences the unique world of Manhattan's dating scene, chronicling the mating habits of single New Yorkers. Executive produced by Michael Patrick King, the series also stars cast regulars Kim Cattral as PR executive Samantha Jones, who's seen – and done – it all; Kristin David as Charlotte York, still trying to hold on to the idea of happily ever after; and Cynthia Nixson as a corporate lawyer and mother Miranda Hobbes, a pragmatist trying to balance the idea of love with the realities of life.
Rome	Drama	8.5	Four hundred years after the founding of the Republic, Rome is the wealthiest city in the world. The Republic was founded on principals of shared power, never allowing one man to seize absolute control. But now, those foundations are crumbling...and two soldiers unwittingly become entwined in the historical events of ancient Rome. A drama of love and betrayal, masters and slaves, husbands and wives, Rome chronicles a turbulent era that saw the death of a republic and the birth of an empire.
My Name Is Earl	Comedy	8.6	Karma is a funny thing. Just ask Earl who's learning the hard way that when you do something bad, it has a way of coming back and biting you in the ass! Hoping to turn his life around, Earl's got a lengthy list of detestable deeds to make up for.
Airwolf	Action	7.8	Keep your eyes to the skies for non-stop action as the complete Season One of Airwolf soars on to DVD for the first time ever! Jan-Michael Vincent stars as Stringfellow Hawke, a reclusive renegade pilot who's assigned to top-secret missions for the CIA by the mysterious "Archangel". Hawke's weapon of choice is the high-tech battle helicopter of the future, Airwolf. Loaded with cutting-edge surveillance equipment and unbelievable firepower, Airwolf takes Hawke and his friend Dominic around the globe in search of dangerous international spies and criminals.
Robot Chicken	Comedy	9.3	From creators Seth Green and Matthew Senreich, 'Robot Chicken' is stop-motion animation with a demented twist.
Manhattan	Drama	8.0	Set in Los Alamos, N.M., at the Manhattan Project during the race to build the world's first atomic bomb, "Manhattan" explores the cost of secrets and the corrosive effect they have on individuals, families and their relationships.
Young Justice	Comedy	8.3	Animated series about a squad of teenage superheroes from the DC Comics universe.
Monty Python's Flying Circus	Comedy	9.5	And now for something completely different: Monty Python's Flying Circus was simply the most influential comedy program television has ever seen. Five Englishmen, all working under the constraints of conventional TV shows such as The Frost Report (for which the five Englishmen wrote), gathered together with an expatriate American in the spring of 1969 to break the rules. The result, first airing on BBC-1 on October 5, 1969, has influenced countless future men and women in the media and comedy since.
Durarara!!	Drama	9.0	Mikado Ryugamine is a young man who yearns for the city like no other. At the invitation of his childhood friend, Masaomi Kida, he moves to Ikebukuro, Tokyo and enters school there.
The X Factor	Music	1.0	Thousands audition. Only one can win. The search is on for the next singing Superstar. The X Factor is a talent show in which the participants have to audition before a jury.
Marco Polo	Action	8.3	In a world replete with greed, betrayal, sexual intrigue and rivalry, "Marco Polo" is based on the famed explorer's adventures in Kublai Khan's court in 13th century China.
Shaun the Sheep	Comedy	10.0	Shaun the Sheep, Bitzer and the flock are always getting into mischief on the farm in this animated comedy. You'd be Baahmy not to join the fun!
Teen Titans Go!	Action	none	This character-driven comedy series focuses on the funny that happens in between saving the world and living together as teenagers without adult supervision. The comedic mayhem of the animated series is punctuated by pranks and the occasional need to fight crime, but it will also deal with the everyday issues of adolescence. With epic staring contests to decide who does the laundry, a series of quests and battles to construct the perfect sandwich or fighting crime in Jump City, one thing is for sure, these Titans will always be ready for an adventure inside the house and out.
Sofia the First	Family	none	Sofia is a about a little girl, a commoner, until her mom marries the king and suddenly she's royalty.
Lilyhammer	Drama	9.0	Lilyhammer follows New York mobster Frank "The Fixer" Tagliano as he enters the federal witness protection program after ratting on his boss. A sports fan, Frank wants to make his new life in Lillehammer, the Norwegian town that hosted the 1994 Winter Olympics - or as he calls it "Lilyhammer." Frank has visions of a paradise of "clean air, fresh white snow and gorgeous broads" far away from the temptations of the Big Apple and from mob hit men. Reality, of course, turns out to be spectacularly different.
Mickey Mouse Clubhouse	Comedy	none	CG animation featuring Mickey Mouse and his pals in stories designed to teach basic math skills, such as problem-solving, adding and matching.
SpongeBob SquarePants	Comedy	none	A chipper sea sponge and his nautical neighbors make waves in the deep-sea city of Bikini Bottom in this clever and playful kiddie cartoon aimed at preschoolers. SpongeBob's acquaintances include goofy starfish Patrick, cheerful squirrel Sandy Cheeks (who lives in an air bubble) and grouchy Squidward.
Star Trek: Enterprise	Action	7.6	Star Trek: Enterprise (ENT) focuses on the 22nd century adventures of Captain Jonathan Archer aboard the Enterprise NX-01 during the early days of interstellar travel. The NX designation indicates that this Enterprise is an experimental prototype; Archer's ship is Earth's first vessel designed for long-range exploration of the galaxy. Prior to the development of warp engines that could reach a velocity of warp 5, missions of this nature were impossible. At warp 2, only a handful of inhabited planets were within a year's travel from Earth. But at warp 5, that number increases to ten thousand planets! It is Archer's job to visit as many of those worlds as he can. At 190 meters long, the NX-01 is a bit smaller than Kirk's Enterprise, and carries a crew complement of just eighty-three men and women, all human, with the exception of the Vulcan science officer and the Denobulan doctor. Unlike the starships of the four other Star Trek series, this Enterprise doesn't have deflector shields or phasers, but it does come equipped with a phase cannon and a rudimentary transporter that functions efficiently most of the time.
Spartacus	Action	9.2	Betrayed by his country. Beaten into slavery. Reborn as a warrior. Spartacus: Blood and Sand is a graphic and visceral account of Romes most famous gladiator. When he is separated from the love of his life, Spartacus is forced into the gruesome and bloodthirsty arena, where a grisly death is primetime entertainment. Spartacus must fight for survival, befriend his enemies and play politics in this new world of corruption, violence, sex and fame. He will be seduced by power and tormented by vengeance. But his passion will give him the strength to prevail over every obstacle, in this modern and uninhibited tale of death, honour and endurance.
Quantum Leap	Action	8.8	Get ready to join Dr. Sam Beckett on the adventure of many lifetimes! Who will he be this time? Mafia hit man. Air Force test pilot. Professional boxer. Sam does it all in Season One of the groundbreaking, 5-time Emmy award-winning series.Scott Bakula plays Sam Beckett, a time traveler who never knows whose body he is going to "leap" into next and at what moment in history he may find himself. Sam is joined by a helpful but easily distracted holographic guide, Al (Dean Stockwell) who assists him on his missions and aids Sam in his ultimate goal of returning to his own life in the present.
Rules of Engagement	Comedy	none	A comedy that follows two couples and a single guy as they navigate the jungles of dating, engagement and marriage.
The Golden Girls	Comedy	10.0	An Emmy Award winner for Outstanding Comedy Series in its very first year, THE GOLDEN GIRLS has become a landmark in television history and an all-time fan favorite. Beatrice Arthur, Rue McClanahan, Betty White, and Estelle Getty star as four South Florida seniors sharing a house, their dreams, and a whole lot of cheesecake. Bright, promiscuous, clueless, and hilarious, these lovely mismatched ladies form the perfect circle of friends.
Atlantis	Action	none	With voiceover from Tom Conti, the film tells the story of Yishharu, an apprentice bull-leaper who has recently returned to Thera from Crete with his new wife, Pinaruti. They discover that Thera is beset by earthquakes and volcanic activity. Over the course of the story, the volcano erupts, throwing out ash and molten lava, and destroying the island. Although the couple survive the first stages of the disaster they are separated after Yishharu is left behind when Pinaruti and other islanders escape by boat. The nearby island of Crete is then engulfed by a giant tsunami which was triggered by the eruption, and Pinaruti is washed up on the shore of a nearby island. ...Atlantis: End of a World, Birth of a Legend.
WWII in HD	Drama	none	WWII in HD is the first-ever World War II documentary presented in full, immersive HD color. Culled from thousands of hours of lost and rare color archival footage gathered from a worldwide search through basements and archives, WWII in HD will change the way the world sees this defining conflict. Using footage never before seen by most Americans–converted to HD for unprecedented clarity—viewers will experience the war as if they were actually there, surrounded by the real sights and sounds of the battlefields. Along the way they'll meet a diverse group of soldiers whose wartime diaries and journals show in visceral detail what the war was really like.This visually astonishing landmark series presents the story of World War II through the eyes of 12 Americans who experienced the war firsthand. Viewers will hear the story of Army nurse June Wandrey, who served from the beginning of the war in North Africa to the liberation of the camps in Germany. They will meet Shelby Westbrook, a young African American from Toledo, who became a member of the famed Tuskegee Airmen; Jimmie Kanaya, the son of Japanese immigrants, who served in the U.S. Army and was imprisoned in Europe; and Jack Werner, a Jewish émigré who escaped from Austria before the war and wound up fighting not against Hitler and the hated Nazis, but in the Pacific Theater.
Casualty	Drama	none	Drama series about the staff and patients at Holby City Hospital's emergency department, charting the ups and downs in their personal and professional lives.
Fresh Off the Boat	Comedy	5.8	A Taiwanese family deal with culture shock after moving from Washington, D.C., to Orlando during the '90s.
The Whispers	Drama	6.6	An unseen alien force has figured this human weakness out. They have invaded earth and are using our most unlikely resource to achieve world domination – our children
Battle Creek	Drama	7.9	A series about two mismatched law enforcement officers whose polar opposite views of the world and crime-solving breed frustration, disdain and humor as they clean up the hardscrabble streets of Battle Creek, Mich.
CSI: Cyber	Drama	7.3	CSI: CYBER is a drama inspired by the advanced technological work of real-life Cyber Psychologist Mary Aiken. Special Agent Avery Ryan heads the Cyber Crime Division of the FBI, a unit at the forefront of solving illegal activities that start in the mind, live online and play out in the real world. While other FBI agents search for criminals in dark homes and alleys, Ryan and her team search the "dark net," a place deep in the bowels of the Web where criminals are anonymous, money is untraceable and where everything is for sale with just a keystroke.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	Comedy	none	Terrapin martial artists battle a global criminal group, The Foot, led by their arch nemesis The Shredder, who's in league with a technological madman, Baxter Stockman.
The Odd Couple	Comedy	4.0	THE ODD COUPLE stars Matthew Perry as endearing slob Oscar Madison and Thomas Lennon as uptight neat freak Felix Unger, two former college buddies who become unlikely roommates after the demise of their marriages.
Zoo	Drama	7.5	Zoo is set amidst a wave of violent animal attacks sweeping across the planet. A young renegade scientist is thrust into a race to unlock the mystery behind this pandemic before time runs out for animals and humans alike.
The Bachelorette	Family	1.0	ABC's hit romantic reality series, "The Bachelorette", will kick off its 11th season continuing the surprises of this season's "Bachelor" with the biggest one of all: there will be two Bachelorettes: the charming, charismatic beauty, Britt Nilsson, who captivated Chris Soules and the rest of Bachelor Nation with a memorable hug on that first night at the Bachelor mansion, and Kaitlyn Bristowe, the gorgeous, fun-loving, warm-hearted, but irreverent firecracker who let down her guard only to have her heart crushed. Who will the men prefer? Eventually, only one woman will be left to hand out the final rose.
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills	Drama	none	The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills offers a glimpse inside the world of luxurious wealth and pampered privilege, where being seen and who you know is everything. These women are in the center of it all and they have the mansions, the cars, and the diamonds to prove it. From heiresses to entrepreneurs to a family of child actresses - they deliver the star power and the drama.
Shameless	Drama	none	Paul Abbott's critically acclaimed, offbeat drama about the rollercoaster lives and loves of the dysfunctional Gallagher clan.
Naked And Afraid	Drama	6.0	Each week, a new pair of complete and total strangers - one man and one woman - will find themselves stranded in and, quite literally, exposed to one of the world's most extreme weather environments. This duo will be left high and dry with no food, no water... and no clothes. They must survive on their own for a full 21 days, with nothing but one personal item each and the knowledge that the only prize is their pride and sense of accomplishment.
Oz	Drama	9.5	HBO's violent men-behind-bars drama is an addictive, testosterone-driven soap opera for guys. The eight episodes of the first season set the style for the show: a massive cast of a vivid characters on both sides of the bars, four or five stories unleashed at a breakneck pace and framed by angry, oddball introductions, and a soaring casualty rate. Created by Homicide producer Tom Fontana, this drama quickly earned its rightful reputation as the most brutal show on TV. It's simple chemistry: combine volatile ingredients in a confined space, shut tight, and shake.
CSI: NY	Action	8.0	A third installment in Jerry Bruckheimer's hit crime-procedural franchise focuses on New York forensic investigator Mac Taylor and his team.
The Real Housewives of New York City	Drama	none	The series will feature an elite and powerful set of New York socialites as they juggle their careers and home lives with busy calendars packed with charity fund-raising galas, the social whirl of the Hamptons, and interviews for elite private schools. These driven and ambitious women show everyone what it takes to make it in the upper echelon of society, where money and status are an essential way of life.
Kill la Kill	Action	7.0	After 6 years since their collaboration on the ground breaking anime series, ‘Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann,' Hiroyuki Imaishi and Kazuki Nakashima are back to shock the world! Ryuko Matoi is a vagrant school girl traveling from place to place searching for clues to the truth behind her father's death—the ‘woman with the scissor blade.' The journey has led Ryuko to Honnouji Academy.
Batman: The Animated Series	Action	8.8	Experience the thrills of vigilante justice as millionaire playboy Bruce Wayne and alter-ego Batman protect the streets of Gotham City from a host of villains including archnemesis The Joker, deadly-beautiful Poison Ivy and primitive Killer Croc in a fresh take on super hero storytelling. Intelligent, dramatic stories, unique characters and sharp dialog shaped this edgy TV series into an Emmy®-winning powerhouse that brought the Caped Crusader out of the dark alleys of TV history and into the present for fans of all ages.
Miami Vice	Drama	8.0	The cops. The cars. The clothes. Miami Vice: Season One is the explosive, groundbreaking detective show that redefined the word "cool." Set against the seamy and steamy Miami underworld, ride shotgun with suave Vice cops Sonny Crockett and Rico Tubbs as they battle a never-ending gallery of criminals. Set to an electrifying soundtrack of rock legends, including Glenn Frey, Phil Collins, U2 and Peter Gabriel, every episode crackles with excitement and stylish flair.
Teen Titans	Action	8.5	Five teen superheroes led by Robin the Boy Wonder team up to protect Earth from a new generation of villains. His partners are Starfire, an alien who can fly; Cyborg, a half-human, half-robot with great strength; Raven, an introvert with telekinetic powers; and Beast Boy, who can change into any ki.
Doctor Who (1963)	Action	8.0	Doctor Who is the longest-running science fiction TV series in history, airing initially from 1963 to 1989. Doctor Who is about ideas. It pioneered sophisticated mixed-level storytelling. Its format was the key to its longevity: the Doctor, a mysterious traveller in space and time, travels in his ship, the TARDIS. The TARDIS can take him and his companions anywhere in time and space. Inevitably he finds evil at work wherever he goes..
Planet Earth	Adventure	9.0	David Attenborough celebrates the amazing variety of the natural world in this epic documentary series, filmed over four years across 64 different countries.
Better Off Ted	Comedy	10.0	"Better Off Ted" is a satirical office comedy about successful good guy, Ted Crisp, who runs research and development at Veridian Dynamics, a company with a morally questionable approach to its employees. Whether it's standing by a memo with a typo that encourages employees to now (as opposed to not) use offensive language with each other, to championing interoffice dating based on DNA matching to save money on health care, Veridian is a company that puts its bottom line first and employees last. Ted's a single dad to a seven year old girl, and he loves his job, but he's starting to take a closer look at the company's extremely dubious practices.
Royal Pains	Drama	8.3	Royal Pains centers on young doctor Hank Lawson who seems to have it all ... thriving career, beautiful girlfriend, and swank NYC apartment. With one fateful and principled decision in the ER, Hank loses it all. Months later, single and blackballed from the medical community, Hank goes for a weekend in the Hamptons with his best friend. Crashing a party at a mega-mansion on the beach, Hank jumps into action when a guest requires medical attention that only he is able to diagnose. The next morning, Hank is summoned to another mansion. And then another. Hank's career is revived, but in a way he's not exactly happy about, as he becomes the on-call doctor for the rich, famous and infamous. Anyone who's anyone in the Hamptons has a lawyer on retainer. Now meet the newest accessory - the concierge doctor.
Cold Case	Drama	10.0	Cold Case is a drama about Lilly Rush, an enigmatic and highly effective detective on the Philadelphia Homicide Squad. Rush's instinctive understanding of the criminal mind and her singular passion for uncovering the truth makes her the perfect fit for investigating cold cases, yester-crimes that have remained unsolved - some only a few months old, others going back decades. Rush and her team use their wits to take on aging evidence and witnesses with buried secrets, uncovering fresh clues, digging into old wounds and doggedly pursuing the truth.
Medium	Drama	9.7	In this haunting drama series from executive producer Glenn Gordon Caron ("Moonlighting") inspired by real life research medium Allison DuBois, Patricia Arquette ("Stigmata," "Flirting with Disaster") stars as a strong-willed mother of three who has struggled since childhood to make sense of her visions of dead people. Hoping to prove to Allison that her dreams are stress induced, her scientist husband, Joe (Jake Weber, "U-571"), sends descriptions of Allison's visions to a number of law enforcement agencies, expecting nothing to come of it. To his surprise, one of Allison's dreams bears an eerie similarity to a Texas homicide case involving a 17-year-old murder suspect. The case pits Allison against Capt. Kenneth Push (guest star Arliss Howard), a cynical Texas Ranger who is suspicious of her psychic abilities. By the end of the investigation, Capt. Push has a new respect for Allison - and she makes a life-altering decision of her own. Miguel Sandoval stars as series regular D.A. Devalos. Sofia Vassilieva and Maria Lark also star as the DuBois children.
The Cleveland Show	Comedy	7.0	Everyone's favorite soft-spoken neighbor, Cleveland Brown, is on the move after he decides it's time for him and Cleveland Jr. to leave Quahog and go west. On their way to California, the duo makes a pit stop in Cleveland's hometown of Stoolbend, VA, where he reunites with his old high school crush, Donna Tubbs. Although she comes with baggage in the form of a rebellious teenage daughter and a sharp-tongued 5-year-old son, Cleveland is still in love with Donna and is determined to start a new lif.
The O.C.	Drama	8.0	A slick hit about a troubled L.A. teen taken in by an idealistic lawyer and his family in affluent Orange County. The series filled the youth-soap hole left by the departed '90210,' but quickly proved itself far more gritty---and witty. In addition, early plots set up an appealing balance between the kids and grown-ups, who were portrayed as real people with real problems, instead of sounding boards for the unblemished Romeos and Juliets.
Hannah Montana	Comedy	none	A pop singer moves to Malibu, Cal., where she keeps her celebrity status under wraps as she tries to maintain some semblance of a 'normal' life among her new schoolmates.
Army Wives	Drama	none	"Army Wives" follows the struggles, dreams and friendships of a diverse group of women—and one man—living with their spouses and families on an active Army post.
Flashpoint	Action	10.0	Flashpoint is a drama which depicts the emotional journey into the tough, risk-filled lives of a group of cops in the SRU (inspired by Toronto's Emergency Task Force). It's a unique unit that rescues hostages, busts gangs, defuses bombs, climbs the sides of buildings and talks down suicidal teens. Members of a highly-skilled tactical team, they're also trained in negotiating, profiling and getting inside the suspect's head to diffuse the situation to try and save lives.
Friday Night Lights	Drama	9.3	In the town of Dillon, Texas, football is life, and no one knows that better than new head Coach Eric Taylor (Kyle Chandler). Pressure mounts as the Dillon Panthers, led by star quarterback Jason Street (Scott Porter), enter pre-season surrounded by a swirl of press, recruiters, and State Championship sized expectations. Backup quarterback Matt Saracen (Zach Gilford) prepares to ride the bench in the shadow of Jason Street, as running back Tim Riggins (Taylor Kitsch) struggles with a serious vice. As the season opener grows near, the town of Dillon is focused on what they believe to be most important, winning.
Gunsmoke	Western	none	Marshall Matt Dillon is responsible for keeping the law and respectability in Dodge City in this western action-drama. Gunsmoke captured the courage, character and spirit of the Western Frontier.
Law & Order: Criminal Intent	Drama	9.5	"In New York City's war on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad. These are their stories.""Law & Order: Criminal Intent", produced by Wolf Films and Universal Cable Productions, created and executive produced by Emmy Award-winning producer Dick Wolf, was developed by René Balcer. Shot entirely in and around New York City, the third installment of the "Law & Order" franchise takes viewers deep into the minds of its criminals while following the intense psychological approaches the Major Case Squad uses to solve its crimes. The plot revolves around Detectives Robert Goren (Vincent D'Onofrio) and Alexandra Eames (Kathryn Erbe)."Law & Order: Criminal Intent" is a Wolf Films production in association with Universal Cable Productions.
The Twilight Zone	Horror	9.4	A groundbreaking series by Rod Serling, this half-hour anthology featured tales of the strange, the macabre, and the unusual. Some were science fiction, some were supernatural, and some defied easy categorization.This five-season series is best known for its twist endings. Many of the stories were written by Serling himself, others were crafted by Richard Matheson, Charles Beaumont, Earl Hammer Jr., and Ray Bradbury,
Merlin	Adventure	8.0	Fantasy drama based on the legend of King Arthur and Merlin.
The Unit	Drama	9.6	The Unit is a covert Special Forces team that does not exist. Their cover is the 303rd logistical studies group. They are assigned covert military operations by the President and never get credit for their actions. Their wives are also a tight group protecting their husbands. They protect their husband's secrets and maintain their cover.
Misfits	Drama	8.0	When five young outsiders on Community Service get caught in a strange storm, they discover that they have developed superpowers.
Power Rangers	Action	none	"Power Rangers Dino Charge" is a long-running American children's television series adapted from the Japanese tokusatsu Super Sentai Series. A team of five high school students are selected by Zordon to battle evil. Using martial arts, special weapons, and gigantic robots called "Zords", they protect their city Angel Grove from monsters and witches.
Jericho	Drama	8.5	JERICHO is a drama about what happens in the aftermath of a nuclear explosion in the once peaceful town of Jericho. Following the battle with New Bern, the citizens of Jericho begin reconstruction efforts to restore the town's power and communication with the outside world. As the country's new leaders, the Cheyenne government, attempt to establish their stronghold in the region, Jericho's citizens become suspicious of their new leaders and question why their community is so important to this newly formed government.
7th Heaven	Drama	none	Reverend Eric Camden (Stephen Collins) and his wife Annie (Catherine Hicks) have always had their hands full caring for seven children, not to mention the friends, sweethearts and spouses that continually come and go in the Camden household. This year, Eric and Annie will find their family back together in Glenoak with the return of Matt and Simon. As is often the case when the house is overflowing with Camdens, Eric and Annie are in for a bumpy ride as their children take landmark steps in their lives. Meanwhile, Eric and Annie continue their journey as soul mates, parents and grandparents whose love and respect for each other brings them ever closer. Through all the ups and downs, Eric and Annie have managed to keep their romance alive and their family together. Not only are they raising their own seven children, they've picked up several additional family members along the way.
Kyle XY	Drama	8.3	KYLE XY is an incredible mystery about a teenager with no past. The series tells the surprising journey of Kyle (Dallas), a 16 year-old teenage savant who is missing instinctive human behavior such as anger, joy and love, and the family who found him. After coming out of the woods and found walking into traffic, Kyle is sent to a youth detention center where he comes into contact with his first experience of eating food and human interaction: not all of it friendly. At the center they realize that Kyle is not like any ordinary teenager, especially once they find that he is missing his belly-button. With questions of 'Who is this kid?' and 'Where did he come from?' psychologist Nicole Trager (MacIntyre) is called in to help get some much needed answers.
WWE Monday Night RAW	Drama	none	WWE Monday Night Raw is World Wrestling Entertainment's (formerly the WWF and the WWWF before that) premiere wrestling event and brand. Since its launch in 1993, WWE Monday Night Raw continues to air live on Monday nights. Raw is generally seen as the company's flagship program due to its prolific history, high ratings, weekly live format, and emphasis on pay-per-views. Monday Night Raw is high profile enough to attract frequent visits from celebrities who usually serve as guest hosts for a single live event. Since its first episode, Raw has now been broadcast live, or recorded from, 197 different arenas in 165 cities and towns in seven different nations: including the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom twice a year, Afghanistan for a special Tribute to the Troops, Germany, Japan, and Italy. The show will be recorded in Mexico for the first time in October 2011.
WWE SmackDown!	Drama	none	The super heroes of wrestling have a new home: WWE SmackDown has arrived on Syfy. The program, which debuted more than 10 years ago, is one of the longest-running weekly episodic shows on television.Featuring a star-studded cast of WWE Superstars and Divas, WWE SmackDown delivers a shot of adrenaline to Syfy's lineup and brings fans over-the-top action, feats of athleticism beyond the reach of mortal men, and WWE's special brand of drama. Larger-than-life personalities like Big Show, Bray Wyatt, Brock Lesnar, Dean Ambrose, Dolph Ziggler, John Cena, Kane, Neville, Randy Orton, Roman Reigns, Ryback, Seth Rollins, Sheamus, The Bella Twins among others, are set to deliver their explosive power to Syfy's Friday night lineup and remind viewers that it takes more than muscle to Imagine Greater.
Strike Back	Action	8.7	Strike Back is a British/American action and military television series, based on a novel of the same name by novelist and former Special Air Service (SAS) soldier Chris Ryan. The series follows the actions of Section 20, a secretive branch of the British Defence Intelligence service (DI), who operate several high risk, priority missions throughout the globe. Executive producer Andy Harries gained hold of the novel and pitched a television adaption to Sky, even though he had not read it. Sky commissioned the series as part of a £10 million commitment to adapt novels into original dramas following the successes of adapting Terry Pratchett's Discworld novels. Following Cinemax's participation from the second series, the series faced a re-imagining due to the absence of first series lead Richard Armitage, who was at the time filming The Hobbit in New Zealand. Before filming several cast me
Kitchen Nightmares	Cooking	none	Chef Gordon Ramsay of HELL'S KITCHEN fame is back, and this time he's hitting the road, exposing restaurants that are barely staying afloat.
The Bold and the Beautiful	Drama	none	They created a dynasty where passion rules, they are the Forresters, the first name in Fashion. The Bold and the Beautiful, a world of fashion, glamor and romance. A place where power, money and success are there for the taking in a city where dreams really do come true. Follow the lives and loves of the Forresters on The Bold and the Beautiful...
iCarly	Comedy	none	Carly Shay led a pretty normal life... until she and her friends started their own web show. When "iCarly" becomes an instant hit, Carly and her pals have to balance their newfound success with the problems of everyday life. With her parents overseas, Carly relies on the help of her best friend/co-star, Sam, her longtime pal/technical producer, Freddie, and her eccentric older brother/guardian, Spencer, to keep it all together. Sam and Freddie's constant bickering and Spencer's odd habits make for a lot of good material...but is it enough to fill a new show every week?
Being Human	Drama	8.5	Comedy-drama series about three twenty-something housemates trying to live normal lives, despite struggling with unusual afflictions - one is a werewolf, one is a vampire and the other is a ghost.
In Plain Sight	Drama	7.5	In Plain Sight follows the story of a Federal Marshall with the Witness Protection program who must hide her high-risk, high-impact job from her family. To those that know her, Mary Shannon is a glorified meter maid, but her real job is much more dangerous. She must oversee federal witnesses who have been relocated through the Witness Protection program and make sure that they stay safe...
Days of our Lives	Drama	6.0	"Like sands through the hourglass... so are the Days of Our Lives." These words, spoken by late cast member Macdonald Carey, open every episode of this daytime drama, chronicaling the trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem
Without a Trace	Drama	9.0	Without a Trace is a fast-paced procedural drama about the Missing Persons Squad of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The sole responsibility of the special task force is to find missing persons by applying advanced psychological profiling techniques to peel back the layers of the victims' lives and trace their whereabouts in an effort to discover whether they have been abducted, been murdered, committed suicide or simply run away. The team reconstructs a "Day of Disappearance" timeline that details every minute of the 24 hours prior to the disappearance, following one simple rule: learn who the victim is in order to learn where the victim is. Senior agent Jack Malone (Anthony LaPaglia) heads the dedicated team that knows too well that every second counts when someone vanishes.
No Ordinary Family	Drama	8.2	"No Ordinary Family" is an action packed family drama that features The Powell Family, who go from ordinary to extraordinary. After 16 years of marriage, Jim feels disconnected from his workaholic wife, Stephanie, and two teenage children, Daphne and JJ. To encourage family bonding time, Jim decides the family will join Stephanie on her business trip to South America. When their plane crashes into the Amazon River, they barely enjoy a moment to celebrate their survival before returning to the grind of everyday life. But they soon realize that their lives have been forever changed. Each member of the family starts to show signs of new, unique and distinct super powers. Will their newfound abilities finally bring them together or push them further apart?
Reaper	Comedy	8.3	On his twenty-first birthday, Sam Oliver (Bret Harrison, "The Loop," "Grounded For Life") discovers his parents sold his soul to the devil (Ray Wise, "24," "Twin Peaks") before he was born, and he must now serve as the devil's personal bounty hunter, catching escaped souls and sending them back to Hell.
Beverly Hills, 90210	Drama	5.0	This long-running drama dealt with the experiences of a group of young people in Beverly Hills, CA as they navigated high school, college and ultimately the real world. The series focused on their travails as they tried to maintain their friendship while dealing with romances, family and personal crises, tragedies and countless drug addictions.
MacGyver	Action	8.0	MacGyver follows the adventures of the laid-back, extremely resourceful secret agent Angus MacGyver. He prefers non-violent conflict resolution whenever possible and refuses to carry or use a gun. MacGyver works as a problem solver for the Phoenix Foundation in Los Angeles. Utilizing his education as a scientist and his experience as an operative in the Department of External Services (DXS), he is able to solve a range of problems usually with the help of his ever-present Swiss Army knife.
Penn & Teller: Bullshit!	Comedy	9.3	In society, there are many products and ideas that we buy into. Some of these products, services or ideas are just plain bullshit. Well known magicians: Penn and Teller are here to knock some sense into people in a humorous and informal way and to explain why some things in life are just bullshit.
The L Word	Drama	5.3	Mia Kirshner, Jennifer Beals, Pam Grier, Laurel Holloman, Erin Daniels, Leisha Hailey and Katherine Moennig star in this intimate drama series about a group of lesbian friends struggling with romance and careers in Los Angeles.
Ice Road Truckers	Action	8.0	The warriors of the ice roads are back, hauling vital cargo to remote communities over some of the most dangerous routes in the world. But, this season, the toughest job in the world just got tougher.A polar vortex has descended onto the Canadian backcountry, creating the most severe winter in over a century. Freezing winds, towering snow and blinding whiteouts push the drivers to their emotional and physical breaking points.But despite the brutal conditions, Polar Industries and VP Express aren't backing down from the war that started last year. VP boss Hugh Rowland has stolen ice road legend Alex Debogorski away from Polar. Although they've been rivals in the past, having the two titans together on the same team might just provide the edge VP needs to run Polar out of town.But Polar owner Mark Kohaykewych has made a score of his own, snagging VP Express' top driver from last season, Todd Dewey, to add to his roster of Lisa Kelly, Darrell Ward and Art Burke. And, this year, he's expanding the company map, venturing even further onto some of the least traveled and longest ice roads in the world.For the rough riders of the frozen frontier, this season is a non-stop ride over thin ice.
Knight Rider	Drama	7.4	The series follows the thrilling adventures of Michael Knight, a detective thought to be dead, who's been given a new face and identity. His assignment: to fight crime with the help of an artificially intelligent, talking car named K.I.T.T., a high-speed, futuristic weapon outfitted with high-tech gadgets and a personality of its own. Driven by justice, they set out to take down criminals who operate above the law.
Bewitched	Comedy	9.0	Bewitched starts off with a simple married couple; but what we soon find out is that Samantha, Darrin's wife, is a witch! Although they agree that Sam is not to use witchcraft now that they are married, a problem always seems to crop up and Samantha always resorts to spells. Things become even more complicated when Endora, Samantha's witch mother, starts to interfere.
Mistresses	Drama	none	Drama series about four female friends' marital and extramarital relationships.
Homicide: Life on the Street	Drama	9.7	One of the most critically acclaimed shows in TV history, Homicide: Life on the Street reinvigorated a tired genre by focusing on the grueling work of solving murders instead of an endless succession of bloody crimes and car chases. Inspired by David Simon's Edgar Award-winning account of Baltimore homicide detectives and brought to television by writer Paul Attanasio and director Barry Levinson, Homicide boasted a powerhouse ensemble cast featuring Ned Beatty, Yaphet Kotto, Richard Belzer, and breakout star Andre Braugher.
The Rockford Files	Drama	7.0	Emmy winner James Garner stars as the offbeat Jim Rockford, an ex-con-turned-private-investigator who would rather fish than fight, but whose instinct on closed cases is more golden than his classic Pontiac Firebird. From his mobile home in Malibu, this wisecracking private eye takes on the cases of the lost and the dispossessed, chasing down seemingly long-dead clues in the sun-baked streets and seamy alleys of Los Angeles.
Treme	Drama	none	New Orleans, 38 months after Hurricane Katrina: Barack Obama has just been elected to the White House, giving this battered, majority-black city reason for optimism. Yet for every entrenched resident who hopes to improve his or her lot - or just return to a sense of pre-Katrina normalcy - others are intent on capitalizing on the city's vulnerability and suffocating its culture.
Quincy, M.E.	Drama	8.0	Television icon Jack Klugman is the crusading and headstrong medical examiner Dr. Quincy, the distinguished role that earned him 4 Emmy nominations. Aided by his loyal lab assistant Sam Fujiyama, Quincy's not afraid to stand up for his convictions, and he'll battle anyone who stands in his way: his skeptical boss Dr. Asten, City Hall, and even sometimes his own friends and mentors.
Geordie Shore	Drama	none	Follow all the antics of Charlotte, Gaz, Sophie, James, Holly, Scott, Vicky on their Geordie adventures. We guarentee it'll probably include a lot of tashin' on, getting mortal and jägerbombs.
In Treatment	Drama	none	As Dr. Paul Weston continues to struggle with the aftermath of his divorce, he faces new emotional and physical challenges - including hand tremors that he fears might be the onset of Parkinson's Disease, which killed his father. Meanwhile, he takes on three challenging new patients and turns to a new therapist of his own.
Dawson's Creek	Drama	7.0	DAWSON'S CREEK, Sony Pictures Television's enormously successful dramatic series, maintained its loyal following through six successful seasons on the air. Chronicling the passage from adolescence to young adulthood, DAWSON'S CREEK, which was created and developed by Kevin Williamson, followed the continuing relationships of five longtime friends.
ALF	Comedy	8.0	One starry night in 1986, the Tanner family get an unexpected houseguest-a furry, four-foot-high Alien Life Form" they call Alf, who quickly becomes part of the family.
Life on Mars	Crime	8.7	Drama about a present-day Manchester detective who, after suffering near-fatal injuries in a car-crash, awakes to find himself living in 1973.
Time Team	Family	none	In this popular and (literally) groundbreaking programme, Tony Robinson and a team of experts travel the country to investigate a wide range of archaeological sites of historical importance.
Luck	Drama	8.0	From David Milch and Michael Mann this one-hour drama centers on an intuitive tough guy named Chester "Ace" Bernstein who has always been involved with gambling, from bookmaking and money laundering to casino operations. Recently released from prison after three years, he teams with Gus Demitriou, his longtime chauffeur and muscle, to craft a complex plan involving the Santa Anita Racetrack in California. As they plot out Ace's strategy, the pair recruits Turo Escalante, a successful trainer with a sordid reputation. In the meantime, an old trainer nurtures a possible breakthrough thoroughbred, while a ragtag group of four racetrack groupies band together to try to catch lightning in a bottle – as winners of an elusive Pick Six bet.
Sinbad	Action	none	Sinbad is a young man on a quest for redemption, condemned to keep searching for a way to lift the curse that chains him to the seas, until he can find the goodness in himself. Sinbad provides for himself and his family by fighting for money, but inadvertently kills a man, causing him to escape to sea as a stowaway. The 8th century Arabia is a melting pot of cultures, faiths and creatures; full of life and color, but also threatening and volatile. Before their journey is over, Sinbad and his crew of outcasts will not only have to brave their own demons, but some of the most dangerous enemies imaginable.
Later... with Jools Holland	Music	none	Jools Holland presents BBC Two's flagship music show, with legendary musicians and brand new acts from around the world, all performing live.
Outcasts	Drama	8.5	A group of courageous pioneers face a unique opportunity: the chance to build a new and better future on another planet.
Dallas	Drama	10.0	The world's first mega-soap, and one of the most popular ever produced, Dallas had it all. Beautiful women, expensive cars, and men playing Monopoly with real buildings. Famous for one of the best cliffhangers in TV history, as the world asked "Who shot J.R.?" A slow-burner to begin with, Dallas hit its stride in the 2nd season, with long storylines and expert character development. Dallas ruled the airwaves in the 1980's.
Law & Order: Los Angeles	Drama	9.5	"In the City of Los Angeles, the people are represented by two separate yet equally important groups: the police who investigate crime and the district attorneys who prosecute the offenders. These are their stories."From Dick Wolf, comes a foray into the glitz, glamour and guilt of Los Angeles. From the tony Beverly Hills to the seedy side of Hollywood, LAPD's elite Robbery Homicide Division is on the case. Fusing classic ripped-from-the-headlines storytelling with the backdrop of LA, the series delves into the high-profile crimes of the West Coast.The format is similar to the other Law & Order shows, though adapted to the Los Angeles criminal justice system: each episode starts by depicting a crime, then presents the LAPD investigation, the prosecution by the L.A. County District Attorney, and the trial in the Los Angeles Superior Court. The crimes prosecuted are codified in the California Penal Code. As in other L.A. police procedural shows, crimes are sometimes referred to by their Penal Code section numbers.
Battlestar Galactica: Blood & Chrome	Drama	8.8	Battlestar Galactica: Blood & Chrome (a prequel to the critically acclaimed hit series, Battlestar Galactica) takes place in the midst of the First Cylon war. As the battle between humans and their creation, the sentient robotic Cylons, rages across the 12 colonial worlds, a young, talented fighter pilot, William Adama, finds himself assigned to one of the most powerful battlestars in the Colonial fleet: the Galactica. Full of ambition and in pursuit of the intense action that the Cylon war promises, Adama quickly finds himself at odds with his co-pilot, the battle-weary officer Coker. With only 47 days left in his tour of duty, Coker desires an end to battle just as much as Adama craves the start of it. Though they clash at first, the two men forge an unlikely bond when a routine escort mission with an enigmatic passenger turns dangerous and becomes a pivotal one for the desperate fleet.
Top Chef Duels	Cooking	none	Bravo Media turns up the heat in a new culinary competition series "Top Chef Duels" premiering Wednesday, August 6 at 10 PM ET/PT as the network brings back the best culinary talent ever seen on "Top Chef" and "Top Chef Masters" for a gastronomic battle royale of epic proportions. Hosted by celebrity chef Curtis Stone, the newest iteration of the Emmy Award-winning franchise pits eighteen of the biggest, boldest and most talked-about personalities from past seasons against one another in high-stakes cooking challenges designed to test their passion and imagination in the kitchen. In addition to his role as host, Curtis Stone will also anchor the judges' table with Gail Simmons, while chefs Wolfgang Puck and Hugh Acheson along with other special guests will round out the judging panel throughout the series. In each episode, two chefs will face-off in three rounds of head-to-head battles testing their skill, creativity and speed. Rivalries will be intensified as "Top Chef Duels" ups the ante and allows the competing chefs to each pick one mini-duel based on the other's perceived weaknesses in the kitchen. The third and final challenge of each episode will decide who moves on to compete in the ultimate high-stakes season finale where 10 chefs will be confronted with split second decisions as they lay it all on the line in the greatest challenge of their careers. In the end, only one chef will earn bragging rights and win the $100,000 grand prize and a culinary adventure that will be featured in Food and Wine Magazine.
Benidorm	Comedy	6.0	Comedy series following regular and first-time holidaymakers as they visit the Solana Resort in Benidorm. All the guests have one thing in common: a quest to get value for their hard-earned Euros.
Paw Patrol	Comedy	none	"Paw Patrol" stars a pack of six heroic rescue pups - Chase, Marshall, Rocky, Rubble, Zuma and Skye - who are led by a tech-savvy boy named Ryder. Together they work hard to protect the Adventure Bay community believing, "no job is too big, no pup is too small!" The series features a curriculum that focuses on citizenship, social skills and problem-solving.
Sanjay and Craig	Comedy	none	"Sanjay and Craig" is a 20-episode series that tells a beautiful story about two best friends -- one of whom is a snake -- and the true adventures of being a kid.
Batman: The Brave and The Bold	Action	none	Batman isn't going at it alone this time! From Warner Bros. Animation comes the latest interpretation of the classic Batman franchise. Our caped crusader is teamed up with heroes from across the DC Universe, delivering nonstop action and adventure with a touch of comic relief. Blue Beetle, Green Arrow, Aquaman and countless others will get a chance to uphold justice alongside Batman. Though still based in Gotham, Batman will frequently find himself outside city limits, facing situations that are both unfamiliar and exhilarating. With formidable foes around every corner, Batman will still rely on his stealth, resourcefulness and limitless supply of cool gadgets to bring justice home.
Hercules: The Legendary Journeys	Action	6.5	Long ago... In a time of myth and legend, when ancient gods plagued man with suffering - only one man dared to challenge their power. Hercules!Kevin Sorbo's fresh, hip and good-natured spin on the legendary hero carried this witty, adventure-filled action drama to high critical acclaim. Smartly combining ancient myth with contemporary sensibilities, the series became one of television's highest rated programs.
Queer as Folk	Drama	none	They're here, they're queer, and they make Sex and the City look like a demure tea party. Showtime's quintessentially American Queer As Folk--based on the British miniseries--pours on copious amounts of hot and steamy sex.
Beavis and Butt-Head	Comedy	4.0	A national treasure in an age of idiocy… When Beavis and Butt-Head first appeared on MTV more than a decade ago, critics dismissed them as brainless couch potatoes who did nothing but watch TV and make lewd jokes about bodily functions. Today we know they were ahead of their time. Beavis and Butt-Head's unique idiocy profoundly changed television, movies, pop culture and the world.
The Bachelor	Romance	none	Millions of single women had mixed emotions when Chris Soules, the stylish farmer from Iowa, was sent home by Andi Dorfman on The Bachelorette. One of the final three men, Chris was dismissed after he had emotionally confessed his love to Andi, but that meant the handsome bachelor was back on the market. Now, he is ready to put his heartache behind him to search for the one missing piece in his life - true love - when he stars in the 19th edition of ABC's hit romance reality series, The Bachelor.
Ridiculousness	Comedy	none	Ridiculousness and Rob Dyrdek return with another incredible season of hysterical and absurd internet videos. Sterling "Stee-Lo" Brim and Chanel "West Coast" join Rob and another unbelievable line up of special guests, including rapper phenom Future, R&B singer/ songwriter Ne-Yo, and internet video super-team Smosh. This season's storm of new categories like "Power Kiss", "Everyday Demons", "Human Glitches", and "Magnet Feet" will leave you belly laughing for the rest of your life.
Pushing Daisies	Comedy	8.4	As a young boy Ned discovers that he can return the dead briefly back to life with just one touch. But his random gift isn't without deadly consequences . . . as he soon finds out. Grown up Ned (Lee Pace) puts his talent to good use by touching dead fruit and making it ripe with everlasting flavor. He opens a pie shop. But his gift leaves him wary of becoming close to anyone, as beautiful waitress Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth) finds out. His life as a pie maker gets more complicated when private investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) finds out about Ned's secret. Emerson convinces the cash-strapped Ned to help him solve murder cases (and collect a hefty reward fee) by raising the dead and getting them to name their killers.
Attack on Titan	Action	9.3	Known in Japan as Shingeki no Kyojin, many years ago, the last remnants of humanity were forced to retreat behind the towering walls of a fortified city to escape the massive, man-eating Titans that roamed the land outside their fortress. Only the heroic members of the Scouting Legion dared to stray beyond the safety of the walls – but even those brave warriors seldom returned alive. Those within the city clung to the illusion of a peaceful existence until the day that dream was shattered, and their slim chance at survival was reduced to one horrifying choice: kill – or be devoured!
Cake Boss	Cooking	9.0	"CAKE BOSS" is a popular docu-series following beloved baker Buddy Valastro, his larger-than-life family and burgeoning businesses.
The Ultimate Fighter	Drama	none	Fighters are competing for an UFC contract.
Primeval	Drama	9.0	When rips in time called anomalies started opening across the UK, dangerous creatures from the past and future began appearing in the most unexpected places, endangering lives and placing the whole of humanity at risk.A crack team of specialists were appointed by the government to investigate and control "creature incursions," creating the Anomaly Research Center (ARC), which was later privatized. Matt, Abby, Connor and Becker do the field work while Jessmans the ARC control station under the leadership of government official James Lester and the mysterious scientist, Philip Burton
Naked and Afraid: Uncensored	Adventure	none	Each week on "Naked and Afraid: Uncensored", a new pair of total strangers are faced with the ultimate survival challenge: survive for 21 days together with no clothes or supplies in some of the most dangerous environments in the world. In addition to the landscape itself working against the duo, the local wildlife stalks looks to prey on them as well. Of course, the biggest complication for any of the couples might end up being their own clashing egos. This "uncensored" variation includes never-before-seen footage.
Ghost Adventures	Adventure	8.0	Are you ready for the lockdown? The "Ghost Adventures" crew -- Zak Bagans, Nick Groff and Aaron Goodwin -- is back to investigate the scariest, most notorious, haunted places in the world. The trio will interview eyewitnesses and historians at each location, arming themselves with the stories of the ghosts they will later provoke and confront during their dusk-to-dawn lockdowns. (Note: They don't always come out unscathed!) Then they'll review and analyze their findings with some the most respected experts and specialists in the paranormal field.
The X Factor	Family	1.0	Worldwide, "The X Factor" has created global superstars such as Leona Lewis, One Direction, Cher Lloyd, Olly Murs, Little Mix and Rebecca Ferguson. Artists discovered by "The X Factor" format have sold more than 100 million records worldwide, including 110 No.1, 270 Top 10 and 501 Top 50 releases. Local versions of "The X Factor" are now produced in more than 40 territories and THE X FACTOR (USA) airs in 166 countries.
Pan Am	Drama	7.6	Passion, jealousy, espionage. They do it all and they do it at 30,000 feet. Mad Men's style meets Grey's Anatomy's entanglements in this thrilling and highly original new drama from producer Nancy Hult Ganis , writer Jack Orman and director Tommy Schlamme.
Saving Grace	Drama	8.5	Holly Hunter stars as a detective who kills a man in a drunken car crash and is given a second chance at life from an angel.
Life on Mars	Drama	8.2	From the studio that brought you Lost, comes the groundbreaking series that captured the imaginations of fans from coast to coast. With an irresistible soundtrack and one of the most celebrated casts on television, including Harvey Keitel, Michael Imperioli, Gretchen Mol and Jason O Mara, Life On Mars is a smart, suspenseful drama with a finish that will blow you away. Its one of those endings I believe will make you watch the series again, says Executive Producer Josh Appelbaum. There s a fine line between delusion and reality. NYPD detective Sam Tyler finds himself walking both sides of that line when he is suddenly hurtled back in time to 1973 after being struck by a car in 2008.Journey back to the 70s and uncover the secrets of Life On Mars. It s a strange and exhilarating ride raves the New York Times. Plus, with unique and exciting bonus features including an insiders view of where the shows concept began, a six million dollar moment in which 1970s legend Lee Majors steps back into the past with the cast and crew, and much more
Ben 10	Action	4.0	First premiering in January 2006, "Ben 10" is a Cartoon Network Original Animation Series that finds our hero, 10-year-old Ben Tennyson, discovering an alien "Omnitrix" watch that allows him the ability to transform into any one of ten alien superheroes! With the help of his Grandpa Max and "dweeb" cousin Gwen, Ben defeats his arch-nemesis Vilgax in the "Secret of the Omnitrix" movie special, leaving the planet earth safe from evil alien threats. In "Ben 10: Alien Force" (premiered April 2008), our hero is now fifteen years old and must once again use the Omnitrix to protect the earth from a new, sinister alien conspiracy that threatens to conquer the entire universe! This time around he has the help of not only his cousin Gwen (who is learning to master alien powers of her own), but his old nemesis Kevin Levin. Together, our trio of heroes span the globe (and galaxy!) to protect the earth from threats as they arise. Picking up immediately where "Ben 10: Alien Force" leaves off, "Ben 10: Ultimate Alien" (premiering April 2010) follows the now 16-year-old Ben as his life changes in major ways! The Omnitrix has been destroyed and Ben must now learn to master the secrets of the mysterious Ultimatrix, a new watch-like device that not only allows him to transform into a variety of alien super heroes, but also gives him the ability to activate evolved (or "ultimate") versions of some of his most powerful alien entities! That's only half of the changes in store for our hero, as a young savvy fanboy discovers Ben's secret identity and reveals it to the world! Faced with newfound stardom, Ben must deal with obsessive fans and skeptics who view him as a nuisance. With Gwen and Kevin still at his side, Ben continues his battle against incredible alien threats to the galaxy!
The Dresden Files	Drama	8.1	Based on Jim Butcher's best-selling novels, "The Dresden Files" chronicles the cases of no ordinary detective. Harry Dresden is a wizard, the only one listed in the Chicago phone book. He's got a handle on the crimes that can't be solved by anyone else. Paranormal? No problem. Dresden deals in all matters of supernatural threats. If you need a little hocus pocus or some other worldly advice, Dresden's your man.
Melrose Place	Drama	5.5	A nighttime soap opera about the lives, careers, trials and tribulations of a group of young people living in an apartment building in the trendy neighborhood of Melrose Place. The show was a spin off of Beverly Hills 90210 and starred Heather Locklear as the scheming Amanda Woodward, head of her own advertising agency and owner of the apartment building.
The Lying Game	Drama	none	The Lying Game follows Emma, a kind-hearted foster kid who learns she has an identical twin sister, Sutton. Sutton, unlike Emma, was adopted by wealthy parents and is seemingly living an ideal life. After their initial meeting, Sutton talks Emma into stepping into her life for a few days while she pursues a lead on the mysterious identity of their birth mother. After Sutton inexplicably fails to return to the girls' designated meeting place, Emma must decide whether to come clean about her identity and risk her own safety in the hope of uncovering her twin sister's whereabouts, along with the truth about why they were separated in the first place.
Hawaii Five-O	Action	8.7	Filmed entirely on location in Hawaii, the show followed Jack Lord as he played Steve McGarrett, head of an elite state police unit investigating "organized crime, murder, assassination attempts, foreign agents, felonies of every type." James MacArthur played his second-in-command Danny ("Danno") Williams, with local actors Kam Fong, Zulu, Al Harrington, and Herman Wedemeyer, among others, playing members of the Five-O team.
United States of Tara	Drama	9.0	She's got a husband, two kids and multiple personalities. Emmy® and Golden Globe® winner Toni Collette never knows what or who will happen in this smart, unique and totally unpredictable Showtime Original Comedy Series from executive producer Steven Spielberg. Tara's Alters include "T" the wild-child teenager, "Buck" the rough and tumble biker dude, and "Alice" the type-A homemaker. But with a family that loves her just the way she is. Tara never gives up hope that someday she can just be herself.
19 Kids and Counting	Comedy	none	19 Kids and Counting follows Michelle and Bob Duggar as they deal with the challenges of raising a family of ten boys, eight girls and baby Josie Duggar.
Sabrina, the Teenage Witch	Comedy	9.5	When Sabrina Spellman is informed by her aunts, Hilda and Zelda, that she is a witch on her 16th birthday, she is hesitant to believe them. Having been sent to live with them in Massachusetts by her Warlock father and mortal mother, Sabrina learns the tricks of magic in order to receive her witch's license. Along the way, she gets into many scrapes while figuring out how certain spells work. She also has to keep the secret from her boyfriend, Harvey, friends Jenny and later Valerie, stuck-up nemesis Libby, and her ever-suspicious vice-principal, Mr. Kraft.
Chase	Drama	9.0	Chase is a fast-paced drama from Emmy Award-winning executive producer Jerry Bruckheimer and executive producer Jennifer Johnson that drops viewers smack into the middle of a game of cat-and-mouse as a team of U.S. marshals hunts down America's most dangerous fugitives. Kelli Giddish stars as U.S. Marshal Annie Frost, a cowboy boot-wearing deputy whose sharp mind and unique Texas upbringing help her track down the violent criminals on the run. Cole Hauser , Amaury Nolasco, Rose Rollins and Jesse Metcalfe also star as members of Frost's elite team.
Cleopatra 2525	Action	5.5	It is the year 2525 AD, and most of mankind has been driven underground by huge flying mechanical creatures known as the Baileys. The team of Hel, Sarge and Cleo (a recently defrosted 21st century exotic dancer who was cryogenically frozen following complications during her cosmetic surgery operation) are guided by the mysterious "Voice" and aided by Mauser (a reprogrammed robotic enforcer) to fight a war to reclaim the Earth's surface.
Jack of All Trades	Comedy	7.0	American spy Jack Stiles is sent by Thomas Jefferson to the tiny East Indies island of Palau Palau, where he teams up with British agent and inventor Emilia Rothschild to thwart the efforts of Napoleon and France in that region of the world. While acting as Emilia's man servant, Jack dons the mask garb of the legendary Daring Dragoon and fights the local French governor as well as thwarting various other schemes against America.
The Sarah Silverman Program	Comedy	6.0	Welcome back to the wacky world of Sarah Silverman. Follow Sarah and the rest of the gang as she takes on pedophile vans, rigs a mayoral election, takes a stance on "Real Time with Bill Maher" and reconnects with her imaginary childhood friend (played by Andy Samberg), among other adventures in this irreverent new season.
Drake and Josh	Comedy	8.0	Fifteen-year-old Drake and Josh are schoolmates, but not close friends. As a matter of fact, Drake thinks Josh is a bit of a goof. Imagine his shock when he discovers this goof is about to become his stepbrother and new roommate when his mother marries Josh's father!
Doc Martin	Drama	10.0	Successful surgeon Dr Martin Ellingham relocates to the seaside village of Portwenn in Cornwall; but his gruff demeanour and poor bedside manner bring him into conflict with the locals as he begins his new life as a GP.
The Real World	Drama	none	Each year, series producers choose a group of seven people in their 20s, from different backgrounds and countries, to live together in a major city. The series presents their spontaneous, unscripted interactions with one another and the world around them.
Catfish: The TV Show	Family	6.0	"Catfish: The TV Show" tackles the mystery and complexities of dating in a digital world. The hour-long series follows Nev Schulman, whose own online love drama was the subject of the "Catfish" film, and director-filmmaker Max Joseph as they take viewers on a deeply personal journey that goes inside the stories of young people as their online-only romantic relationships collide with first-time, real-life encounters.
Flash Gordon	Science-Fiction	5.9	Placing a 21st century spin on a science fiction classic, SCI FI's contemporized version of Flash Gordon follows the all-new adventures of Flash (Eric Johnson) and his companions, Dale Arden and Dr. Hans Zarkov. Ordinary people thrust into extraordinary circumstances, they find themselves as Earth's last line of defense against the forces of the merciless dictator Ming.
Tru Calling	Drama	8.4	What would you do if you could relive a day? If you're Tru Davies (Eliza Dushku), you'd save lives.
Masters of Science Fiction	Drama	none	Four thought-provoking tales of present and future Earth are brought to life in the all-new anthology series, featuring a stellar lineup of actors and directors, and narrated by acclaimed physicist Professor Stephen Hawking. "Masters of Science Fiction," from Starz Media in association with Industry Entertainment and its Vancouver partner, Reunion Pictures, is based on some of the genre's most popular and highly regarded short stories.
Legend of Earthsea	Fantasy	none	A reckless youth is destined to become the greatest sorcerer that the mystical land of Earthsea has ever known. When the young wizard Ged discovers that he possesses infinite magical powers, he seeks to master the ancient arts. As he journeys to manhood, he will combat dragons, fall in love, cross death's threshold, and ultimately wield the power to reunite a kingdom.
The Inside	Drama	9.0	When one of the profilers in the FBI's L.A.-based Violent Crimes Unit (VCU) is brutally murdered by a serial killer they've been tracking, rookie FBI Agent Rebecca Locke is recruited to join the team and help find the madman despite her lack of field experience. Unbeknownst to Rebecca, famed Supervisory Special Agent VIRGIL "WEB" WEBSTER has personally selected her to join his rogue division - not for her impressive profiling skills, but because of a secret she's keeping. Web knows that Rebecca was abducted and held captive as a child, and the traumatic experience has afforded her unique insight into the mindset of villain and victim alike.
Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior	Drama	6.0	CRIMINAL MINDS: SUSPECT BEHAVIOR is a drama about an elite team of agents within the FBI's Behavioral Analysis Unit (BAU) who use unconventional methods of investigation and aggressive tactics to capture the nation's most nefarious criminals. Unit chief Special Agent Sam Cooper is a mentally and physically fierce natural leader who is not afraid to put his career on the line in order to stand by his convictions. Cooper strives to avoid political bureaucracy and has handpicked an eclectic group of profilers to work outside the confines of Quantico. They include strong-willed and outspoken Beth Griffith, the newest member of the team who joins them from the FBI Threat Assessment Task Force; former British Special Forces soldier Mick Rawson, who is confident and handsome and works as a highly skilled marksman with an undiluted eye for rooting out evil; John "Prophet" Sims, a former convict with a street-smart edge and a calm, Zen-like presence who is determined to make amends for past sins; Gina LaSalle, an attractive, tough agent armed with a cunning sense of perception; and Penelope Garcia, a computer wizard who has spent years aiding Agent Hotchner and his BAU team on its toughest cases. This exceptional group of FBI operatives is strong in their beliefs and steadfast in their mission to bring the country's most dangerous criminals to justice.
Doctor Horrible's Sing-Along Blog	Comedy	9.0	Neil Patrick Harris stars as Billy, A.K.A. Dr. Horrible, a budding super-villain whose plans for world domination continually go awry. His two goals: getting accepted into the Evil League of Evil, and working up the guts to speak to his laundromat crush Penny, played by Felicia Day. The only thing standing in his way is Captain Hammer, Billy's superhero arch-nemesis played by Nathan Fillion With one big score, Billy could get into the E.L.E. and earn the respect of Penny, but only if he can keep her away from the dashing Captain Hammer...
The Glee Project	Drama	1.0	During the 11 week run of season two of "The Glee Project," 14 talented contenders will be narrowed down as the creative forces of "Glee" carefully assess who has what it takes to win the prize of a lifetime - a seven episode guest starring role on the hit FOX series. Ryan Murphy joins casting director Robert Ulrich, choreographer, "Glee" co-producer Zach Woodlee and vocal producer Nikki Anders in the final deliberations of each installment of the series.
Robin Hood	Action	7.0	Drama series which gives a contemporary feel to the classic Robin Hood legend, focusing on Robin Hood's fight against the evil and corrupt Sheriff of Nottingham
V	Drama	9.1	A year after Liberation Day, courtesy of the red-dust bacteria, the humanoid, lizard-like aliens develop a resistance to the micro-organism and try to regain control of the Earth--only now some humans are knowingly working with them.
The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles	Action	8.3	The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles was based on the Indiana Jones series of films. The series follows the Indiana Jones character (as a young boy and as a young man) as he was growing up and experiencing his early adventures, where he gets into trouble, learns life lessons and encounters various historical figures along the way. The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles was filmed on location all over the world ~ including England, Russia, Spain, Czechoslovakia, Kenya, France, India, China, Austria, Egypt, the United States, Morocco, Ireland, Italy, Africa, Turkey, Greece and Thailand.
Wonderfalls	Drama	8.3	"From the producer of Angel and Firefly comes Wonderfalls with 9 never aired episodes. Although a recent graduate of Brown University, Jaye Tyler decides to ignore her degree, live in a trailer and work at a tourist gift shop in Niagara Falls called Wonderfalls—-much to the despair of her well-to-do family. But Jaye's aimless life takes a startling turn after a lion figurine begins talking to her. Her family calls it an "episode," but Jaye knows better. Fearing for her sanity, Jaye nevertheless starts doing exactly what an increasing number of inanimate objects tell her to do and is amazed when her outrageous actions begin changing people's lives in unexpected ways. "
Viper	Action	10.0	Viper was an action-adventure TV series about a secretive task force set up by the federal government to fight crime in the fictional city of Metro City, California, that is perpetually under siege from one crime wave after another. The weapon used by this task force is an urban assault vehicle that is disguised as a 1993 Flame Red Dodge Viper RT/10 Roadster and, later, a 1998 Cobalt Blue Metallic Dodge Viper GTS Coupe (which replaced the Roadster convertible). The series takes place in "the near future". The primary brand of vehicles driven in the show were Chrysler or their subsidiary companies.
3rd Rock from the Sun	Comedy	7.3	Sent to Earth to investigate civilization, an alien high commander (John Lithgow) and his quirky crew -- military officer Sally (Kristen Johnston), information expert Tommy (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) and transmitter Harry (French Stewart) -- assume human identities to blend in. Although they possess superior intelligence, their naïveté about the human condition turns everyday events into farcical fun.
Absolutely Fabulous	Comedy	7.5	Award-winning comedy set in the world of fashion and PR with Jennifer Saunders as the immature fun-loving mother and Julia Sawalha as her sensible daughter.
The Adventures of Tintin	Adventure	none	This animated series tells of the adventures of boy reporter Tintin, his dog, Snowy, and their friend Captain Haddock. From the stories by Herge.
The A-Team	Action	8.0	The A-Team is an American action-adventure television series, running from 1983 to 1987, about a fictional group of ex–United States Army Special Forces.
Battlestar Galactica	Drama	7.6	A sage of humanity's survival versus The Cylons.
Baywatch	Drama	5.0	This long-running series follows the adventures of a team of lifeguards on the crowded beaches of Los Angeles County. Veteran lifeguard Mitch Buchannon watches over the younger lifeguards that come and go with each passing season as they keep the beaches safe for vacationers. Frequently he must take action to save them from the raging seas and from the raging tempers that sometimes flare up between the young guards in this stressful job.
Birdsong	Drama	9.0	Epic love story set against the First World War, based on Sebastian Faulks' novel about a soldier who finds himself fighting in the area where he had an illicit affair before the war.
BlackAdder	Comedy	10.0	I want to be remembered when I'm dead. I want books written about me. I want songs sung about me. And then, hundreds of years from now, I want episodes of my life to be played out weekly at half past nine by some great heroic actor of the age.
Children of Dune	Adventure	8.0	The spectacular epic that began in the Emmy Award-winning Frank Herbert's Dune mini-series continues in this dazzling new journey into sweeping interstellar intrigue and visionary sci-fi adventure! On the desert planet of Dune, the ancient prophecy has been fulfilled: the rule of the legendary Muad'dib has triggered a miraculous transformation of the arid wastelands. But as always, the Great Houses of the Empire are alive with rumors of conspiracy, plotting and betrayal. And when Muad'dib no longer wields absolute power as the Emperor, his young son Leto Atreides and daughter Ghanima face the prospect of a disastrous civil war on Arrakis - and chaos on a galactic scale. Now, with the future of the vital Spice trade in the balance, the destiny of humanity itself will depend on the courage, strength and otherworldly wisdom of The Children of Dune!
Profiler	Drama	7.8	A crime drama following a criminal profiler working with the F.B.I.
Primeval: New World	Drama	7.3	A spin-off of the UK hit. Primeval: New World follows a team of scientists and animal experts that's called to action when dinosaurs appear in Vancouver.
Coupling	Comedy	8.8	Britcom about a group of six friends - three men and three women - and the ups and downs they encounter playing the 21st century dating game.
Coupling	Drama	none	For everyone who appreciates the cozy camaraderie of Friends, the spice of Sex in the City, and the sheer nuttiness of Seinfeld, here's a hip hybrid of all three delivered with an English accent. The candor with which six young charmers (sound appealingly familiar?) deal with their lives and love affairs makes this series a tad edgier than most. NBC just obtained rights to it from the BBC. Obviously, the network decision makers were impressed by Coupling's nomination for Best TV Comedy at the 2001 British Comedy Awards event. About 3 hours. DVD. Simon Says: When asked if the American version of Coupling will require toning down for the stateside audience, producer Sue Vertue (Vicar of Dibley, Mr. Bean) quipped, "We've just done the American pilot. It's as rude as ever, you'll be pleased to know. And actually, very, very like the original!"
Crusade	Action	8.0	In 2267 the Earth is quarantined, having been infected with a deadly plague by an attacking alien force. Scientists estimate that it will kill every inhabitant within 5 years, not nearly enough time for a cure to be developed. So the planet's only hope lies with the Excalibur, an advanced prototype starship sent out to search ancient alien ruins for their former inhabitant's secrets, hoping that somewhere out there a cure can be found.
Cupid	Drama	none	Hale belives, that as a punishmwnt for his arrogance, that he needs to get 100 couples romantically involved.
Dinotopia	Adventure	none	Fantasy about an uncharted island where humans and dinosaurs coexist. The show was based on the books by James Gurney, and picked up where the miniseries left off.
Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman	Drama	6.0	The trials and adventures of a female doctor in a small wild west town.
The Fades	Drama	none	A teenager is thrown into the heart of an apocalyptic struggle with the restless dead.
Dune	Drama	9.0	A three-part miniseries on politics, betrayal, lust, greed and the coming of a Messiah. Based on Frank Herbert's classic science fiction novel.
In a Land of Plenty	Drama	none	Television adaptation of Tim Pears' novel, charting the ups and downs of the Freeman family over three generations. In 1951, industrialist Charles Freeman (Robert Pugh) weds the enigmatic but naive Mary (Helen McCrory) and whisks her away to a large house overlooking the town where he owns his factory. Their union produces three sons - Simon, James and Robert - and a daughter, Alice, whose lives go on to be touched by tragedy despite their privileged background.
The Nanny	Comedy	7.7	In The Nanny TV series, Fran Fine stumbles upon the opportunity to become a nanny to the three rambunctious children of rich, widowed Broadway producer Maxwell Sheffield. With her off-beat style of nurturing and straightforward honesty, Fran turns out to be the best thing that has ever happened to the family... whether they realize it or not.
Cowboy Bebop	Action	9.0	In the year 2071, the crew of the spaceship Bebop travel the solar system trying to apprehend bounties. In the slang of the era, "Cowboys" are bounty hunters. Most episodes revolve around a specific bounty, but the show often shares its focus with the pasts of one of each of the four main characters and of more general past events, which are revealed and brought together as the series progresses.
American Gothic	Drama	7.5	The rural community of Trinity, South Carolina, a postcard-pretty enclave of antebellum houses and manicured lawns, is a town tormented and seduced by the ominous presence of one man, Sheriff Lucas Black.
Dungeons & Dragons	Adventure	6.0	Animated series based on the extremely popular TSR role-playing game.
Neverland	Adventure	6.0	Neverland, a prequel to author J.M. Barrie's classic, Peter Pan, sweeps in time from the turbulent seas of the pirates of the Caribbean and the back alleys of Dickensian London to a world of pure imagination. The cast includes Rhys Ifans as James Hook, Oscar nominee Keira Knightley as the voice of Tinker Bell, Anna Friel as Captain Elizabeth Bonny, Oscar nominee Bob Hoskins as Smee, Raoul Trujillo and Charlie Rowe as one of literature's most cherished characters, Peter Pan. Peter, along with his pals of young pickpockets, have been rounded up by their mentor Jimmy Hook to snatch a magical orb which transports them to another world - Neverland. Filled with white jungles and imposing cities formed out of trees created by Dr. Fludd and inhabited by a colony of tree spirits led by Tinker Bell, this mysterious realm welcomes unknown friends and enemies snatched from time. These include power-mad Elizabeth Bonny and her band of 18th century pirates who search for the answer to eternal youth, a secret guarded by a Holy Man. As the fight to save this strange and beautiful world escalates, Peter and his crew consider that growing old somewhere in time could be less important than growing up—right here in their new home called Neverland.
Neverwhere	Drama	8.0	Urban fantasy drama created by cult author Neil Gaiman about a nightmarish journey set in a parallel world that exists below the streets of London.
Planet of the Apes	Drama	7.0	After their spacecraft travels through a time warp, two astronauts from 1981 crash-land back on Earth in the year 3085--a time when intelligent apes rule and humans have been reduced to servants or pets. Captured by the apes and sentenced to death, they are saved by a curious chimpanzee name Galen. But now all three are on the run, trying to keep one step ahead of the gorilla army led by General Urko, who is determined to kill the renegades.
Impractical Jokers	Comedy	8.0	Four longtime friends take dares to outrageous new levels in truTV's hilarious series "Impractical Jokers", now in its third season. Q, Murr, Joe and Sal bravely face some of the most unbelievably awkward and brazen hijinks yet, daring each other with over-the-top challenges that are guaranteed to set a new side-splitting standard.
The Net	Thriller	7.0	The series follows the story of freelance programmer Angela Bennett, who receives a mysterious email which leads her into an internet chat with 'The Sorcerer'. Within minutes, her bank account has been closed, her credit cards have been canceled and she's been arrested. For some reason everyone believes she is Elizabeth Marx, an international criminal of some repute. Everyone she knows is dead and her former life no longer exists for all intents and purposes. However, when she is released by a NSA agent claiming to know who set her up, Angela sets out to prove her innocence while evading the evil forces at work.
New Amsterdam	Drama	8.0	NEW AMSTERDAM centers on a brilliant New York homicide detective with a profound secret he is immortal. In response to a heroic action, John Amsterdam will not age a day until he finds "the one." He has had many lives as he has roamed the city of New York for the past 400 years searching for his one true love.
North and South	Drama	9.5	Set against the backdrop of Victorian England's industrial north, it follows the fortunes of Margaret Hale, one of 19th century literature's most original heroines.
Once and Again	Drama	none	Once And Again explored brave new territory with the compelling story of two families blending at the seams. The second marriage of Lily Manning to Rick Sammler pushes both to the limit as they try for domestic normalcy while navigating divorce, parenting, financial hardship and many other life lessons.
Parade's End	Drama	9.0	In the dying days of the Edwardian Empire, Christopher Tietjens enters into a destructive marriage with the beautiful but cruel socialite Sylvia.
Party of Five	Drama	none	Five children orphaned by their parent's fatal auto accident seek to make their way in San Francisco.
Picket Fences	Drama	8.0	Picket Fences is the story of a sherriff and his family in Rome, Wisconsin, a town where things never seem to be
Agatha Christie's Poirot	Crime	9.3	Reunited with old friends, Poirot takes on challenging new investigations, once again testing his ‘little grey cells'.
Les Revenants	Drama	5.3	The Returned is a unique, stylish and powerful supernatural drama. It follows the residents of a small French alpine town as they come to terms with a series of mysterious and unbelievable occurrences. As a small group of unknowingly deceased men, women and children return from the dead and attempt to re-join the family and friends they left behind years before, the town begins to experience a series of chilling local murders….Beautifully filmed, expertly plotted, and featuring superbly believable performances and an unforgettably atmospheric soundtrack by cult Scottish group Mogwai, The Returned is the most original and enthralling series in years.
Nightwatch	Action	none	The hour-long series follows elite teams of emergency responders as they risk their lives to work the busiest and most unnerving shift of the day, the overnight shift in New Orleans, Louisiana.
The Slap	Drama	none	Meet Hector: a public servant, husband, father and valued friend on the cusp of his 40th. Meet Aisha: Hector's beautiful and intelligent wife who is planning his birthday party filled with friends and his very boisterous Greek family. Sounds like the makings of a great day, right? Wrong. As Hector tries to navigate family politics, awkward friendships and the young woman he is dangerously captivated by, the built-up tension explodes when Hector's hotheaded cousin slaps another couple's misbehaving child. Everyone is understandably stunned, and the party abruptly ends with the child's parents vowing legal action. But what the hosts and guests don't know is that this moment will ignite a chain of events that will uncover long-buried secrets within this group of friends and family ... and vigorously challenge the core values of everyone involved.
Good Witch	Comedy	8.0	The adventures of a mysteriously enchanting woman, who peaks the curiosity of her neighbors. Based on the "Good Witch" series of cable movies.
American Odyssey	Action	7.0	When Sgt. Odelle Ballard stumbles upon an explosive secret, she must do whatever it takes to survive and find a way back to her family.
Wayward Pines	Drama	7.8	Based on Blake Crouch's international best-selling series of books and brought to life by suspenseful storyteller M. Night Shyamalan, WAYWARD PINES stars Academy Award nominee Matt Dillon as a Secret Service agent on a mission to find two missing federal agents, whose investigation only turns up more questions. But each question leads him to the most important question of all: What's wrong with Wayward Pines?
Alaska: The Last Frontier	Adventure	none	Alaska: The Last Frontier follows the Kilcher family and their simple, off-the-grid lifestyle.
A Haunting	Drama	none	"When the door between the spirit world and ours is opened, the stuff of nightmares becomes reality". That's according to the introduction of this series "A Haunting" which dramatizes the "true" stories of people who have been haunted or experienced a haunting. In this docu-drama, the actual people involved recount their stories on-camera, as the frightening events of their stories are re-enacted....First quote in opening of show"Between the world we see and the things we fear, there are doors. When they are opened, nightmares become reality."
Cutthroat Kitchen	Cooking	7.0	Just how far is a chef willing to go to win a cooking competition? "Cutthroat Kitchen" hands four chefs each $25,000 and the opportunity to spend that money on helping themselves or sabotaging their competitors. Ingredients will be thieved, utensils destroyed and valuable time on the clock lost when the chefs compete to cook delicious dishes while also having to outplot the competition. With Alton Brown as the devilish provocateur, nothing is out of bounds when money changes hands and we see just how far chefs will go to ensure they have the winning dish.
Bizarre Foods with Andrew Zimmern	Cooking	none	Bizarre Foods with Andrew Zimmern is back with another round of exotic eats from around the globe! After 6 seasons of Bizarre Foods America exploring unusual edibles in his own backyard, Zimmern is dusting off his passport once again to crisscross the globe in search of the world's most bizarre foods. Zimmern believes that the best way to explore other cultures is by sharing food, even though what's common fare in one country may be a challenge for the western palate. In Bizarre Foods, this adventurous eater infiltrates markets and restaurants taking viewers behind the scenes to savor the local cuisine - even if that means gulping down ant eggs in Mexico City or slurping on snails in Portugal. This curious traveler is game for anything and knows the most interesting food is found closest to the source.
A Crime to Remember	Crime	9.0	Styles may change, but murder lasts forever. Investigation Discovery's newest series, A CRIME TO REMEMBER, invites viewers to step into the past and unravel the intricacies of real-life murder cases of the ‘50s and ‘60s. Set against the backdrop of Studebakers, fedoras, and three-martini lunches, these stories of truly mad men and women reveal complicated relationships where thwarted dreams and repressed passions led to terrible crimes. With A CRIME TO REMEMBER, ID inaugurates a new high-end cinematic style, using the visual grammar of movies to bring the era to life. To properly illustrate each time period, the series stays true to the fashion and styles while highlighting the cultural taboos and social norms that informed each case. Each story is driven by the narrative of a fictional bystander who "knew" the victim, while reporters who covered the case explain how the crime and investigation impacted society. With six episodes, each hour in this limited series plays out like a dramatic period thriller designed to have the viewer relive those "bad old days."
Little Women: LA	Drama	none	Terra Jolé, Tonya Banks, Elena Gant, Christy McGinity Gibel, Traci Harrison Tsou and Briana Manson all return for the second season of "Little Women: LA," and the stakes are higher than ever. When a shocking baby announcement is made and there's a new little lady in town, the group's friendships are pushed to the limit. In each hour-long episode, viewers get a unique glimpse into the lives of these girlfriends as they wade through the ups and downs of life, supporting one another every step of the way as they prove, once again, that height is just a number.
Cleaners	Action	8.0	The first season followed two gorgeous young women (Emmanuelle Chriqui, Emily Osment) who turn out to be a team of highly trained and lethal contract killers. While on an errand for their boss (Gershon), the job goes bad and the duo quickly find themselves as the target of their boss' client, the FBI (Arquette) - and even their own boss - whose team of assassins is now out to eliminate them. Season 2 opens on a Caribbean island two weeks after the end of season one. Veronica (Chriqui) and Roxie (Osment) realize they have not escaped their past just yet... The female assassins find themselves trying to take down a major drug cartel and are entangled in the trappings of Mother (Gershon), who is trying to hunt them down. All the while, Agent Barnes (Arquette) is on a mission to take down Mother.
Hollands Hoop	Drama	none	When forensic psychiatrist Fokke Augustine inherited a farm from his father, he's at home with a burnout. He decides to move to the Groningen countryside with his family. The farm appears to be a marijuana empire and is part of a criminal network. The ethical sense of Fokke is crumbling, especially when he is successful with doubtful activities.
Bosch	Drama	9.7	Based on Michael Connelly's best-selling novels, Harry Bosch (Titus Welliver), an LAPD homicide detective, stands trial for the fatal shooting of a serial murder suspect. A cold case involving the remains of a missing boy forces Bosch to confront his past.
Wallander	Drama	9.0	This drama follows Inspector Kurt Wallander – a middle-aged everyman – as he struggles against a rising tide of violence in the apparently sleepy backwaters in and around Ystad in Skane, southern Sweden. Based on the international best-selling books by Henning Mankell.
Unsere Mütter, unsere Väter	Drama	10.0	Generation War: Our Mothers, Our Fathers.The story of five German friends in the years from 1941 to 1945. Their friendship was meant to last their whole lives, but the war changed everything.
Paradox	Drama	9.0	Mysterious images that show incidents 18 hours before they happen are transmitted from space. As a space scientist attempts to explain their source, detectives race against time to change the future.
The Kill Point	Action	none	THE KILL POINT, an eight-hour event focusing on two men as they square off during a bank heist gone horribly wrong and the hostage negotiations that ensue. John Leguizamo is "Mr. Wolf," the leader of a small group of military veterans who set out to rob a major bank in Pittsburgh. When things go awry, they're forced to take more than a dozen hostages from all walks of life, including a wealthy and powerful businessman's daughter. Suddenly, "Mr. Wolf" finds himself battling the police, the hostages and members of his own team while at the same time, fighting his own personal demons from the Iraq war and from his own war at home. Will he be sharp enough to hold it all together or lose control of the situation? And will he find redemption before it's too late -- and does he even care to? On the opposite side of the perimeter is "Horst Cali," the Pittsburgh Police Department Hostage Negotiator, played by Donnie Wahlberg, who must go toe-to-toe with "Mr. Wolf." "Cali" must use his wit and negotiating skills, while managing his own personal issues, to manipulate the situation and convince Wolf to free the hostages before the FBI takes control, or worse. With time of the essence and the uncertainty of the unfolding events, both men need to remain resourceful and collected or risk losing lives. THE KILL POINT reveals how the hostage takers leverage their situation and how the negotiator tries to unravel their plans. Which man will blink? Who will outsmart the other? Who will survive? It's a dangerous game of chess played out with human lives at stake.
Ironside	Drama	8.3	In the gritty world of the NYPD, no one's tougher than Det. Robert Ironside. He's a fearless cop who won't stop until the guilty are brought to justice. He and his trusted, handpicked team of specialists - Virgil, Holly and Teddy, as well as his former partner Gary and boss, Det. Ed Rollins- will do whatever it takes to solve New York's most difficult and notorious crimes. As a detective, Ironside's instincts are second to none, and those around him have to stay on their toes if they want to keep up because when his spine was shattered by a bullet two years ago, Ironside swore he'd never let a wheelchair slow him down.
Full House	Comedy	none	Danny Tanner, widowed father of three young and rambunctious girls recruits his two buddies--his rock 'n' roller brother-in-law, Jesse, and his best friend, Joey, an infrequently employed stand-up comic--to move in and help him raise the brood.
Kingdom Hospital	Horror	7.3	Stephen King Presents Kingdom Hospital is the haunting new 15-hour drama series developed directly for television by the award-winning, best-selling master of horror. Using Lars Von Trier's Danish miniseries "Riget" (a.k.a. "The Kingdom") as a point of inspiration, King tells the terrifying story of The Kingdom, a hospital with a bizarre population that includes a nearly blind security guard, a nurse who regularly faints at the sight of blood and a paraplegic artist whose recovery is a step beyond miraculous. When patients and staff hear the tortured voice of a little girl crying through the halls, they are dismissive of any suggestion of mysticism of unseen powers ... but at their own peril.
Star Wars: Clone Wars	Action	10.0	The Clone Wars television series chronicles the events taking place between Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones and Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith. The Clone Wars will ultimately lead to the downfall of the Jedi and the rise of the Galactic Empire.
Melrose Place	Drama	none	In an elegant Spanish-style apartment building in the trendy Melrose neighborhood of Los Angeles, a diverse group of 20-somethings have formed a close-knit surrogate family. Sydney Andrews (Laura Leighton, the original "Melrose Place") is the landlady, still beautiful at 40, and a central figure in the lives of all her tenants, especially handsome and rebellious David Breck (Shaun Sipos, "Shark"). Sydney started an affair with David despite her turbulent history with his estranged father, Dr. Michael Mancini (Thomas Calabro, the original "Melrose Place"). Both father and son learned through experience that Sydney was not above using blackmail to control people. Another tenant, high-powered publicist Ella Simms (Katie Cassidy, "Supernatural"), once considered Sydney her mentor, but their friendship was destroyed by betrayal, and Sydney threatened to evict Ella and ruin her career. Sydney also played a pivotal role in the career of Auggie Kirkpatrick (Colin Egglesfield, "All My Children"). After they met at an AA meeting, she became Auggie's sponsor and encouraged his dream to become a chef. Now a successful sous chef at the trendy restaurant Coal, Auggie has been avoiding Sydney since she began drinking again. The other tenants include Lauren Yung (Stephanie Jacobsen, "Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles"), a medical student in desperate need of money to pay her student loans, and Jonah Miller (Michael Rady, "Swingtown"), an aspiring filmmaker who has just proposed to his live-in girlfriend Riley Richmond (Jessica Lucas, "Cloverfield"), a first-grade teacher. The newest tenant, 18-year-old Violet Foster (Ashlee Simpson-Wentz, "7th Heaven"), has just arrived in LA with her own secret connection to Sydney. When a bloody body is found floating in the courtyard pool, David is the leading suspect. However, as the police are soon to discover, almost everyone living at Melrose Place had a reason to want the deceased out of the way.
Law & Order: UK	Drama	9.5	"In the criminal justice system, the people are represented by two separate, yet equally important groups: the police who investigate crime, and the Crown Prosecutors who prosecute the offenders. These are their stories.""Law & Order: UK" is a British television crime drama following both police and prosecutors as they bring criminals to justice, based on the original "Law & Order" - each episode is based on an original script from that show with suitable changes for the English legal system. The "Law" is the fictional "Central London Police" and the "Order" is the Crown Prosecution Service. The series airs on ITV and is produced by the independent production company Kudos.
Ben 10: Ultimate Alien	Action	none	An all-new animated series follows 16-year-old Ben Tennyson as his secret identity has been revealed to the world and he's now an international mega-star super hero, loved by kids the world over but distrusted by many adults. Armed with a mysterious new Omnitrix, Ben will see action in places he's never been.
Ben 10: Omniverse	Action	none	Ben takes on new fiendish forms in BEN 10 OMNIVERSE, GALACTIC MONSTERS. Halloween is coming early to Bellwood, and to beat scary new villains like zombie clowns and evil vampires, Ben will have to take some monster alien forms of his own. Get to know two of them, Snare-oh and Blitzwolfer, in the Ben 10 Game Creator, and check out the monstrously remixed show opening here! Monsters, mummies and werewolves may be taking over, but Ben has defended the universe from the worst of the worst. Now it's hero time on Monster Planet!The spooky fun begins with "Something Zombozo This Way Comes," when Ben and Rook must stop Zombozo and the Circus Freaks from turning everyone in Bellwood into zombie clowns. Tune-in to Cartoon Network every Saturday morning to see who comes out of the shadows next!
Endeavour	Crime	9.0	The early days of a young Endeavour Morse, whose experiences as a detective constable with the Oxford City Police will ultimately shape his future.
Foyle's War	Drama	9.7	Post-WWII drama. Foyle, now working for British Intelligence, is drawn into the world of corrupt Nazi businessmen when a London university professor is found murdered.
Prime Suspect	Drama	9.3	This tense, uncompromising drama starring the Oscar®-winning actress Helen Mirren and from the distinguished dramatist and novelist Lynda La Plante, has been critically acclaimed on both sides of the Atlantic and has won a total of 14 international awards including BAFTAs for 'Drama Serial' and 'TV Actress'.
The Deep End	Drama	none	Sterling Law is one of L.A.'s most prestigious law firms. Each year it recruits four new young lawyers from the finest law schools worldwide. It will nurture, guide and shape these recruits into the best damned lawyers they can possibly be or else. This year the lucky four are Dylan, a blue collar kid made-good; Addy, a sweet mid-Westerner with a lethal legal mind; Beth, a brilliant Brentwood babe; and Liam, an Australian with serious drive. Sterling Law is under the control of ruthless senior partner Cliff Huddle, aka "The Prince of Darkness." But when legendary partner Hart Sterling returns to the firm after a long hiatus caring for his dying wife, he's ready to shake things up. The only way for these first years to survive being caught in the middle of this major power struggle is to support each other, even as they compete against one another in the cutthroat arena of corporate law. They discover unlikely allies in their mercurial recruiter Rowdy and litigating whirlwind Susan, who is Cliff's icy, but talented wife. Dylan also manages to make a deeper connection with an ace paralegal named Addy, but every alliance at Sterling is complicated. Addy is drawn to Dylan, but it seems she hasn't quite broken off her affair with Cliff.
The Wonder Years	Drama	none	Set in 1968-1973, the series tackles the social issues and historic events of that time through the eyes of main character Kevin Arnold. Kevin also deals with typical teenage social issues, including those prompted by his main love interest, Winnie Cooper, as well as typical family troubles. The story is narrated by an older, wiser Kevin, describing what is happening and what he learned from his experiences in an alternately nostalgic and ironic tone.
Every Witch Way	Comedy	10.0	Every Witch Way follows 14-year-old Emma Alonso, as she moves to Miami and her ordinary life is turned upside-down when she discovers that she is a witch. Luckily Emma quickly finds a friend in tomboy Andi but when Emma develops a crush on the boy next door, Daniel, she also has to deal with his Queen Bee ex-girlfriend Maddie, a girl who has her own magical family secret. Just as Emma's new found witch skills start to materialise, she also has to negotiate the halls of Iridium High. Maddie and her clique The Panthers run the school and the boys on the swim team, the Sharks, are always up to something to win or impress a girl. Plus there's no chance of getting away with any social blunders as Miss Information, the school gossip, documents everything on her blog read by the entire school.
Millennium	Crime	9.0	Retired serial-profiler Frank Black has moved his family to Seattle to escape the violence and horror he dealt with while working for the FBI in Washington, D.C. Although his uncanny and often unsettling ability to see into the twisted minds of serial killers has caused him much inner torment, Black knows his "gift" can still be used to help protect and save others. For that reason he has joined the mysterious Millennium Group, a team of underground ex-law enforcement experts dedicated to fighting against the ever-growing forces of evil and darkness in the world.
The Adventures of Brisco County, Jr.	Action	7.9	A bounty hunter rides the Old West, fighting bad guys, many with futuristic-type gadgets.
Adventures of Superman	Drama	10.0	Adventures of Superman is an American syndicated children's television series based on comic book characters and concepts created in 1938 by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster. The series saw six seasons and one-hundred-four half-hour episodes. Sponsored by cereal manufacturer Kellogg's, the show's initial and final air dates are sometimes disputed but generally accepted as September 19, 1952 to April 28, 1958. The show's first two seasons were filmed in black-and-white while seasons four through six were filmed in color, though broadcast monochromatically. Adventures of Superman was the first television series to feature Superman though the superhero had appeared as a character in a radio program starring Bud Collyer, two theatrical serials starring Kirk Alyn and Noel Neill, and a series of Max Fleischer cartoons. The television series began filming in 1951 in Culver City, California with exterior locations filmed in and around the Los Angeles area and the San Fernando Valley. Episodes follow Superman as he battles gangsters, thugs, mad scientists, meteors and malfunctioning radioactive machines in the city of Metropolis. In the first episode, his origin on the planet Krypton and his arrival on Earth are dramatized while in succeeding episodes, he conceals his identity by posing as mild mannered Daily Planet reporter Clark Kent who, in times of crisis, scoots to a broom closet, sheds his civvies, and reappears in superhero tights and trunks to rescue hapless folk from the clutches of ne'er-do-wells. In the last seasons, the kindly but absent-minded Professor Pepperwinkle creates problems for Superman with his bizarre inventions. Adventures of Superman won no major awards but was popular with its audience and remains popular today. Its opening theme, The Superman March, has become a classic of its kind and is instantly recognizable by most television buffs. Since the show's cancellation, several of its stars have participated in Superman-related conventions, autograph signings, and other events. In 2003, Noel Neill published her memoirs Truth, Justice, and The American Way: The Life and Times of Noel Neill. In 2006, the death of George Reeves was dramatized in the film Hollywoodland with Ben Affleck starring in the role of Reeves. In 2006, the series became available in its entirety on DVD and reruns of the show still hold a place on television progamming schedules.
Boston Med	Drama	none	king up where "Hopkins" left off, "Boston Med" travels to a city renowned for medical excellence and home to three superb American hospitals, Massachusetts General Hospital, Brigham and Women's Hospital, and Children's Hospital. Over four months, ABC cameras had unparalleled access to hospital staffs and patients. From operating rooms to end-of-life meetings, "Boston Med" explores the culture of doctors and nurses and the conversations that happen outside the patient's earshot. This unsparing look at the ups and downs of hospital care holds many surprises for viewers.
Cold Justice	Crime	9.5	Kelly Siegler, a Texas prosecutor for 21 years who has successfully tried 68 murder cases, and Yolanda McClary, a crime scene investigator who worked more than 7,000 cases in her 26 years on the Las Vegas Police Department, are putting their vast knowledge and experience to work helping local law-enforcement officers and families of violent-crime victims get to the truth. With a fresh set of eyes on old evidence, superior interrogation skills and access to advanced DNA technology and lab testing, Siegler and McClary are determined to bring about a legal and emotional resolution. Taking on a different unsolved crime each week, they will carefully re-examine evidence, question suspects and witnesses, and chase down leads in order to solve cases that would have otherwise remained cold indefinitely.
Conviction	Drama	9.0	This newest legal drama series from Emmy Award winner Dick Wolf ("Law & Order"-brand series) is a fast-paced, character-oriented story focusing on young assistant district attorneys in New York who handle tough, high-profile cases that challenge their experience. Nick Potter (Jordan Bridges) leaves a cushy private firm to join the chaos of the New York District Attorney's office, headed by new bureau chief Alexandra Cabot (Stephanie March, reprising her role from "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit"). Their current assignments include prosecuting a drug dealer, while newbie Sara Finn (Julianne Nicholson) frets when she loses key evidence in her own case. But the Assistant D.A.s are shocked when a member of their team is gunned down -- and one of their own might be responsible.
Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman	Action	6.5	A sleek, sexy, Emmy-nominated 1990s take on the enduring superhero, culled from DC Comics, which has spawned numerous successful film and TV versions of him as boy and man. All of which further demonstrated that while Kryptonite can kill the Man of Steel, changing times can't. Here, leads Dean Cain and Teri Hatcher have the looks and the chemistry, and the timeless question (seriously, how can Lois NOT know Clark is Superman?) plays itself out until they find true love.
Standoff	Drama	9.0	STANDOFF centers on Matt Flannery and Emily Lehman, top-ranked FBI crisis negotiators who are forced to come clean about their secret relationship after it is revealed during a tense hostage standoff that they are sleeping together. Too valuable as a team to be split up, they are now under the watchful eye of their boss and their colleagues. STANDOFF combines the crackling romantic relationship at its core with intense drama and humor as these negotiators vow not to cross the line and let their personal feelings get in the way of the job. But they learn quickly that, in life and in love, everything is a negotiation.
Vikings	Drama	8.0	Neil Oliver goes in search of the truth about the Vikings beyond their violent reputation.
Whodunnit?	Drama	none	Actors play victims, suspects and investigators in a staged mystery, during which three contestants and a panel of experts gather clues to identify the murderer.
Wonder Woman	Action	none	A colorful spin on Charles Moulton's comic about the Amazon goddess battling evil during World War II and later, in more recent times, against new enemies. The change came after the series jumped from ABC to CBS, with the heroine joining a covert military agency. Wonder Woman began as two TV-movies (the first in 1974 with Cathy Lee Crosby) and several specials before finding a regular prime-time home in late 1976. Debra Winger appeared occasionally as Drusilla, Wonder Woman's kid sister.
iMPACT Wrestling	Drama	none	Originally known as "TNA iMPACT!" now known as "iMPACT Wrestling" is 2 hours of fast paced, innovative, usually high flying, sometimes brutal pro-wrestling. Featuring a mix of stars you know and love and new, up and coming talent, it'll blow away the cobwebs and leave you wanting more.
Empire	Drama	7.6	From Academy Award nominee Lee Daniels ("Lee Daniels' The Butler," "Precious"), Emmy Award winner Danny Strong ("Game Change," "Lee Daniels' The Butler") and Academy Award- and Emmy Award-winning producer Brian Grazer ("A Beautiful Mind," "24"), comes a drama about a family dynasty, set within a world of music, glamour, danger and power. Featuring music by prolific producer Timbaland, the series stars Academy Award nominee Terrence Howard ("Crash," "Hustle & Flow") and Academy Award and Emmy Award nominee Taraji P. Henson ("No Good Deed," "Person of Interest").
Lab Rats	Comedy	none	"Lab Rats" introduces Leo just as he settles into the high-tech home he shares with his inventor stepdad, Donald Davenport, his mom, Tasha, and Eddy, the "smart house" computer. There he discovers a secret underground lab with three experiments, super-human teens: Adam the strong one, Bree the fast one and Chase the smart one. The trio, eager to leave their confines, convinces Leo and his parents to let them join him at school where they try to fit in while trying to manage their unpredictable bionic strengths. Along the way, they help Leo build self confidence while he figures out a way to keep their bionic abilities a secret from the world.
Humans	Drama	8.4	Humans is set in a parallel present where the latest must-have gadget for any busy family is a ‘Synth' - a highly-developed robotic servant eerily similar to its live counterpart. In the hope of transforming the way they live, one strained suburban family purchases a refurbished synth only to discover that sharinglife with a machine has far-reaching and chilling consequences.
Powers	Drama	6.7	Combining the genres of superhero fantasy, crime noir and police procedural, Powers, whose order is said to be around 10 episodes, is set in a world full of people with superhuman abilities and where all of those powers are just another catalyst for mayhem and murder. The series follows Detective Christian Walker, who is in charge of protecting humans like us and investigating cases involving the God-like men and women, referred to as Powers, who glide through the sky on lightning bolts and fire and who clash above cities in epic battle, oblivious to the mortals below.
Man Seeking Woman	Comedy	7.0	Man Seeking Woman follows naïve twenty-something "Josh Greenberg" on his unrelenting quest for love. Josh soldiers through one-night stands, painful break-ups, a blind date with a troll, time travel, sex aliens, many deaths and a Japanese penis monster named Tanaka on his fantastical journey to find love.
Fortitude	Drama	7.6	Fortitude is a place like nowhere else. Although surrounded by the savage beauty of the Arctic landscape, Fortitude is one of the safest towns on earth. There has never been a violent crime here. Until now. In such a close-knit community a murder touches everyone and the unsettling, mysterious horror of this crime threatens the future of the town itself. The local Chief of Police, Sheriff Dan Anderssen (Dormer), has to investigate alongside DCI Morton (Tucci), the detective who has flown into Fortitude so fast that questions are being asked about how much he knew, and when. As these two cops try to make sense of the killing, each finds compelling reasons to mistrust and suspect the other. The murder is a catastrophe for Hildur Odegard (Grabol), the town's Governor. It threatens her ambitious plans to transform Fortitude from a mining town into a site for high-end tourism. And for Henry Tyson (Gambon), a wildlife photographer who only has weeks left to live, the murder is the catalyst to unearthing Fortitude's darkest secret.Also key to the story are Charlie Stoddart (Eccleston), an English scientist who heads up the Arctic Biology department at the Fortitude Arctic Research Centre, talented young scientist Vincent Rattrey (Treadaway), the newest member of Stoddart's team, and Jules Sutter (Raine), who is married to Frank Sutter (Pinnock), Fortitude's chief search and rescue pilot.As the cold Arctic darkness gives way to endless summer nights, this apparently idyllic community struggles to make sense of the murderous horror that has been let loose in its heart.
Sense8	Drama	8.8	Netflix will bring Georgeville Television's Sense8, a gripping global tale of minds linked and souls hunted, exclusively to its members to watch instantly in 2015. The 12 episode season one of Sense8 marks the first foray into television by the Wachowskis, the creative geniuses behind Bound, The Matrix, The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Revolutions, V for Vendetta, Speed Racer and Cloud Atlas, and is the latest project from veteran show runner J. Michael Straczynski , creator of the Hugo Award-winning Babylon 5 TV series and whose film credits include Changeling, Thor and Underworld Awakening.Sense8 will tell the story of eight strangers (Smith, Middleton, Ameen, Bae, Silvestre, Desae, Riemelt, and Clayton) from different cultures and parts of the world, who, in the aftermath of a tragic death, suddenly find themselves mentally and emotionally connected – an evolutionary leap of technological origin. While trying to figure why this happened and what it means for the future of mankind, a mysterious and powerful man named Jonas will try to bring the eight together, while another stranger called Mr. Whispers and his organization will attempt to hunt them down to capture or assassinate them. Each episode will focus on one character and their story
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt	Comedy	8.3	"The very construct of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt — its offbeat premise, hilarious and rich characters and serialized storytelling — make it a perfect Netflix comedy series," said Cindy Holland, VP Original Content at Netflix. "Tina and Robert's unique comic voice and sensibility come through in this series."
Daredevil	Drama	8.4	Matt Murdock, a Marvel Comics hero who's a lawyer by day but fights the bad guys at night to avenge the murder of his father, a boxer. But what sets Matt apart from most superheroes isn't his back story it's his handicap. Matt is blind, the result of a childhood accident that may have removed his ability to see but gifted him with heightened senses of touch, taste, hearing and smell.
Marvel's Jessica Jones	Action	8.0	Ritter will play Jessica Jones, first introduced in writer Brian Michael Bendis and artist Michael Gaydos' classic ALIAS comic series. After a tragic ending to her short-lived Super Hero stint, Jones is rebuilding her personal life and career as a detective who gets pulled into cases involving people with extraordinary abilities in New York City.
Westworld	Action	7.0	WESTWORLD is a dark odyssey about the dawn of artificial consciousness and the future of sin. Inspired by the motion picture "Westworld," written and directed by Michael Crichton.
Bloodline	Drama	7.9	"Bloodline" is a dramatic thriller that explores the demons lurking beneath the surface of a contemporary American family.
Touched by an Angel	Drama	none	A trio of angels Monica (Roma Downey), Tess (Della Reese), and Andrew (John Dye) are dispatched from heaven with a special mission: to inspire people facing sometimes unseen crossroads in their lives. Monica, an angel who at times still needs some guidance with her earthly assignments, reports to Tess, her tough, wise and always loving supervisor. Also on hand is Andrew, who, in addition to his duties as the Angel of Death, now helps out as a caseworker on various assignments. Gloria, an angel for the 21st century, continues to seek guidance from Monica performing her angelic duties. While the angels may not bring solutions to every problem, they always deliver a message of hope.
The First 48	Drama	none	The First 48 follows detectives from around the country during these first critical hours as they race against time to find the suspect. Gritty and fast-paced, it takes viewers behind the scenes of real-life investigations with unprecedented access to crime scenes, autopsies, forensic processing, and interrogations.
Dracula	Drama	7.3	Golden Globe winner Jonathan Rhys Meyers ("The Tudors") stars in this provocative new drama as one of the world's most iconic characters. It's the late 19th century and the mysterious Dracula (Rhys Meyers) has arrived in London, posing as an American entrepreneur who wants to bring modern science to Victorian society. He's especially interested in the new technology of electricity, which promises to brighten the night - useful for someone who avoids the sun. But he has another reason for his travels: He hopes to take revenge on those who cursed him with immortality centuries earlier. Everything seems to be going according to plan... until he becomes infatuated with a woman who appears to be a reincarnation of his dead wife.
Welcome to Sweden	Comedy	none	Swedish comedy from 2014. American Bruce Evans moves from New York to Stockholm with his Swedish girlfriend Emma to start a new life. But it will not be easy for Bruce with the conversion, it means moving to a new country with a different culture and the question is whether their love will survive.
Betas	Comedy	6.7	Four computer geeks have what they think is a brilliant idea -- a social networking app that, in the words of ringleader Trey, "introduces you to the people you should know," unlike other popular sites, that simply let you keep up with people you already know. They have the app working (which required hacking into the already popular social networking sites for personal data), but they need an angel -- someone to invest some cash in their dream. They target George Murcheson, an investor who has passed on the likes of Facebook, Foursquare and Pinterest. Unable to get an appointment with the man, they crash his party and demo their app, which his investment adviser proclaims a stalker's dream. Murcheson's money could make or break the guys' futures. Raunchy, and with a lot of emphasis on sex and drugs, this Amazon original is not for the younger crowd, but offers grown-ups a look inside the workings of Silicon Valley and the roller-coaster ride of the start-up.
Last Tango In Halifax	Drama	none	Celia and Alan are both widowed and in their seventies. When their respective grandsons put their details on Facebook, they rediscover a passionate relationship that started over sixty years ago.
Our World War	War	10.0	Tense combat drama series revealing experiences of British soldiers in World War One.
Heroes Reborn	Drama	9.3	The saga behind the 2006 breakout series "Heroes" will continue as creator Tim Kring returns to the fold and develops new layers to his original superhero concept. This highly anticipated 13-episode miniseries will reconnect with the basic elements of the show's first season where ordinary people were waking up to the fact that they had extraordinary abilities. This series will be preceded by a new digital series that will introduce audiences to the new characters and storylines that will take the "Heroes" phenomenon to new places.
Tiny House Nation	DIY	none	In "Tiny House Nation", renovation experts and hosts, John Weisbarth and Zack Giffin, travel across America to show off ingenious small spaces and the inventive people who live in them, as well as help new families design and construct their own mini-dream home in a space no larger than 500 square feet. From a micro-apartment in New York City to a caboose car turned home in Montana to a micro-sized mobile home for road tripping – this is a series that celebrates the exploding movement of tiny homes. From pricey to budget friendly, "Tiny House Nation" is not a typical design show, but one that proves size doesn't always matter – it's creativity that counts.
Arctic Air	Drama	8.0	ARCTIC AIR is a one-hour adventure series set in the booming Arctic, about a maverick airline and the unconventional family who runs it. That world is Yellowknife, and the High Arctic that lies beyond. The vast terrain and unforgiving climate mean the stakes are sky-high. This is life without a safety net.
Our Zoo	Drama	8.0	Drama series based on the true story of the Mottershead family who, in the face of staunch opposition and huge personal sacrifice, founded Chester Zoo in the 1930s.
Iris	Drama	none	Seven-part drama series about the lone female veterinarian Iris de Weerdt, who in her hometown, the rural village Rodenburg, has to deal with rural intolerance and misunderstanding.
Athena Goddess of War	Drama	8.5	"Athena: Goddess of War" (taken after the mythological goddess of war) is a spin-off of the 2009 KBS2 drama "IRIS" with new characters.
Iris	Drama	9.0	Two elite National Security System (NSS) agents, Hyeong-Jun and Sa-Woo who were sworn blood brothers, both fall for fellow agent Seung-Hee. Sa-Woo attempts to suppress his feelings for Seung-Hee and wishes the couple the best.
War And Remembrance	Drama	8.0	Filmed on location in ten countries, this extraordinary production is the largest and most ambitious undertaking in television and motion picture history. Featuring an all-star cast and spectacular reenactments of the Allied invasions at Normandy and the Philippines, Herman Wouk s classic novel is brought to life in an award-winning mini-series that vividly recreates one of history s most unforgettable chapters.
The Winds Of War	Drama	8.0	The Winds of War captures the world changing events leading up to WWII and the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941.
The Game	Drama	7.0	In the secret world of espionage, the players are set and the fight to save Britain begins. A complex invisible war is being fought by skilled spies trained in the high stakes world of covert espionage. In 1972 London, tensions are at a terrifying peak as the world's super powers plot against their enemies. The threat: a dangerous and deadly Soviet plot, designed to bring Britain to its knees, dubbed Operation Glass. This is where The Game begins – a stylish, character-driven spy drama that explores the lives and lies of the invisible soldiers fighting a secret war.
Death in Paradise	Crime	8.7	Detective Inspector Richard Poole is transferred to Sainte Marie, an island in the Caribbean. Totally unsuited to the Caribbean way of life, Richard hates the sun, sea and sand and isn't used to the Sainte Marie style of policing. Working with the exotic Camille each week Richard investigates intricate and intriguing murders.
Tokyo Ghoul	Anime	none	The story follows Ken Kaneki, a college student who meets a woman named Rize Kamishiro at Anteiku, a coffee shop. They share an interest in literature and plan a date. While walking Rize home, Ken is attacked by her. Rize reveals that she is a ghoul, a human-like creature that hunts and devours human flesh. As she is about to finish him off, she is crushed by a falling platform. Kaneki is taken to the hospital in critical condition. The doctor decides to transplant Rize's organs into Ken. He then must deal with life as a half-human/half-ghoul, including interacting with ghoul society and its conflicting factions, while striving to keep his identity secret from other humans.
Aldnoah.Zero	Action	none	In 1972, the Apollo 17 mission discovered a hypergate to Mars on the surface of the moon. Soon a war breaks out between Earth and Mars, and Martian soldiers begin to descend from the sky, riding steel giants, intent on exterminating humanity.
The Returned	Drama	7.0	The Returned focuses on a small town that is turned upside down when several local people who have been long presumed dead suddenly reappear, having not aged and unaware of their own fatality. As they attempt to resume their lives, strange phenomena and gruesome murders begin to occur. The Returned takes an incredibly unique approach, filled with suspense and twists and turns, to the subject of the living dead.
Worlds Funniest Fails	Comedy	none	An irreverent one-hour series, WORLD'S FUNNIEST FAILS is inspired by the hit YouTube channel, FailArmy, which showcases the best "epic fail" viral videos in the most entertaining ways possible. Each week a panel of celebrities and comedians will analyze the videos which have exploded across the internet, with the goal of awarding one with the ultimate "Fail of the Week."
Nazi Mega Weapons	War	8.0	In the quest for world domination, the Nazis built some of the biggest and deadliest pieces of military hardware and malevolent technology in history. With brilliant, dark minds and a legion of captive labor at their disposal, the Nazis believed the path to ultimate victory was to out-build and out-engineer their enemies. To them, bigger definitely meant better, and better meant more lethal. As Hitler's grip on Europe tightened, he ordered men like Wernher von Braun, Ferdinand Porsche and Alfried Krupp to build increasingly outlandish machines and structures to realize his master plan. This is World War II told from a new perspective. This series uncovers the engineering secrets of three iconic mega structures, tells the stories of the evil geniuses that designed them and reveals how these structures sparked a technological revolution that changed warfare forever.
A Place To Call Home	Drama	10.0	From the creator of Packed to the Rafters comes the sweeping and romantic drama A Place To Call Home. It tells the story of a mysterious woman perched between the harsh legacy of World War II and the hope of a new life in Australia and of a wealthy family forced by her to embrace the winds of social change.
Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Science-Fiction	7.3	Blast off with every groundbreaking episode of the action-packed sci-fi adventure, Buck Rogers in the 25th Century! Join legendary intergalactic crimefighters William "Buck" Rogers and Colonel Wilma Deering as they lead the crew of the starship Searcher against a galaxy of evil from the past, present and faraway future. This must-own five-disc collection presents the entire Buck Rogers series and original theatrical pilot on DVD for the first time ever. Thrill to the epic sci-fi hit that the Associated Press called "razzle-dazzle good fun."
Cavemen	Comedy	none	They've been around since the dawn of time, survived the Ice Age and witnessed the evolution of the Homo sapiens. Keeping mostly to themselves over the millennia and living in remote communities, a small number of cavemen and cavewomen have been slowly migrating from these sub-societies and attempting to acclimate themselves to the Homo sapien world. Needless to say, this has proven difficult. Meet three cavemen who have successfully made the move to San Diego and are just trying to fit in. Joel is a sophisticated and intelligent man who has a beautiful girlfriend, a decent job and shares an apartment with his younger brother, Andy and his best friend, Nick. Nick is wary of the Homo sapien world and feels like he's running away from his heritage. Andy, on the other hand, looks at this new world with his eyes wide open and is willing to take risks in order to learn and live life to the fullest. Nick questions Joel on many of his choices, including his girlfriend, Kate, a beautiful Homo sapien woman. The fact that Kate's eccentric mother, Leslie owns Joel's condominium complex makes things even more complicated for the three roommates. Meanwhile, Kate's best friend, Thorne, is intent on discovering the cavemen's wilder side. On the premiere episode, "Her Embarrassed of Caveman," Joel attempts to hide the fact that he's dating a "sape" aka Homo sapien woman from Nick, Andy and friend Maurice, but also feels that she may be embarrassed to tell her friends that she's dating a caveman. Meanwhile Andy comes to town to get away from his girlfriend, who cheated on him.
Crusoe	Drama	8.0	After exhausting all of his business ventures in London, Crusoe is forced to leave his family and travel to the new world in hopes of getting out his impending debt. After almost being killed by an assassin on the ship, Crusoe awakens to find himself stranded on a deserted island. Crusoe then saves a native man from the jaws of cannibals and makes a friend for life. Crusoe and his faithful friend Friday then struggle to survive on a deserted island with a little more than their wits. They must overcome marauding militias, hungry cannibals, pirates and starvation, Crusoe dreams of the day he will be reunited with his beloved family. Crusoe constantly is reminded of his wife Susannah and children left behind in England and their love story will unfold from meeting to marriage, as will his relationship with his mentor and patron, the mysterious Jeremiah Blackthorn.
Earth: Final Conflict	Drama	7.6	In the early twenty-first century Earth is visited by the Taelons', an alien species, claiming to be companions of humanity. They use their superior technology and wisdom to help Earth solve its most pressing problems – famine, disease, war – but suspicions arise that a darker agenda may be part of the Taelons' ultimate plans.  The only hope to discover the truth falls to a small team of humans lead by William Boone, a former Special Forces soldier turned cop. After rescuing Da'an, the Taelon "overseer" for North America from assassination, Boone is made their interspecies liaison. Along with members of a budding underground human resistance movement, Boone investigates the purpose behind the Taelons' acts of benevolence to uncover the true intentions of their visit to Earth. Only one thing is certain, what they might discover will change humanity forever.
Hogan's Heroes	Comedy	10.0	HOGAN'S HEROES focuses on a group of American soldiers, led by Colonel Hogan , who are confined in a Nazi prisoner of war camp called Stalag 13 during World War II. While trapped in Stalag 13, the inmates conduct an espionage and sabotage campaign right under the noses of their warders. Because the Germans, led by the bumbling Colonel Wilhelm Klink, are often gullible, the real strength of Hogan's men are the elaborate ruses and sometimes dangerous lengths they will go to complete their mission.
Jeremiah	Drama	8.0	A stunning sci-fi epic that re-envisions the future of mankind, this top-rated, action-packed original series is "intriguing" (Associated Press), "fascinating" (Ft. Lauderdale Sun-Sentinel) and "deep and intense" (Science Fiction Weekly)! Luke Perry stars as Jeremiah, one of the many young survivors of the "Big Death" that claimed the lives of every adult in the world 15 years ago. Now forging his way through a bleak wilderness fraught with danger and conspiracy, Jeremiah and his most trusted friend, Kurdy , are plunged into thrilling adventures that test every facet of their humanity…and ultimately the fate of the human race itself!
L.A. Law	Drama	10.0	Co-created by Stephen Bochco and Terry Louise Fisher, the Emmy Award-winning series takes us inside the law firm of McKenzie, Brackman, Chaney and Kuzak. There, a team of ambitious and competitive attorneys must face the conflicts between their personal desires, their obligations as lawyers, and their principles as human beings. A portrayal of the law and its litigators that was both realistic and irreverent, L.A. Law became a favorite of critics and audiences alike during its eight-year run on NBC from 1986 to 1994.
Lost in Space	Adventure	7.8	The Robinson family was supposed to set off on a five-year mission to explore a distant planet, but an act of sabotage by the scheming Dr. Zachary Smith - who managed to get himself trapped aboard the spaceship - leaves them adrift in space for three years. The Robinsons, pilot Don West, Dr. Smith and their trusty robot move from planet to planet, always searching for a way to return to Earth.
The Love Boat	Comedy	8.5	Each week, passengers looking for romance board the beautiful Pacific Princess cruise ship as it sails to tropical and exotic lands. Captain Stubing, Julie, Gopher, Dr.Adam, and Isaac help them to get the most out of their trips and do their best to help them fall in love.
Man from Atlantis	Drama	none	The adventures of a man with amphibious abilities.
Newhart	Comedy	7.5	Bob Newhart returns to the TV as Dick Loudon, as he and his wife Joanna decide to leave life in New York City and buy a little inn in Vermont. Dick is a how-to book writer, who eventually becomes a local TV celebrity as host of "Vermont Today."
Night Court	Comedy	9.0	A young and unusual judge arrives in Manhattan's night court and begins deciding cases in a most unusual manner, much to the horror of his court clerk and all else in the courtroom.
Punk'd	Comedy	none	Famous prank show hosted by Ashton Kutcher.
The Six Million Dollar Man	Drama	7.7	Grievously injured in the crash of an experimental aircraft, Colonel Steve Austin's shattered body is covertly rebuilt via the miracle of modern science known as bionics. Equipped with atomic-powered limbs that make him "better, stronger, faster" than the average mortal, Austin can now run at speeds exceeding 60 miles per hour, overturn cars with ease, and spot an encroaching enemy from over a mile away. Under the watchful eye of OSI director Oscar Goldman, Steve repays his debt to the taxpayers by taking on perilous missions of a highly classified nature. Season 1 chronicles Steve Austin's amazing metamorphosis from "a man barely alive" to cyborg to patriotic superspy. Armed with futuristic abilities, Austin is dispatched to do battle with kidnappers, arms smugglers, evil scientists, political assassins, and a diabolical robot—with time enough to spare to counsel a troubled astronaut and clear his dead father's name.
That Girl	Comedy	none	A perky aspiring actress tries to start a career in New York, getting encouragement from her boyfriend, Don, and her family. For many young women, Ann Marie was an independent role model for the times (the late '60s) for having left the nest in pursuit of a career. She also inspired trends in fashion with her flipped-up hairdo and cute, mod clothes. Marlo Thomas received Emmy nominations in four of its five seasons. The show was created by Bill Persky and Sam Denoff (`The Dick Van Dyke Show').
One Piece	Action	10.0	"ONE PIECE" animation is based on the successful comic by Eiichiro Oda. The comic has sold more than 260 million copies. The success doesn't stop; the "ONE PIECE" animation series is in its top 5 TV ratings for kids programs in Japan for past few years and the series' most recent feature film title "ONE PIECE Film Z" which was released on December 2012 has gathered 5.6 million viewers so far. The success goes beyond borders; receives high popularity on animation at terrestrial channel in Taiwan, no.1 rating on animation at a DTT channel in France, received high popularity among age 3-13 on a terrestrial channel in Germany in year 2010. The animation series has been broadcasted in many parts of the world: USA, UK, Australia, France, Spain, Portugal, Germany, Italy, Greece, Turkey, Israel, South Korea, Taiwan, China, Hong Kong, Philippine, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Ecuador, Nicaragua, Chile, Mexico, Brazil, and etc.
Yes, Dear	Comedy	6.0	YES, DEAR is a comedy about two young couples and their outrageously contrasting views on parenting. Greg and Kim Warner (Anthony Clark and Jean Louisa Kelly) struggle on a daily basis to become perfect at the job. Kim is a neurotic, stay-at-home mother, and although her husband, Greg, is a success in his career, his more difficult job is keeping his wife calm as they raise their two young children. While Kim is determined to be the perfect mother and perfect wife and to raise the perfect children, her sister, Christine Hughes (Liza Snyder), a very down-to-earth mother of two, continually reminds her that life will never be perfect. Christine's husband, Jimmy (Mike O'Malley), often feels compelled to share with his brother-in-law his philosophy about being a husband and a parent while still remaining a man.
Queer as Folk	Drama	none	Set in and around the Manchester 'scene', this groundbreaking Channel 4 drama written by Russell T Davies, documents the lives and loves of three young gay men: Stuart, Vince and Nathan.
Spider-Man Unlimited	Action	7.0	Enjoy the unlimited power of swinging and running as Spider-Man in a chaotic Manhattan and battle the Formidable Sinister Six!  Experience the Spider-Man comics come to life in a brand new episodic adventure, featuring content from over 50 years of Spider-Man Comics.
Restless	Drama	8.0	Based on the bestselling novel by William Boyd, enter a cloak and dagger world where everyone and everything is under suspicion. Haunted by the death of her brother at the hands of fascist thugs, Russian émigré Eva Delectorskaya is recruited to be a British secret agent by the shadowy figure, Lucas Romer. After proving her merit in the field, she is sent on the most dangerous mission of her life. She must use any means necessary to manipulate the American press and draw the States into World War II. Unbeknownst to her, there are more sinister powers at work, and a deadly betrayal forces her into hiding. But once a spy, always a spy. Years later, she is gripped with paranoia when she fears her cover has been blown. With no one else to turn to, she recruits her unsuspecting daughter to help uncover the truth and confront the elusive Romer. After a life of conspiracy and intrigue, Eva wonders if she'll ever feel safe. Time is running out, and she must unravel all the mysteries before it's too late. A 2-part miniseries starring Hayley Atwell (Captain America: The First Avenger), Charlotte Rampling (Swimming Pool), Michael Gambon (Harry Potter), and Rufus Sewell (The Illusionist).
Hunter x Hunter	Action	8.0	The story of Hunter × Hunter focuses on a young boy named Gon Freecss, who one day discovers that the father he had always been told was dead was alive and well. He learns that his father, Ging Freecss, is a legendary Hunter, a person that has proven themselves by examination to be an elite member of humanity, with a license to go anywhere or do anything. Despite the fact that his father abandoned Gon with his relatives in order to pursue his dreams, Gon becomes determined to follow in his father's footsteps, pass the Hunter examination, and eventually find his father, to prove himself as a Hunter in his own right.
Bella and the Bulldogs	Comedy	none	Middle schooler Bella Dawson left her life as a popular cheerleader behind to join the Bulldogs as their new star quarterback. Trading in her pom-poms for a pigskin was a total dream come true, but now Bella must find a balance between football and her cheerleading BFFs. Does she have what it takes to overcome the doubters and lead her team to victory, without compromising who she is? And what will happen when those worlds collide?
Christina Milian Turned Up	Music	1.0	As part of this loud, loving, opinionated and multi-talented Cuban-American family, Christina Milian has always been the focus, often to the consternation of her two sisters, Danielle and Lizzy. Now, Christina is learning how to share the spotlight, and this all-new E! docu series "Christina Milian Turned Up," follows Christina as she reinvigorates her music career with a new label, a new sound and a new look, all while raising her young daughter Violet with help from mom Carmen and sisters Danielle and Lizzy. This season is all about family when middle-sister Danielle tries to balance a new marriage and motherhood; baby sister Lizzy begins a new chapter as a trained culinary chef and converts to Orthodox Judaism, and Carmen attempts to find a happy medium managing Christina's professional life while keeping a very close watch over her entire family.
Grantchester	Drama	9.0	Eavesdropping on the life of Sidney Chambers, a charismatic, charming, crime-fighting clergyman, and his partner in crime Police Inspector Geordie Keating, became a highlight for the audience who revelled in their on screen partnership. Geordie's plain-speaking, down to earth approach to policing complemented Sidney's more gentle technique of coaxing information from witnesses and suspects. Their unlikely pairing became a true friendship as each offered a different insight into the crimes they unravelled.
Kids Baking Championship	Children	none	Hosts and judges Duff Goldman and Valerie Bertinelli lead eight talented kid bakers through tasty challenges designed to find the most impressive and creative young baker on Kids Baking Championship, premiering on Monday, February 2nd at 8pm ET/PT on Food Network. In each challenge, the kid contestants (ranging in age from 10 to 13) will be tested on their baking skills and originality, as they whip up delectable desserts including creative cakes, mouthwatering cookies and pastries making it seem as easy as pie. At stake, a sweet prize package that includes a complete set of Food Network bakeware products, a profile in Food Network Magazine, an original cake featured at Charm City Cakes and a $10,000 grand prize. Only one will take the cake to become the Kids Baking Champion!
Star vs. the Forces of Evil	Comedy	none	"Star vs. The Forces of Evil" follows fiercely awesome teen princess Star Butterfly. After receiving an all-powerful magic wand for her 14th birthday, Star is sent by her Royal Parents to live with the Diaz family on Earth, bringing along her own unique inter-dimensional style to her new home. Together with the Diaz's teenage son, Marco, they navigate high school and embark on dimension-hopping adventures across the multiverse while keeping her wand out of the clutches of arch-nemesis Ludo and his monstrous forces of evil.
Our Little Family	Drama	none	TLC's newest faces, the Hamills, are not the typical American family. Parents Dan and Michelle along with their son and twin daughters are all little people - all five family members have achondroplasia, a form of dwarfism. TLC follows their life in new series OUR LITTLE FAMILY premiering February 17th at 10PM ET/PT. Both parents are proud little people who are even more thrilled their kids (Jack, Cate and CeCe) are little just like them; however, growing up in an average-sized world has its complications, and they know the road ahead for their children is not going to be easy.
WWE Slam City	Comedy	none	Animated adventures from the WWE universe. In this series all of the WWE superstars are fired from the ring by a masked wrestler known as The Finisher and are forced to take up jobs in Slam City.
Best New Restaurant	Cooking	none	Acclaimed chef and restaurateur Tom Colicchio dines across the U.S. as host, judge, and executive producer, taking a look at the food world from a fresh direction: the restaurant. The series is also executive produced by restaurateur and TV personality Gordon Ramsay. The majority of the series takes place on location in the restaurants themselves to highlight each establishment's unique point of view. In the end, only one will be crowned Best New Restaurant and win an editorial feature in Bon Appétit, a featured spot at America's number one global food festival, Vegas Uncork'd by Bon Appétit 2015, and $100,000.
Bizarre Foods: Delicious Destinations	Adventure	none	Every traveler wants to try a crepe in Paris, gelato in Florence, Italy, or a po'boy in New Orleans. But how many really know where those dishes came from or how they are made? Andrew Zimmern digs into the not-to-be-missed legendary foods that define a location.
Gangland Undercover	Drama	7.0	The only man brave enough to sneak into three outlaw biker gangs and live to tell the tale, Charles Falco, author of "Vagos, Mongols and Outlaws," goes from convict to infiltrator as he secretly documents the Vagos' illegal activities and ultimately brings them to justice. With the real Charles Falco starting each episode in a silhouetted interview, his story is brought to life in this fact-based docudrama series that sees Falco work as an informant for the Feds on a covert mission inside the dangerous Vagos' world of violence, murder and drug trafficking. Having climbed the gang's ranks while facilitating 62 arrests, Charles Falco exposes how he crippled the criminal enterprise from the core of the biker underworld in this mind-blowing true story GANGLAND UNDERCOVER.
Billy & Billie	Comedy	none	Drama which centers on two young adults, Billy (Adam Brody) and Billie (Lisa Joyce), as they fall in love, a romance complicated by the fact that they're stepbrother and sister
iZombie	Comedy	8.3	From executive producer Rob Thomas, iZOMBIE stars Rose McIver as Olivia "Liv" Moore, a rosy-cheeked, disciplined, over-achieving medical resident who had her life path completely mapped out... until the night she attended a party that unexpectedly turned into a zombie feeding frenzy. As one of the newly undead, Liv has devised a way to resist her baser urges to devour fresh human brains - she's taken a job in the Seattle coroner's office.In this appropriately dead-end job, she can secretly snack on the brains of the many Jane and John Doe corpses that make a final stop in the morgue. Liv remains resigned to an eternity without hope or purpose, until she realizes that with every brain she consumes, she retains a portion of that person's memories, and she begins to experience visions from the point of view of the murder victims. It's not the same as being alive again, but at least she can find purpose in her undead existence by helping to solve the murders of those who are indeed fully dead.
The Messengers	Fantasy	7.5	An apocalyptic event on Earth gives five strangers angelic powers, and it also brings a mysterious dark figure to the planet.
The Comedians	Comedy	7.0	In The Comedians, Billy Crystal plays a comedy legend who is reluctantly paired with Josh Gad, an edgier up-and-coming star, in an unfiltered, behind-the-scenes look at a fictional late night sketch comedy show where egos and generations collide.
Grace and Frankie	Comedy	8.0	Two nemeses become bonded jilted wives after their husbands reveal they have been having an affair with each other since the 1990s and now plan to get married.
Prophets of Science Fiction	Drama	none	An auteur of science fiction himself, Scott goes from behind the camera to on-air guide to explore the relationship between genre and the constantly-evolving worlds of science and technology. From Isaac Asimov, to Jules Verne, to Robert Heinlein, to George Lucas, the dreams of storytellers often become the inspiration for researchers seeking mankind's next transformative discovery.
Through the Wormhole	Science-Fiction	none	Hosted by Morgan Freeman, THROUGH THE WORMHOLE explores the deepest mysteries of existence - the questions that have puzzled mankind for eternity. Can we eliminate evil? What is nothing? Is there a superior race? Now, science has evolved to the point where hard facts and evidence may be able to provide us with answers instead of philosophical theories. THROUGH THE WORMHOLE brings together the brightest minds and best ideas from the very edges of science - Astrophysics, Astrobiology, Quantum Mechanics, String Theory, and more - to reveal the extraordinary truth of our Universe.
X Company	Drama	8.5	Five highly skilled young recruits – Canadian, American and British are torn from their ordinary lives to train as agents in an ultra-secret facility on the shores of Lake Ontario. These agents parachute behind enemy lines, where they're fair game for torture and execution. From elegant hotels to hellholes in the field, it's one risky operation after another.
Spider-Man	Drama	8.0	Spider-Man (1994) tells the story of a 19-year-old Peter Parker in his first year at Empire State University, and his alter-ego Spider-Man. The show features Spider-Man's classic villains, including the Kingpin, the Green Goblin, the Lizard, the Scorpion, Doctor Octopus, Mysterio, the Rhino, the Shocker, The Vulture and the Chameleon, as well as more recent villains such as Venom, Carnage and the Hobgoblin.
X-Men Evolution	Action	7.5	American-Canadian animated series about the X-Men. Contrary to the other X-men shows, the characters are teenagers instead of adults.
Steven Universe	Action	9.2	"Steven Universe", from Adventure Time writer-artist Rebecca Sugar, is a coming-of-age story told from the perspective of Steven, the youngest member of a team of magical Guardians of the Universe.
Wander Over Yonder	Comedy	9.0	Emmy-winning producer Craig McCracken, among the most sought-after talent in TV animation, is the creator/executive producer of Disney Channel's upcoming "Wander Over Yonder", an animated comedy series about best friends and epic enemies, set in surreal places across the universe. Wander is an overly-optimistic intergalactic traveler who, along with his loyal but bullish steed, Sylvia, goes from planet to planet helping people to live free and have fun, all against the evil reign of Lord Hater and his army of Watchdogs.
Uncle Grandpa	Comedy	none	Uncle Grandpa, from Pete Browngardt, is based upon an Emmy-nominated short and follows the exploits of everyone in the world's "magical" uncle and grandpa.
Danger 5	Comedy	7.0	Set in a bizarre, 1960s inspired version of World War II, action comedy series Danger 5 follows a team of five spies on a mission to kill Adolf Hitler.
K.C. Undercover	Comedy	8.0	K.C. is 16, very outspoken and confident technology wiz and is a skilled black belt who discovers that both her parents are spies and they expect her to follow in their footsteps
Apparitions	Action	none	Apparitions is a drama series starring Martin Shaw. The series is written by Joe Ahearne. Father Jacob is a Jesuit priest working for the Congregation for the Causes of Saints. He investigates strange occurrences.
First Wave	Drama	8.4	In 1564 Nostradamus predicted the destruction of Earth in 3 terrifying waves. . . The First Wave is here! Cade Foster thought he had seen everything; then he learned of the secrets hidden within the quatrains of the ancient prophet Nostradamus, predictions of an alien invasion that would come in three waves and conquer the human race. The invaders would be known as the Gua, and their conquest was foretold... Or was it? Cade, together with his allies Eddie, Joshua, Jordan, and the Resistance, wage an underground battle to protect Earth's future from the First Wave of the Gua invasion, and to seek out clues hidden in the ancient prophecies, clues that might mean the difference between survival and extinction for all humanity. Can disaster be averted? Can the future be rewritten? Can the Gua be stopped? For Cade Foster, surrender is not an option. He will either stop the Gua invasio
Lexx	Science-Fiction	6.3	Hailed as "the most imaginative Sci-Fi since The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" (New York Daily News), Lexx follows the nomadic existence of four misfit characters who have inadvertently stolen the most powerful weapon of destruction ever made: a Manhattan-sized, genetically-modified insect-ship. In its debut season, the Lexx's quirky crew—former security guard, Captain Stanley Tweedle; the luscious love slave Zev; the dead-but-deadly assassin Kai; and the robot head 790.
Mortal Kombat: Conquest	Action	none	In each of us, there burns a soul of a warrior. In every generation, a few are chosen to prove it. Centuries ago, in a time of darkness and fury, that fate befell three strangers. A monk, Kung Lao, an exiled guard, Siro, and a thief, Taja, who have to defend our Earth Realm from the forces of Outworld. By fighting for their lives, by fighting for their honour and by fighting for their realm in a tournament called Mortal Kombat.
Robin of Scherwood	Action	none	This acclaimed British series adds a bit of sorcery and mysticism to the swordplay and social justice that make the Robin Hood legend so enduring. Heading up the superb ensemble cast are Michael Praed (Dynasty) as Robin of Loxley, Ray Winstone (Beowulf) as seething-mad Scarlet, and Nickolas Grace (Brideshead Revisited) as the greedy, conniving Sheriff of Nottingham. In the final 13 episodes, Robert of Huntingdon (Jason Connery, Shanghai Noon) assumes Robin's mantle. Shot entirely on location in England, the series also features an award-winning score by the Irish band Clannad.
S Club 7	Drama	none	A comedy series starring the popular british group S Club 7 and their adventures within the music business.
The Shadow Line	Crime	none	Series about a murder investigated by both sides of the line, cops and criminals, and the opposing methods they use to solve it.
The Tick	Comedy	10.0	The true defender of good is here but not with an S" on his chest no, it's the big blue bug of justice known as the one, the only, the Tick.
The Tick	Comedy	9.0	Attention evil-doers! The Tick is here, and he's wearing the blue tights of justice! Together with his trusty moth-costumed sidekick Arthur, The Tick keeps the streets of The City safe from a rogue's gallery of hilariously malevolent villains. So grab a snack, put your feet up, and get ready to laugh and cheer as everyone's favorite brawny hero swats evil on the snout with the rolled-up newspaper of goodness!
The Water Margin	Drama	none	The ancient sages said, "do not despise the snake for having no horns, for who is to say it will not become a dragon?". So may one just man become an army. Nearly a thousand years ago in ancient China, at the time of the Sung dynasty, there was a cruel and corrupt government. These men riding are outlaws - heroes - who have been driven to live in the Water Margins of Liang Shan Po, far to the south of the capital city. Each fights tyranny with a price on his head, in a world very different from our own. The story starts in legend even then - for our heroes, it was said, were perhaps the souls reborn of other, earlier knights...
Dragon Ball Kai	Action	none	A remastered version of Dragon Ball Z that adheres more to the manga's story. This version includes newly recorded dialog by the original voice actors, new sound effects, new OP/ED sequences, and a brand new HD video transfer.
Poldark	Drama	9.3	Britain is in the grip of a chilling recession... falling wages, rising prices, civil unrest - only the bankers are smiling. It's 1783 and Ross Poldark returns from the American War of Independence to his beloved Cornwall to find his world in ruins: his father dead, the family mine long since closed, his house wrecked and his sweetheart pledged to marry his cousin. But Ross finds that hope and love can be found when you are least expecting it in the wild but beautiful Cornish landscape
Scoundrels	Drama	none	"Scoundrels" is a one-hour comedy/drama series produced by ABC Studios that focuses on a family of small-time criminals who try to go straight after the father is sent to prison. Virginia Madsen, Independent Spirit Award winner as well as an Academy Award and Golden Globe nominee ("Sideways," "The Astronaut Farmer"), will play Cheryl West, the mother who must take charge and try to keep her kids on the straight and narrow.
The Listener	Crime	8.9	In this one-hour drama, Toby Logan is a 24-year-old paramedic living with a secret: he can read people's minds. This telepathic procedural takes viewers into the heart of a tortured hero who struggles to solve crimes with his unique gift. Week-to-week, The Listener balances high-stakes drama with irreverent humor and sends Toby on an intellectual and emotional adventure.
Lone Star	Drama	none	From Chris Keyser and Amy Lippman, the creators of "Party of Five"; Marc Webb, the director of "(500) Days of Summer"; and creator Kyle Killen, comes LONESTAR, a provocative soap set against the backdrop of big Texas oil. ROBERT/BOB ALLEN (newcomer James Wolk) is a charismatic and brilliant schemer who has meticulously constructed two lives in two different parts of Texas. He's juggling two identities and two women in two very different worlds - all under one mountain of lies. As "Bob," he lives in Houston and is married to CAT (Adrianne Palicki, "Friday Night Lights"), the beautiful daughter of CLINT (Jon Voight, 24, "Midnight Cowboy"), the patriarch of an ultra-wealthy Texas oil family. More than 400 miles away in the suburban west Texas town of Midland, he's "Robert," living a second life with his sweet, naive girlfriend, LINDSAY (Eloise Mumford, "Mercy," "Law & Order: SVU"). In Midland, he plays the perfect boyfriend while secretly bilking local investors of their savings. In Houston, he's a devoted husband, charming Cat and her family to cement his position in the rich family business he aims to clean out. Bob has lived both lives successfully for years without arousing any suspicions...so far. While one brother-in-law, DREW (Bryce Johnson, "Popular," "The Mentalist"), admires Bob, his other brother-in-law, TRAMMELL (Mark Deklin, "Nip/Tuck," "Desperate Housewives"), is suspicious of his motives. Bob begins to fear his secret lives may unravel. With the cons closing in on him, Bob is divided by his love for two women; his loyalty to his father and mentor, JOHN (David Keith, "An Officer and a Gentleman," "The Class"); and his respect for his father-in-law, Clint. Now as he tries to hold his two lives together, while fending off angry investors and the suspicions of those around him, Bob puts it all on the line hoping he can beat the odds, leave the schemes behind and keep two separate relationships afloat.
Cuéntame como pasó	Drama	none	Cuéntame cómo pasó (English: Tell me how it happened), also known as Cuéntame, is a Spanish television series which has been broadcast by the Spanish public TV channel TVE1 since 2001. Its original name (Tell me) had to be changed for copyright reasons.The series recounts the experiences of a middle-class family, the Alcántaras (in Spanish Los Alcántara), during the last years of the rule of Francisco Franco and the beginning of the Spanish Transition to democracy. Its name comes from a famous song by the Spanish 1960s pop group Fórmula V, titled Tell Me. The producer of the series is Miguel Ángel Bernardeau.The series was created to celebrate the first 25 years since Spain's transition to democracy, and its didactic spirit is clearly evident in some of the episodes. It includes documentary interviews with historical figures of the era, such as people concerned with the assassination of then prime minister Carrero Blanco and the death of Franco.The first episode was broadcast on September 13, 2001. The series begins in April 1968 with the victory in the Eurovision song contest of the singer Massiel. The story reflects changes in Spain beginning in that year.In December 2008, TVE and Ganga Group announced that the series, in its 10th season, had achieved very good audience levels, and would be renewed for up to 3 more seasons, with the storyline moving firmly into the 1980s and the "Movida madrileña".Through situations, characters, and attitudes of the era, the series evokes a wistful reminiscence of those times. In this respect it can be compared to the series The Wonder Years, which did the same thing for US history.This series influenced the Portuguese series Conta-me como foi, which starts the same year (1968) and goes to 1974, the year of the 25 de Abril. It has the participation of Portuguese actors such as Rita Blanco and Miguel Guilherme.
Nazi Megastructures	War	8.0	Did you know? In the quest for world domination, the Nazis built some of the biggest and deadliest pieces of military hardware and malevolent technology in history? Creating huge terror machines, hi-tech superguns and some of the original weapons of mass destruction, their aim was to control a nation, conquer a continent and win the war! Over six unforgettable episodes, Nazi Megastructures uncovers the hidden remains of Hitler's most ambitious Megastructures, telling the stories of the engineering geniuses that designed them and revealing how these structures sparked a technological revolution that changed warfare forever
Vientos de Agua	Drama	none	A drama series that traces a Spanish man's emigration to Argentina in the 1930s, and, years later, his son's return to modern-day Spain.
One Big Happy	Comedy	6.3	Best friends Lizzy and Luke are like family. As kids, they saw each other's parents go through divorce and have ever since formed an inseparable bond. Now, all grown up and still single, they've decided to start a family of their own, but in a non-traditional way. Lizzy, who is a lesbian, wants to raise a child with Luke by her side. Then one night, Luke falls for Prudence, a free-spirited British girl who's due to go back to England in a matter of days. Then, just as Lizzy discovers that she's actually pregnant, Luke announces that he and Prudence have gotten married and in an instant - a different kind of family is born.
Little Britain	Comedy	none	The zany comedy show with Matt Lucas and David Walliams, featuring characters from all over Little Britain.
Goodness Gracious Me	Comedy	none	Sketch show starring Sanjeev Bhaskar, Kulvinder Ghir, Meera Syal and Nina Wadia.
Mr. Bean	Comedy	9.5	The first episode of the original Mr Bean series starring Rowan Atkinson was first broadcast on 1st January 1990. Since then Mr Bean has become known all over the world. Created by Rowan Atkinson, Richard Curtis and Robin Driscoll, there were only 14 episodes ever made.The original series emerged from Rowan Atkinson's stage revues of the 1980′s which featured the silent odd-ball. Rowan Atkinson's comic acting genius has created a highly original work for television. The Mr Bean series has been sold to 190 territories worldwide and has won an International Emmy and the Golden Rose of Montreux…
The League of Gentlemen	Comedy	10.0	Dark, surreal comedy about the strange inhabitants of the small town of Royston Vasey.
The Bible	Drama	none	The Bible comes to life in HISTORY's epic new series. From Genesis to Revelation, these unforgettable stories unfold through live action and cutting-edge computer-generated imagery, offering new insight into famous scenes and iconic characters. Created by producer Mark Burnett and featuring an international cast that includes Roma Downey, this 10-hour docudrama explores the sacred text's most significant episodes, including Noah's journey in the ark, the Exodus and the life of Jesus.
Little Women: NY	Drama	none	If fans thought the ladies of LA had challenges, wait until they see "Little Women: NY." This group of friends navigates the Big Apple while facing obstacles that test people even of average height, including hailing cabs, catching subways, traversing the crowded streets and just about everything else that's part of a New Yorker's hectic life. Viewers first got a glimpse of New York's Lila Call, when she made waves with the "Little Women: LA" cast and now they'll get to see her in action on her home turf with her group of east coast besties including Jordanna, Misty, Dawn, Jazmin, Kristin and Jason. While they all scramble to try to make it big in Manhattan, the unique clique supports one another every step of the way as they prove that "if they can make it there, they'll make it anywhere."
Harvey Beaks	Comedy	none	This 26-episode series, created and executive produced by C.H. Greenblatt (Chowder), tells the story of the unlikely friendship between Harvey, a kid who's never broken the rules, and Fee and Foo, his two friends who've never lived by any.
Olympus	Adventure	5.3	The 13-part mythological drama series Olympus takes viewers into the action-packed world of humans, Gods and monsters. Starring Matt Frewer (Max Headroom, Orphan Black), Sonita Henry (Star Trek, The Fifth Element), Cas Anvar (Argo, The Expanse) and Graham Shiels (Guardians of the Galaxy, Thor: Dark World), the gripping series captures the dangerous courage of a few brave men and women who banished the Gods to the realm of the unconscious - a place they called the Underworld or the Kingdom of Hades.
The Lizzie Borden Chronicles	Horror	7.0	The Lizzie Borden Chronicles delivers an intense and fictionalized account of actual events and people surrounding Lizzie's life after her controversial acquittal of the horrific double murder of her father and stepmother in 1892, when the exonerated figure lives a life awash in newfound celebrity filled with scandalous love affairs. But when numerous people close to Lizzie - ranging from her half-brother William (Andrew Howard, Hatfields & McCoys(TM)) to Broadway luminaries and her business associate/underworld kingpin Mr. Flowers (Emmy nominee Jonathan Banks, Breaking Bad) - start to mysteriously die under brutal and strange circumstances, legendary Pinkerton detective Charlie Siringo (Cole Hauser, Good Will Hunting) becomes determined to prove her involvement in their ultimate demise. Jessy Schram (Falling Skies) plays Nancy O'Keefe, an alluring and ambitious actress and dancer who befriends Lizzie, and Emmy nominee John Heard (The Sopranos) portrays William Almy, the business partner of Lizzie's murdered father, Andrew.
Happyish	Drama	none	Happyish is a scathing examination of our pursuit of happiness, a pursuit that might just be the very thing causing our unhappiness in the first place. The new half-hour pilot stars Steve Coogan as Thom Payne, a 44 year-old man whose world is thrown into disarray when his 25 year-old "wunderkind" boss arrives, saying things like "digital," "social" and "viral." Is he in need of a "rebranding," as his mentor insists, or does he just have a "low joy ceiling," as his corporate headhunter suggests? Maybe pursuing happiness is a fool's errand? Maybe, after 44 years on this ludicrous planet, settling for happyish is the best one can expect.
Young & Hungry	Comedy	7.4	In Young & Hungry, two worlds collide when Josh (Sadowski), a wealthy young tech entrepreneur, meets Gabi (Osment), a feisty young food blogger, looking to be his personal chef. Gabi is desperate for the job and must prove herself, mostly to Josh's aide (Lee), who prefers a famous chef for the job. When Josh enlists Gabi to prepare a romantic meal for him and his girlfriend, the dinner goes awry and Gabi finds herself in a very awkward position. With the help of her best friend Sofia (Carrero) and Josh's housekeeper (Whitley), Gabi turns a difficult situation into an opportunity for employment and maybe even love.
Texas Rising	Drama	6.0	From the same team that brought us the multiple Emmy Award-winning and ratings-record breaking HATFIELDS & MCCOYS, TEXAS RISING is an 8-hour miniseries that details the Texas Revolution and the rise of the Texas Rangers. Texas Rising stars Bill Paxton, Brendan Fraser, Ray Liotta, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Olivier Martinez, Thomas Jane, Crispin Glover, Rhys Coiro, Jeremy Davies, Cynthia Addai-Robinson, Christopher McDonald, Max Thieriot, Chad Michael Murray, Trevor Donovan, Robert Knepper, Jeff Fahey, Rob Morrow and Kris Kristofferson, and is directed by two-time Oscar-nominated director Roland Joffé (The Killing Fields, The Mission).In 1836, west of the Mississippi was considered the Wild West and the Texas frontier was viewed as hell on earth. Crushed from the outside by Mexican armadas and attacked from within by ferocious Comanche tribes—no one was safe. But this was a time of bravery, a time to die for what you believed in and a time to stand tall against the cruel rule of the Mexican General Santa Anna (Martinez). The heroic General Sam Houston (Paxton), the rag tag Rangers and the legendary "Yellow Rose of Texas" lead this story of the human will to win against insurmountable odds. At the end, the Texas flags stood tall and victorious, claiming a piece of history for all eternity.
Matlock	Drama	none	Matlock is a legal drama series starring Andy Griffith as defense attorney Ben Matlock - a Harvard-educated, fiery southerner who charges $100,000 a case to brilliantly defend his clients by finding the real killer.
Black Butler	Drama	9.5	One of the noble families of England - Phantomhive, has a butler, Sebastian Michaelis. He has unquestionably perfect knowledge, manners, talent with materials. martial arts and much more. But for some reason, he serves a 12 year old master...
The Starlost	Action	7.0	This low budget Canadian sci-fi series from 1973 ran for sixteen episodes before it was cancelled due to low ratings. It was created in Canada by Glen Warren Productions and partially funded by Twentieth Century Fox, who now own the broadcast and syndication rights to the series. It was also compiled down into five movies, each composed of two episodes each, with new credit sequences. The series was written by renowned science fiction author Harlan Ellison under a pseudonym of Cordwainer Bird, with additional episodes being written by other sci-fi authors. The plot concerned a giant Noah's Ark-like spaceship, composed of hundreds of huge "domes", each containing a sample culture from the planet Earth, which has long since died out due to an unknown disaster. The Ark, damaged from an asteroid collision, goes off course and heads into the path of a distant sun, its crew dead.Foreseeing the destruction of the Earth, humanity builds a multi-generational starship called Earthship Ark, 80 kilometres (50 mi) wide and 320 kilometres (200 mi) long. The ship contains dozens of biospheres, each kilometres across and housing people of different cultures; their goal is to find and seed a new world of a distant star. More than one hundred years into the voyage, an unexplained accident occurs, and the ship goes into emergency mode, whereby each biosphere is sealed off from the others.Four hundred and five years after the accident, Devon (Keir Dullea) a resident of Cypress Corners, a conservative agrarian community with a culture resembling that of the Amish, discovers that his world is far larger and more mysterious than he had realized. Considered an outcast because of his questioning of the way things are, especially his refusal to accept the arranged marriage of his love Rachel (Gay Rowan) to his friend Garth (Robin Ward), Devon finds the Cypress Corners elders have been deliberately manipulating the local computer terminal, which they call "The Voice of The Creator". The congregation pursues Devon for attacking the elders and stealing a computer cassette on which they have recorded their orders, and its leaders plot to execute him, but the elderly Abraham, who also questions the elders, gives Devon a key to a dark, mysterious doorway, which Abraham himself is afraid to enter. The frightened Devon escapes into the service areas of the ship and accesses a computer data station that explains the nature and purpose of the Ark and hints at its problems.When Devon returns to Cypress Corners to tell his community what he has learned, he is put on trial for heresy and condemned to death by stoning. Escaping on the night before his execution with the aid of Garth, Devon convinces Rachel to come with him, and Garth pursues them. When Rachel refuses to return with Garth, he joins her and Devon. Eventually they make their way to the ship's bridge, containing the skeletal remains of its crew. It is badly damaged and its control systems are inoperative. The three discover that the Ark is on a collision course with a Class G star similar to the Sun, and realize that the only way to save The Ark and its passengers is to find the backup bridge and reactivate the navigation and propulsion systems. Occasionally, they are aided by the ship's partially functioning computer system.
The World Wars	War	9.0	An assassination in Sarajevo sparks a global war. For the next 30 years, deadly fighting rages across Europe, Africa, China and the Pacific.Hitler. Churchill. De Gaulle. MacArthur. Patton. Stalin. Mussolini. We know them as legends. But they first learn what it will take to rise to greatness as young soldiers, fighting for their lives on the frontlines,=This is the story of a generation of men who come of age in the trenches of World War I, only to become the leaders of World War II. The lessons they learn on the frontlines shape them as they rise to power—and haunt them as the deadly fighting breaks out again. Some become heroes, forged in courage under fire. Others emerge as the most infamous villains the world has ever seen.Theirs is one story—the story of a 30-year global struggle. A fight that will either save the world—or destroy it.Narrated by two-time Oscar nominee Jeremy Renner (The Hurt Locker, The Town), this three-night event series features gripping dramatic scenes, stunning CGI visuals and interviews with contemporary leaders, including John McCain, Colin Powell, John Major and David Miliband, along with noted historians from around the world. The World Wars is a mini-series event that takes viewers on an epic and groundbreaking ride through the bloodiest century in history.
DCI Banks	Drama	8.5	Dark and harrowing crime drama, starring Stephen Tompkinson as Detective Chief Inspector Alan Banks.
5ive Days to Midnight	Drama	8.0	A college professor's life is turned upside down when he finds a police briefcase from five days in the future. But even more shocking are its contents-a file on his own death, which he must now race against time to prevent.
Anne of Green Gables	Drama	none	One hundred years ago, Anne of Green Gables introduced readers to one of the most enduring characters in fiction and launched Canada's most lucrative literary franchise. The heartwarming story of the plucky red-headed orphan has gone on to sell hundreds of millions of copies and become the basis for an unprecedented television phenomenon. But behind the fictional and feisty Anne Shirley lurked the often-tormented life of author Lucy Maud Montgomery. CBC Archives takes a look at the life, death and lasting legacy of the woman who created Anne.
El Ministerio del Tiempo	Adventure	6.0	A warrior from the 16th century, the first female university student from the 19th century and a nurse from the 21st century, join a secret agency to prevent people to change the Spanish history by using time-traveling doors.
Tour of Duty	Drama	9.5	As the first television drama series about the Vietnam War, Tour of Duty focuses on a single platoon of young U.S. soldiers through their one-year tour of combat duty in Vietnam during the late 1960's. While their own country is rocked by a massive anti-war movement, these young men find themselves thrown into combat in Southeast Asia, where they face enemy troops they can not see and sometimes can not kill. They also face their own fears, as they struggle in a hostile environment just to keep themselves and their fellow soldiers alive. Terence Knox, Kevin Conroy, Stephen Caffrey, Joshua Maurer, Steve Akahoshi, Tony Becker, Eric Bruskotter, Stan Foster, Ramon Franco and Miguel A. Nunez, Jr. star as the infantrymen who represent diverse racial, cultural and philosophical backgrounds but must ultimately depend on one another to get through the war alive.
Spotless	Crime	none	Set in London, SPOTLESS is the story of a troubled crime scene cleaner, Jean, whose tidy life is turned upside down when his outlaw brother Martin crash lands into his world, entangling them in the deadly dynamics of organized crime.
Porridge	Comedy	10.0	"Fletch", sentenced to a five year stretch at HM Prison Slade in darkest Cumbria, is determined to keep his head down, do his time and not let the b******s grind him down. But it's not so simple when you're an old lag. His native cell-mate Lenny Godber needs to learn the ropes, skives and scams; evil Prison Officer Mackay can't be allowed to run things his own way and warden Barrowclough is just too weak-willed not to have his good-nature exploited... Starring Ronnie Barker, Fulton Mackay, Richard Beckinsdale and Brian Wilde.
Hinterland	Drama	8.0	DCI Tom Mathias comes to Aberystwyth having abandoned his life in London. He's a brilliant but troubled man. Despite his faults he is an excellent detective, who knows that the key to solving the crime lies not in where you look for truth, but how you look. From the windswept sand dunes of the coastline to the badlands of the hinterland, Y Gwyll is a series of stories that are original and local, yet timeless and universal.
Finding Carter	Drama	7.0	Teenage girl Carter seemingly has the perfect life with fun-loving single mom Lori, until she discovers Lori abducted her as a toddler. Now Carter must return to the family who thought they had lost her. As she navigates brand new parents, a twin sister, high school and boys, she vows to find Lori before the only mom she's ever known is gone forever.
500 Questions	Family	none	"500 Questions," an all-new game show event where the smartest people in the country try to achieve the seemingly impossible task of answering 500 of the most difficult general knowledge questions ever devised. There's only one simple rule: never get three wrong in a row - or you're gone. No saves, no helps, no multiple choice, "500 Questions" will keep you on the edge of your seat to see if any of these geniuses can do it. It is the ultimate test, where intellect, strategy and stamina are all equally essential in order to win.
Celebrity Wife Swap	Family	none	The spouses in two celebrity families with vastly diverse values switch homes (but not bedrooms) -- embarking on a journey like no other and revealing the various ways some controversial celebrities live their lives.
Killjoys	Action	8.7	Killjoys follows a fun-loving, hard living trio of interplanetary bounty hunters sworn to remain impartial as they chase deadly warrants throughout the Quad, a distant system on the brink of a bloody, multi-planetary class war.
Friday Night Dinner	Comedy	8.0	For the Goodman family, Friday Night Dinner is just like Sunday lunch: just take two days away, change the meal to dinner, and you've pretty much got it. Adam and his brother, Jonny, view Friday night dinner as a necessary annoyance - necessary because they get fed, and annoying because, well, they have to spend the evening with mum and dad
Prey	Action	none	On the run accused of a terrible crime, Manchester Detective Marcus Farrow tries to prove his innocence while being hunted by his former friends and colleagues.
Scream: The TV Series	Horror	7.2	"Scream" is based on the eponymous, international hit horror franchise. After a cyber-bullying incident results in a brutal murder, the shocking violence stirs up memories of a killing spree from the past that has haunted some, intrigued others and maybe just inspired a new killer. A group of teens - with two old friends struggling to reconnect at its heart - become lovers, enemies, suspects, targets and victims of a killer who's out for blood.
Complications	Drama	8.5	John Ellison, a disillusioned suburban ER doctor, finds his existence transformed when he intervenes in a drive-by shooting, saving a young boy's life and killing one of his attackers. When Ellison learns the boy is the son of an influential gang leader and is still a target, he is compelled to save him at any cost. Ellison soon discovers that his own life – and his outlook on medicine – may never be the same.
Other Space	Comedy	6.0	In the early 22nd century the human race has mapped most of the known universe but failed to find alien life, and frankly gotten a little tired of the whole thing. A spaceship on a routine collection mission stumbles into the greatest discovery in history: an alternate universe, far stranger and way more dangerous than ours. Now the ship's crew - a collection of over-matched rookies, feuding siblings, burned-out veterans and obsolete robots - has to explore this new universe to try and find a way back home alive.
Tatau	Drama	none	Joe Layton (New Worlds, Father Brown) and Theo Barklem-Biggs (Silk, The Inbetweeners Movie) have been cast as Kyle Connor and Paul 'Budgie' Griffiths – the lead roles in BBC AMERICA's new drama Tatau. Set in the Cook Islands, the (8×60) series, written by Richard Zajdlic, is co-produced by Touchpaper TV (Being Human) and New Zealand's largest screen production company, South Pacific Pictures, for BBC Three and BBC AMERICA.Tatau follows Kyle (Layton) and Budgie (Barklem-Biggs), two twenty-something friends from London that set off to travel the world. Ahead of the journey, Kyle gets a Maori-style tattoo to celebrate their eventual destination: the Cook Islands.When snorkeling in a lagoon, Kyle finds the dead body of a local girl, Aumea, tied up underwater. Returning to the lagoon with the police, Kyle finds her corpse has disappeared. But Kyle knows what he saw. Desperate to uncover what happened, Kyle and Budgie find themselves sucked deeper and deeper into a world of Maori myths, symbols, and hallucinatory visions… until finally the full meaning of Kyle's tattoo is revealed.
The Man in the High Castle	Drama	7.8	Producers Ridley Scott and Stewart Mackinnon bring us a startling depiction of an alternate history as imagined by author Philip K. Dick in his best-selling novel; a world in which Nazi Germany and Japan were victorious in World War II. The year is 1962 and the Axis Powers occupy the United States, where fascism rules and the few surviving Jews hide under assumed names.
The Body Farm	Drama	none	Crime drama series following Eve Lockhart, one of Britain's leading forensic pathologists, and her team of scientists at a state-of-the-art forensic research facility.
I Can Do That	Comedy	none	NBC puts six celebrities to the test in its new one-hour comedy variety series "I Can Do That."Comedian-actor-producer Marlon Wayans ("Scary Movie" franchise) serves as host. Six of America's brightest entertainers come together to compete and showcase their talents with breathtaking and unique acts - featuring skills they did not even know they had.Joining Wayans for this summer series will be acclaimed dancer and choreographer Cheryl Burke ("Dancing with the Stars"), superstar recording artists Ciara, Joe Jonas and Nicole Scherzinger, national stand-up comedian Jeff Dye ("Last Comic Standing") and actor Alan Ritchson ("The Wedding Ringer"). Each week, in front of a live audience, the six cast members will enter a friendly rivalry as they choose their favorite act - what they think they can master - and who they would like to pair up with to master that act. The acts will span every variety of entertainment from song and dance to magic and danger. They will also feature some of America's biggest-name performers in guest-starring roles.With their acts selected, the duos make their way into the training studio, where they work with their expert coach for five days to produce an amazing act to perform on the next week's show. After a week of intensive training, the celebrities return to the stage to perform their act in hopes of scoring the top slot on the night's scoreboard.With no judges or eliminations, "I Can Do That" allows the cast to show off their untapped talents and enjoy a little friendly competition along the way. After six weeks of exploring their own unique talent range, one cast member will be revealed as the season's ultimate entertainer.
Dark Matter	Action	7.8	In "Dark Matter", the crew of a derelict spaceship is awakened from stasis with no memories of who they are or how they got on board. Facing threats at every turn, they have to work together to survive a voyage charged with vengeance, betrayal and hidden secrets.
Proof	Drama	7.8	Jennifer Beals plays Dr. Carolyn Tyler, who has suffered the recent, devastating loss of her teenage son, the breakup of her marriage and a growing estrangement from her daughter. Carolyn is persuaded by Ivan Turing (Modine), a cancer-stricken tech inventor and billionaire to investigate cases of reincarnation, near-death experiences, hauntings and other phenomena, all of it in the search for evidence that death is not the end.
Ballers	Drama	6.3	Ballers' is a new half-hour comedy series starring Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson. The first season begins its 10-episode run on June 21, 2015 at 10 pm. Looking at the lives of former and current football players, the show follows former superstar Spencer Strasmore as he gets his life on track in retirement while mentoring other current and former players through the daily grind of the business of football.
The Brink	Comedy	7.7	A new half-hour dark comedy series, The Brink focuses on a geopolitical crisis and its effect on three disparate and desperate men: Walter Larson (played by Tim Robbins), the US Secretary of State; Alex Talbot (Jack Black), a lowly Foreign Service officer; and Zeke Tilson (Pablo Schreiber), an ace Navy fighter pilot. These three compromised souls must pull through the chaos around them to save the planet from World War Three.
Between	Drama	7.2	Between is the story of a town under siege from a mysterious disease that has wiped out everybody except those 21 years old and under. The series explores the power vacuum that results when a government has quarantined a 10-mile diameter area and left the inhabitants to fend for themselves.Between is the story of a town under siege from a mysterious disease that has wiped out everybody except those 21 years old and under. The series explores the power vacuum that results when a government has quarantined a 10-mile diameter area and left the inhabitants to fend for themselves.
Fear The Walking Dead	Drama	7.6	What did the world look like as it was transforming into the horrifying apocalypse depicted in The Walking Dead? This summer, AMC will answer that question with Fear the Walking Dead, an all-new original series set in Los Angeles, following new characters as they face the beginning of the end of the world.
The Expanse	Science-Fiction	8.0	A thriller set two hundred years in the future, "The Expanse" follows the case of a missing young woman who brings a hardened detective and a rogue ship's captain together in a race across the solar system to expose the greatest conspiracy in human history.
Black Work	Drama	10.0	'Black Work' is the story of Jo Gillespie, a woman who's husband is shot dead in the line of action, in his job as a undercover cop. Jo, a police officer herself soon has to confront issues in her marriage and family life in order to discover who really killed her husband.
The Willis Family	Family	none	"The Willis Family" is a new series following a musically gifted family of fourteen — 4 boys, 8 girls and parents Brenda and Toby — as they make music at home and on the road.
The Briefcase	Family	none	The show features a social experiment element. In each episode, two hard-working American families experiencing financial setbacks are presented by the show's producers with a briefcase containing $101,000 and a potentially life-altering decision: they can keep all of the money for themselves, or give all or part of it to another family in need.
The Secret War	War	7.0	The series traces the moves and countermoves between British and German scientists on land, sea, and in the air.
Banished	Crime	9.0	At its heart, Banished is a story of survival. Though it is set in the stark historical reality of the founding of the penal colony in Australia in 1788 after the arrival of the First Fleet, it is not the story of Australia and how it came to be. Rather, it is a tale of love, faith, justice and morality played out on an epic scale in a confined community where the stakes are literally life and death.
1864	Drama	9.0	When Germany and Prussia declare war on Denmark, two brothers are called to serve in the bloodiest battle in Denmark's history. We follow the brothers Peter and Laust during the years of the Second Schleswig War, two brothers in love with the same woman.
The Island	Drama	none	In the hour-long "The Island," internationally acclaimed adventurer and survivalist Bear Grylls gives the modern American man the ultimate challenge: Can a man of today's world survive on a deserted island without the luxuries - or even the basics - of contemporary everyday life?"The Island," based on the hit Shine TV-produced Channel 4 U.K. series of the same name, doesn't include any of the usual reality show trappings. There are no prizes. No eliminations. No winner. No camera teams. The entire series is filmed by the men themselves. The six episodes will show 14 American men isolated on a deserted island with only the clothes on their backs and minimal survival tools, committed to filming every moment themselves. These 21st-century American men, who are accustomed to roofs over their heads, restaurants and the benefits of technology, are stripped of all modern conveniences and catapulted back to the basics. They must hunt for food, source water, erect shelter, build community and try to survive using only their strength, determination and know-how. All of the men, including a stay-at-home dad, a trauma surgeon, a firefighter and a criminal defense attorney, have something to prove to themselves and each other. This experiment takes them to the very edge of human endurance. They will test their physical, mental and emotional limits and fight for their very existence.
Stitchers	Drama	7.5	ABC Family's first procedural drama, "Stitchers," follows Kirsten (Emma Ishta), a young woman recruited into a covert government agency to be 'stitched' into the minds of the recently deceased, using their memories to investigate murders and decipher mysteries that otherwise would have gone to the grave. Working alongside Kirsten is Cameron (Kyle Harris), a brilliant neuroscientist whose passion for the program is evident in his work. The secret program is headed by Maggie (Salli Richardson-Whitfield), a skilled veteran of covert operations, and includes Linus (Ritesh Rajan), a socially immature bioelectrical engineer and communications technician. Kirsten's roommate, Camille (Allison Scagliotti), a gifted computer science grad student, is also recruited to use her skills to assist Kirsten in her new role as a 'stitcher.'
Maron	Comedy	7.0	Marc Maron has been a comedian for 25 years. He's had his problems. He was an angry, drunk, self involved, twice divorced compulsive mess for most of his adult life, but with the popularity of a podcast he does in his garage and a life of sobriety, his life and career are turning around. "MARON" explores a fictionalized version of Marc's life, his relationships, and his career, including his incredibly popular WTF podcast, which features conversations Marc conducts with celebrities and fellow comedians. Neurosis intact, Maron is uniquely fascinating, absolutely compelling and brutally funny.
Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll	Comedy	7.4	"Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll" stars Denis Leary as "Johnny Rock," lead singer of a legendary early 90s New York band called The Heathens. Known for living up to their name, the band partied so long and so hard that even Keith Richards thought they needed to slow things down. The Heathens were on the brink of becoming famous for their kickass live shows and the release of their highly anticipated first album. Until they broke up. The same day the album dropped. Because lead guitarist Flash (John Corbett) found Johnny in bed with his wife. So the band became legendary for all the wrong reasons - like self-destructing sooner than any group in rock 'n' roll history. 25 years later the only thing bigger than Johnny's ego is his prostate. The drugs he really needs now aren't cocaine and marijuana - they're Crestor, Cymbalta and Cialis. He's out of work, out of money and out of show business options. That's when a massively talented young singer named Gigi (Elizabeth Gillies) shows up - with a burning desire to be famous, a throwback appreciation for The Heathens only album, and a stack of cash big enough to bring the whole band back into the studio. Only this time, SHE'S the lead singer and Johnny's just a behind the scenes songwriter. John Ales, Bobby Kelly and Elaine Hendrix round out the rest of this dysfunctional rock and roll family. The race is on to see who gets famous first - and for what reason.
Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Camp	Comedy	8.0	"Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Camp" tells the story of the first day of Camp Firewood's famous summer season, now fourteen years after the film's debut.
The Spoils Before Dying	Comedy	7.0	Get your jazz hands ready, because Jonrosh's story takes viewers into the seedy underbelly of the 1950s jazz scene, in a detective story positively buzzing with erotic charge and a murder investigation that spins out of control.
Tut	Drama	7.0	Spike's Tut tells the astounding saga of one of history's most extraordinary rulers, Tutankhamun (King Tut), his rise to power and his struggle to lead Egypt to glory, while his closest advisors, friends and lovers scheme for their own nefarious interests. "Tut" opens up a fascinating window into a world filled with heart-breaking romance, epic battles, political backstabbing, conspiracy, jealousy, and even murder -- proving his world was not far removed from our own -- and that his reign as the youngest Egyptian king played out as a real-life drama for the ages.
Supergirl	Action	8.5	Born on the planet Krypton, Kara Zor-El escaped amid its destruction years ago. Since arriving on Earth, she's been hiding the powers she shares with her famous cousin. But now at age 24, she decides to embrace her superhuman abilities and become the hero she was destined to be.
DC's Legends of Tomorrow	Action	8.0	When heroes alone are not enough... the world needs legends. Having seen the future, one he will desperately try to prevent from happening, time-traveling rogue Rip Hunter is tasked with assembling a disparate group of both heroes and villains to confront an unstoppable threat - one in which not only is the planet at stake, but all of time itself. Can this ragtag team defeat an immortal threat unlike anything they have ever known?
Ben Hur	Drama	7.0	About the struggle between the Roman Empire and its rebellious conquest Judaea, and two best friends caught in a terrible moment in history.
Blindspot	Action	8.5	A beautiful woman, with no memories of her past, is found naked in Times Square with her body fully covered in intricate tattoos. Her discovery sets off a vast and complex mystery that immediately ignites the attention of the FBI, which begins to follow the road map on her body into a larger conspiracy of crime, while bringing her closer to discovering the truth about her identity.
Dance Academy	Drama	none	Fifteen year old Tara Webster has grown up on a farm in country Australia and has dreamt of being a dancer ever since she was a little girl. When she makes it into the National Academy of Dance - the best school in the country - she is sure her life is about to be spectacular. What Tara doesn't realise is how far behind she is in her training, and that there's a whole lot more to surviving the Academy than just dancing...
Lekker Nederlands	Comedy	8.0	In this new musical program of SBS 6 called 'Lekker Nederlands' will Nick & Simon compete against Jeroen van Koningsbrugge and Dennis van de Ven (Jurk). They will re-write famous Dutch songs like 'Ademnood' and re-write international hits like 'Happy' and 'Waterloo' in a funny or original way.
Minority Report	Drama	7.3	The future is coming.Based on the international blockbuster film by executive producer Steven Spielberg and the first of his films to be adapted for television, MINORITY REPORT follows the unlikely partnership between a man haunted by the future and a cop haunted by her past, as they race to stop the worst crimes of the year 2065 before they happen.Set in Washington, D.C., it is 10 years after the demise of Precrime, a law enforcement agency tasked with identifying and eliminating criminals…before their crimes were committed. To carry out this brand of justice, the agency used three precogs – "precognitives" Dash, Arthur and Agatha – who were able to see the future. Now, in 2065, crime-solving is different, and justice leans more on sophisticated and trusted technology than on the instincts of the precogs.
Lucifer	Drama	8.3	The Devil has come to Los Angeles…Based upon the characters created by Neil Gaiman, Sam Kieth and Mike Dringenberg for DC Entertainment's Vertigo imprint, LUCIFER is the story of the original fallen angel. Bored and unhappy as the Lord of Hell, LUCIFER MORNINGSTAR has abandoned his throne and retired to L.A., where he owns Lux, an upscale nightclub.Charming, charismatic and devilishly handsome, Lucifer is enjoying his retirement, indulging in a few of his favorite things – wine, women and song – when a beautiful pop star is brutally murdered outside of Lux. For the first time in roughly 10 billion years, he feels something awaken deep within him as a result of this murder. Compassion? Sympathy? The very thought disturbs him – as well as his best friend and confidante, MAZIKEEN aka MAZE, a fierce demon in the form of a beautiful young woman.
You, Me and The End of The World	Drama	none	In this bold adrenaline-fueled new one-hour comedy drama, the news that a comet is on an unavoidable collision course with Earth sets in motion the most hilariously unexpected chain of events imaginable. Set against the backdrop of apocalyptic chaos and starring Rob Lowe ("Parks and Recreation"), Jenna Fischer ("The Office"), Megan Mullally ("Will & Grace") and Mathew Baynton ("Yonderland"), the story follows an eclectic group of seemingly unconnected characters around the world as their lives start to intersect in the most unexpected ways. When we say eclectic, we mean a rebellious priest, an unhinged white supremacist, a mild-mannered bank manager, a germ-phobic cyber-terrorist and an American five-star general. Some of these misfits are destined to make it to a bunker deep beneath the English suburbs of Slough and, as a result, will become the hugely unlikely (and totally unsuitable) future of mankind. Wouldn't that be a disaster!
Containment	Drama	8.0	When a mysterious and deadly epidemic breaks out in Atlanta, a vast urban quarantine is quickly enforced, forcing those stuck on the inside to fight for their lives while local and federal officials desperately search for a cure. Trying to keep the peace on the streets is police officer Lex Carnahan, who has quickly risen through the ranks of the Atlanta PD. But Lex's job becomes even harder when he learns that his longtime girlfriend, Jana, and his best friend and fellow officer Jake, are trapped within the cordoned area. Also quarantined in viral ground zero is 17 year-old Teresa, who is eight months pregnant and now separated from her boyfriend on the other side; Katie Frank, an elementary school teacher now placed on lockdown with her entire class, including her young son; and CDC researcher Dr. Victor Cannerts, the doctor who initially made the controversial call to quarantine the area and is now racing to find a cure for the virus. On the outside, Dr. Sabine Lommers is leading the government efforts to contain the outbreak, and has asked for Lex's help in enforcing the cordon - which grows increasingly difficult as the public trust deteriorates. And the public has reason to be wary, as journalist Leo begins unraveling a conspiracy, finding that something doesn't add up in the official story being told. Torn apart from their loved ones, the survivors trapped within the cordon are fighting against not only fatal infection, but also isolation, fear, and the disintegration of society around them. But as they begin to gain each other's trust, hope remains, and on either side of the cordon unlikely heroes will rise.
Scream Queens	Comedy	none	The girls of Kappa House are dying for new pledges. "SCREAM QUEENS" is a new killer comedy-horror series from Ryan Murphy, Brad Falchuk and Ian Brennan, the Emmy- and Golden Globe Award-winning executive producers of GLEE and "American Horror Story." Wallace University is rocked by a string of murders. Kappa House, the most sought-after sorority for pledges, is ruled with an iron fist (in a pink glove) by its Queen Bitch, CHANEL OBERLIN (Emma Roberts, "American Horror Story: Freak Show," "Scream 4"). But when anti-Kappa DEAN MUNSCH (Jamie Lee Curtis, "Halloween," "A Fish Called Wanda," "True Lies") decrees that sorority pledging must be open to all students, and not just the school's silver-spooned elite, all hell is about to break loose, as a devil-clad killer begins wreaking havoc, claiming one victim, one episode at a time. Part black comedy, part slasher flick, SCREAM QUEENS is a modern take on the classic whodunit, in which every character has a motive for murder... or could easily be the next blood-soaked casualty.
Wicked City	Drama	none	Each season "Wicked City" will follow a different case set in a different noteworthy era of LA history, starting with a murder case from 1982 centered on the rock and roll, cocaine-infused revelry of the Sunset Strip. Alliances are formed between detectives, reporters, drug dealers and club-goers to solve a serial murder case.
Superstore	Comedy	none	America Ferrara ("Ugly Betty") and Ben Feldman ("Mad Men," "A to Z") star in a hilarious workplace comedy (from the producer of "The Office") about a unique family of employees at a super-sized megastore. From the bright-eyed newbies and the seen-it-all veterans to the clueless summer hires and in-it-for-life managers, together they hilariously tackle the day-to-day grind of rabid bargain hunters, riot-causing sales and nap-worthy training sessions.
Dr. Ken	Comedy	none	Doctor turned actor/comedian Ken Jeong (Community, The Hangover), plays Dr. Ken, a brilliant physician with no bedside manner. He is always trying to be a good doctor, as well as a good husband and dad to his two kids. However, these good intentions have a way of driving everyone crazy at both work and at home. Luckily, his therapist wife Allison is just the right partner to keep things sane.
The Muppets	Comedy	none	"The Muppets" return to prime time with a contemporary, documentary-style show that, for the first time ever, will explore the Muppets' personal lives and relationships, both at home and at work, as well as romances, break-ups, achievements, disappointments, wants and desires; a more adult Muppet show, for kids of all ages.
The Frankenstein Code	Drama	none	What would you do with a second chance? From executive producer/writer Rand Ravich ("Life," "Crisis") and executive producer Howard Gordon ("Homeland," "24") comes THE FRANKENSTEIN CODE, a modern reimagining of the Mary Shelley classic, about a man brought back to life by two scientists playing god. Seventy-five-year-old JIMMY PRITCHARD (guest star Philip Baker Hall, "Modern Family," "Magnolia") is a shell of his former self. A drinker, a womanizer and a father who always put work before family, Pritchard was forced to resign as L.A. County Sheriff for corrupt conduct more than a decade ago. Now, some 15 unkind years later, he is killed when he stumbles upon a robbery at the home of FBI Agent DUVAL PRITCHARD (Tim DeKay, "White Collar"), one of his three children. But death is surprisingly short for Jimmy, who is brought back to life by billionaire tech-genius twins MARY GOODWIN (Dilshad Vadsaria, "Revenge") and her brother, OTTO (Adhir Kalyan, "Rules of Engagement"), founders of the social networking empire, Lookinglass. Resurrected as a younger version of himself, with physical abilities of which he never dreamed, a re-animated Pritchard (Rob Kazinsky, "True Blood") is given a second chance at life. What will he do with it? Will he seek vengeance against those who killed him? Will he try to repair the damage he did to his family? Will he embrace a new sense of purpose or fall prey to old temptations?
Rosewood	Drama	9.0	Meet the Beethoven of private pathologists... From executive producer Todd Harthan, ROSEWOOD is the story of DR. BEAUMONT ROSEWOOD, JR., the most brilliant private pathologist in Miami. Using his wildly sophisticated autopsy lab, he performs for-hire autopsies to uncover clues that the Miami PD can't see. His new partner-in-crime is Detective VILLA a Miami PD detective with attitude and demons to spare. While she's impressed by Rosewood's incredible abilities, his constant optimism is more annoying than it is infectious. But somehow, week-to-week, this unlikely tag team will solve many crimes together. Joining Rosewood in his practice are his sister and "toxicology queen," PIPPY; and DNA specialist TARA MILLY IZIKOFF aka TMI, who is Pippy's fiancée. Plagued with his own set of medical ailments, Rosewood sees that every moment of life should be embraced and lived to the fullest. And those moments of victims' lives that will never be are what drive him the most.
Alone	Adventure	10.0	The ten-episode series is the country's boldest and longest survival experiment ever captured for television. It places ten hardcore survivalists alone in the Vancouver Island wilderness - no camera crew, no teams, no producers - on a single mission to stay alive. At stake is $500,000 awarded to the person who can last the longest. They will face extreme isolation and psychological distress as they plunge into the unknown, self-documenting their experience.
Mr. Robot	Drama	8.9	"MR. ROBOT" follows Elliot, a young programmer who works as a cyber-security engineer by day and as a vigilante hacker by night. Elliot finds himself at a crossroads when the mysterious leader of an underground hacker group recruits him to destroy the firm he is paid to protect. Compelled by his personal beliefs, Elliot struggles to resist the chance to take down the multinational CEOs he believes are running (and ruining) the world.
Cold Justice: Sex Crimes	Crime	5.0	This new series is an extremely timely project, especially in light of the sobering statistics for sex-related crimes in America revealing that there are approximately 240,000 survivors of sexual assault in America, including men, women and children. In fact, every two minutes, someone is sexually assaulted in the United States. To combat these numbers and bring justice to the survivors of sexual assault, former Harris County, Texas, prosecutors Casey Garrett and Alicia O'Neill are traveling to small towns around the country to help local law enforcement close cases that have sat dormant for years.
Public Morals	Drama	8.5	This summer, TNT is going to take viewers to the seedy, gritty streets and the bright, seductive lights of 1960s New York with "Public Morals", a powerful, buzz-generating police drama from writer, director, executive producer and star Edward Burns (Saving Private Ryan, The Brothers McMullen, TNT's Mob City). Public Morals also stars Michael Rapaport (Justified, Prison Break) and Elizabeth Masucci (The Americans, Inside Amy Schumer). The series centers on Terry Muldoon (Burns), an officer of the Public Morals Division, which investigates vice crimes in the city. Many of Muldoon's fellow cops in the division walk a thin line between morality and crime as vice-related temptations threaten to snare even the best of officers, including Muldoon's partner, Charlie Bullman (Rapoport). As Muldoon watches the Hells Kitchen streets where he grew up devoured by an escalating war within two factions of the Irish-American Mob, he becomes more determined than ever to fight back against the city's dark underbelly so he can provide a safe place where he and his wife, Christine (Masucci), can raise their family.
Thunderbirds are Go!	Action	10.0	Remake of the hit 1960's television show. In the 21st century, Jeff Tracy, a former astronaut, amasses a colossal fortune and decides that he must use it to benefit others. His answer to this desire is to create International Rescue, a unique private emergency response service equipped with customized designed vehicles and equipment that enable the organization to react to any crisis whether it be in sea, air, land, or space. Jeff's five sons volunteer to operate as the pilots and field agents, as well "Brain" who acts as the teams engineer. In addition, Jeff's friend, Kyrano and his daughter Tanusha aka Kayo (based on the original series Tin-Tin character) agree to be the support staff. In addition to the field team, IR also maintains an intelligence network with Lady Penelope and her ex-con chauffeur, Parker as the chief agents in this arm. The series depicts this team as they answer various calls for help around and beyond the world while they prevent enemies like the Hood from learning and exploiting their secrets.
Femme Fatales	Crime	7.0	Inspired by and styled in the tradition of pulp stories, film noir and graphic novels, this provocative hit series tells the stories of dangerous women who find extraordinary ways of coping with their problems, channeling their survival instincts and bringing out their inner guile.
No Offence	Drama	9.0	No Offence follows a group of policemen on the front line wondering what they did to end up where they are on the ugly side of Manchester Keeping these streets clean is a Herculean task, enough to demoralize even the keenest rookie. But there's a reason these cops are in this force. As the never ending rabble off the local estates pours in, Inspector Vivienne Deering, the station's sharp, funny (peculiar) and hard-as-they-come boss, and her team led by DC Dinah Kowalski (smart but impetuous, stuck in the middle, SINGLE MOTHER in her 30s) and DC Joy Freers (buttoned up so tight she might pop. But nobody's mug), show they have what it takes to crack crime and to expose the addled, the skanky, the pimps, the petty and the really proper nasty bastards for the sewer rats they are. Channel 4 describes the show as: "Raucous, riotous and razor sharp", adding "No Offence is a new and completely original take on the world of the police procedural and is set to shock, move and invite audiences to laugh themselves silly by turns."
Wild Palms	Science-Fiction	7.0	A dark, sexy, noir Los Angeles of the future is the backdrop for Oliver Stone's haunting, sci-fi saga of greed, treason and virtual reality. Harry Wyckoff is about to become a player in a dark and terrifying battle where everything is at stake and no one is who they seem. Featuring an all-star cast, this story about a cult, a corporation, and a conspiracy to rule the country, is one of the most original movie events in recent history.
V.I.P.	Comedy	7.5	A campy syndicated series about Vallery Irons, a girl working at a hot-dog stand who accidentally saves a celebrity and is mistaken for a bodyguard. She and a team of beautiful bodyguards form a bodyguard agency called V.I.P. which stands for Vallery Irons Protection. When Vallery Irons first comes to California, she has no idea that her big break will come from a date with a famous action star. While attending a Hollywood premiere, a crazed fan pulls a gun - but her movie hunk turns into a coward, and it's Vallery who becomes the hero. Suddenly, she's thrown into a world of action and danger as owner of a Hollywood protection agency (V.I.P. or Vallery Irons Protection), taking the risks to protect others at a price few are willing to pay.
Sweating Bullets	Action	6.5	After an unconventional DEA cop gets fired, he begins a new job as a private investigator in Florida. Feeling at first like he was in paradise, it wasn't long before his eyes were opened to both the ugliness of the crimes and the beauty of the women.
The Team	Crime	7.5	Criminals don't stop at borders, and neither should the police. "The Team" portrays a group of European police officers fighting international crime throughout Europe. The series is written by specialists Peter Thorsboe and Mai Brostrøm (The Eagle, The Protectors) – names that guarantee well-grounded and vividly inventive cases with complex, stimulating characters. "The Team" consists of forensics, legal and IT experts, along with profilers and psychologists; their cases take them to Europe's major cities. The series benefits from Europe's huge cultural diversity and is shot in original languages. It sheds light into the reality of today's organized crime, as well as into the fates behind the crimes. "The Team" sees to it that justice wins and the victims' dignity is restored.
Taken	Science-Fiction	8.5	Executive-produced by Steven Spielberg, the ten-episode, 20-hour miniseries Taken was one of the most ambitious projects undertaken by cable TV's Sci-Fi Network, ultimately costing 40 million dollars — a price that proved well worth it, inasmuch as the series posted the network's highest-ever ratings. Covering a period from 1947 to the present, the story focused on three different families, each of whom was profoundly affected by extraterrestrial visitation. The Keys family was headed by WWII bomber pilot Russell Keys (Steve Burton), who spent virtually his entire adult life haunted by his "close encounter" with aliens. The Clarkes were originally represented by lonely Texas waitress Sally Clarke (Catherine Dent), who was impregnated by a charming stranger (Eric Close) who turned out to be an alien survivor of the Roswell crash. And the lives of the Crawfords were dictated by ruthless Army officer Owen Crawford (Joel Gretsch), who was determined to prove that the government had covered up the truth about Roswell by dedicating his life to tracking down all space aliens and their half-human descendants. The story was narrated by Allie Keys (Dakota Fanning), a "hybrid" child of the present day, whose story determined the outcome of the final episodes.
Stripperella	Action	6.0	A stripper-turned-superhero who fends off evil villains such as Dr. Cesarean, a plastic surgeon who gives unsuspecting women explosive breast implants; Cheapo, a frugal villain who makes his henchmen share a gun and Pushy Galore, a former genetic physicist who breeds animals with designer logos on their skin. With the ability to land safely after jumping from tall buildings, courtesy of her enhanced hair, and her patented move called "Scissor-ella" in which she crushes the villains with her thighs, along with the lie detector implanted in her generously-sized chest, Stripperella proves to be one tough superhero unwilling to give up.
Sledge Hammer	Comedy	7.7	In the fall of 1986, an unsuspecting TV nation met a new kind of comedy hero who made Rambo look like Pee Wee Herman. David Rasche starred as the trigger-happy lawman whose hatred of criminal scum and yogurt eatin' creeps was matched only by his love of excessive force and a .44 Magnum. Over the next two seasons, this hilariously deranged lampoon of DIRTY HARRY and plenty of other targets became one of the most notorious series in television history and launched a rabid cult of fans that grows to this day.
Silk Stalkings	Action	8.0	In Palm Beach, Florida, crimes of passion are a frequent occurrence among the rich and beautiful. Enter Sgt. Rita Lance (Mitzi Kapture) and Sgt. Chris Lorenzo (Rob Estes), the attractive young homicide detective whose job it is to investigate these high-class murders--or 'Silk Stalkings', as they call them. Pulsing with illicit affairs, kinky encounters, cold-blooded murders, and their own dark secrets, these are the deadly days and steamy nights of TV s sexiest cop partners.
Relic Hunter	Action	8.3	Tia Carrere stars as a university professor and black belt who globetrots after lost, stolen and rumored-of artifacts and antiquities.
Renegade	Action	4.0	On the run & on the road! An innocent man on a quest to clear his name! He was a cop, and good at his job. But he committed the ultimate sin, and testified against other cops gone bad. Cops that tried to kill him, but got the woman he loved instead. Framed for murder, now he prowls the badlands. An outlaw hunting outlaws, a bounty hunter, a Renegade.
Point Pleasant	Horror	7.3	All hell is about to break loose in a sleepy New Jersey town when a sudden violent storm washes in more than the tide. The peaceful existence of a small seaside community will dramatically change forever when Christina Nickson is rescued from the ocean by local lifeguard Jesse Parker and brought to the home of local doctor Ben Kramer. The Kramers, including Ben's wife, Meg, and daughter, Judy, take an instant liking to Christina and invite her stay with them as she searches for clues to her past and attempts to find her mother, a Point Pleasant native whom Christina never knew. Unbeknownst to Christina, her presence in the town is having a profound effect on its inhabitants - awakening repressed feelings, unlocking secret desires and heightening emotions. As Christina seeks answers to her mother's disappearance, she will come to realize that she has never known her "real" father either - for Christina is the offspring of a mortal woman and the Devil. While Christina struggles to control the demon inside her (and the powers that come with it), the fight for her soul has begun and the town of POINT PLEASANT has turned into the ultimate battleground of good vs. evil.
Gargoyles	Action	8.8	For 1,000 years, a race of heroic creatures has been frozen in stone -- the victims of human betrayal. Now, with the magic spell broken, these amazing Gargoyles awaken from their slumber to find themselves transported from the moors of Scotland to the bustling metropolis of New York City.
Gantz	Adventure	8.0	Gantz is a sexually-charged sci-fi head-trip' a gory experiment in flesh and blood where the only thing worse than dying is dying again.If you are chosen by the bizarre black sphere known as the Gantz, you are already dead. You remember dying, yet you can eat, sleep, have sex; it feels a lot like life. Strangers join you in this limbo. While some are good, some are very bad. All are dead like you for now. You might be able to reclaim your mortality. But first, the Gantz demands that you undertake missions of brutality and madness, killing aliens hidden among the population. It is your only chance and you have no choice. You must play this disturbing game. You must experience this nightmare. And if you die again and you likely will it's permanent.
The Crow: Stairway to Heaven	Action	6.5	Exactly one year after being brutally murdered, rock musician Eric Draven returns to Earth, searching for a way to right what has been wronged and to reunite with his missing soulmate, Shelly Webster. Guided by a mystical Spirit Crow, he is neither living nor dead, possessing strange new powers to aid him in his search for revenge, which ultimately must become a quest for redemption.
Honey West	Drama	5.0	As televisions first title roll female Private Eye, Honey West would take on any tough case. After the death of her father, the sexy private detective took over his high-tech PI firm. Being assisted by the rugged Sam Bolt and her pet ocelot Bruce, she could handle herself mingling with millionaires just as well as scaling a thirty foot wall.
Black Scorpion	Action	6.5	After her father is shot by a crooked district attorney, Angel City police Detective Darcy Walker takes to the streets to dispense vigilante justice in the guise of the Black Scorpion.
Beastmaster	Action	6.0	The sword and sorcery adventures of a wandering adventurer who has the ability to communicate with animals.
Largo Winch	Action	none	Largo Winch (Paolo Seganti) is a 28-year-old adventurer, drifting around the world, searching for himself. Along the way he's picked up with Simon Ovrannaz (Diego Wallraff), an ex-thief he met in a Turkish prison. The two are best friends...almost brothers.Then one day, Largo's life is changed forever when he learns that Nerio Winch (David Carradine), the step-father he barely knew, is dead. Nerio is an Aristotle Onassis-like billionaire who secretly adopted Largo as a child, but never took him in. Instead, he paid a family in Luxembourg to raise him, then sent him to a monastery as a teenager to be educated. Nerio paid the bills, and that was pretty much the extent of their relationship. These last few years, they barely saw each other.Now Nerio has committed suicide because he was dying of a brain tumor...and, incredibly, has left his vast fortune and control of Group W, his multi-national corporate empire, to Largo. Largo is overwhelmed by the responsibility of this sudden inheritance. The board of directors at Group W despise him, thinking him unworthy and incompetent.Then Largo receives an astonishing video recorded by his step-father just before his death. On it, Nerio reveals that he was once a member of a mysterious organization called The Adriatic Commission, a secret conspiracy of billionaires and politicians who work to control the economic and political destiny of the world for their own ends. For years they have tried to kill Nerio for leaving. In the video Nerio says that if he is dead, despite what the official cause of death may be, it is because they have finally succeeded. Nerio ends by charging Largo with using Group W to seek out and destroy The Commission and uncover the names of its secret members.Eventually Largo discovers another bit of amazing information. Nerio was not his step-father at all, but his biological parent. He kept Largo's existence a secret to protect him from The Commission, which would have surely used the son against the father.And so Largo faces a series of enormous challenges. He must learn to run one of the world's biggest corporations, all the while being opposed and undermined at every turn by his own Board of Directors. They are led by Michel Cardignac (Charles Powell), a charming, scheming, ruthless executive who will do whatever he can to see Largo ousted and himself at the head of Group W.Largo must also follow his father's wishes and try to expose and destroy The Adriatic Commission. And since The Commission is determined to gain control of Group W, they are always shadowing him, always waiting for an opportunity to pounce and destroy him.But Largo is an adventurer at heart, not a businessman. And so, at every opportunity, he bolts the boardroom and sets off in search of excitement. But he doesn't go alone. He's assisted by Joy Arden (Sydney Penny), a beautiful ex-CIA agent who used to work for Group W's security under Nerio, and Georgi Kerensky (Geordie Johnson), a former KGB agent who left Russia after the fall of the Soviet Union.His biggest ally inside Group W is John Sullivan (Serge Houde), head of the Group W legal department and a member of the Board of Directors. He was Nerio's best friend, and swore to do all he could to help Largo navigate the treacherous waters of Nerio's empire.
Bleach	Action	9.5	Ichigo Kurosaki is a teenager gifted with the ability to see spirits. His life is drastically changed by the sudden appearance of a Soul Reaper—one who governs the flow of souls between the human world and the afterlife—named Rukia Kuchiki, who arrives in search of a Hollow, a dangerous lost soul. When Rukia is severely wounded defending Ichigo from the Hollow, she attempts to transfer half of her reiatsu energy to Ichigo so that he can defeat the Hollow. However, Ichigo takes almost all of her energy, transforming into a Soul Reaper and allowing him to defeat the Hollow with ease. With her powers diminished, Rukia is left stranded in the human world until she can recover her strength. In the meantime, Ichigo must take over Rukia's role as a Soul Reaper, battling Hollows and guiding souls to the afterlife realm known as the Soul Society
Rurouni Kenshin	Drama	9.0	Welcome to the Meiji Era. Japan is a land experiencing times of troubled peace and renewal after a long and bloody civil war. Swords and killing are outlawed, but all is not as well as it would seem. Lurking in the shadows are many survivors of the revolution awaiting their chance for vengeance. Only the former government assassin, Kenshin Himura can keep the peace. Kenshin gives up the life of "Battousai The Man Slayer" and sets off as a lone wanderer. His travels lead to the Kamiya Dojo where he discovers the chance to start life over.
Robocop: Prime Directives	Action	none	The OCP, teetering on the brink of bankruptcy, is taken over by a scheming executive; RoboCop and RoboCable work together to save Delta City.
Aeon Flux	Action	7.3	Follow the deftly skilled Aeon on her adventures through a futuristic world brimming with chaos and corruption.
Bron / Broen	Drama	9.4	When a body is found on the bridge between Denmark and Sweden, right on the border, Danish inspector Martin Rohde and Swedish Saga Norén have to share jurisdiction and work together to find the killer.
Highlander	Action	none	"I am Duncan Macleod, born 400 years ago in the Highlands of Scotland. I am Immortal, and I am not alone. For centuries we have waited for the time of the Gathering, when the stroke of a sword and the fall of a head will release the power of the Quickening. In the end, there can be only one."
Highlander: The Raven	Action	7.5	"She is a creature of legend…like the Raven, a thief who stole the sun and the moon. They sent a warrior to bring her back. He found her, and together they brought light back to the world. Sexy Amanda Derieux, teaming up with freelance security expert, Nick Wolfe, puts her high octane arsenal of charisma and sassy, good looks into full force to charm, confound and, when necessary, destroy Immortals bent on evil
Code 37	Drama	6.0	Code 37 is a television series of the Flemish broadcaster VTM. Production started in April 2009. At first it was called Erika Maes , but later they still chose a different name. The series started on 31 August 2009.The story revolves around a police force specializing in sexual offenses. Code " 37 " is the code used by the prosecutors for the charges of sexual offenses . According to the Belgian Code sexual offenses include rape, incest, (child) pornography, sexual abuse of minors, child abuse, pedophilia, exhibitionism, sexual assault, sexual harassment, sexual discrimination, prostitution and incitement seen or organizing all of the above.
Death Parade	Fantasy	9.0	There is a place after death that's neither heaven nor hell. A bar that serves you one chance to win. You cannot leave until the game is over, and when it is, your life may be too. From Studio Madhouse (Death Note, Black Lagoon) comes a thrilling new series where the stakes are high and the rules are simple: your life is on the line.
Tatakau Shisho: The Book of Bantorra	Action	7.5	In another time and place, on a world of pain and sorrow, when someone dies, their soul doesn't go to Heaven or Hell - it becomes a book. A book that reveals the deceased's innermost secrets and that can be read by anyone. Protecting these priceless treasures is the elite organization known as the Armed Librarians. It's their job to keep the books and the knowledge within them safe from those who would misuse or destroy them. It's a tough, dangerous job, so Chief Librarian Hamyuts Maseta recruits only the best and the brightest psychics to join her team of expert fighters. Even so, will they be able to stop the fanatics of the Shindeki Church from wreaking vengeance on the entire world? Only time will tell, but that book hasn't been written yet.
Camp	Drama	none	The series explores the campers and counselors at Little Otter Family Camp, where summer memories are made.
Starhunter	Science-Fiction	8.0	The year is 2275. Earth has colonized the entire solar system, but things are dangerous out there. Enter Dante Montana, a reluctant bounty hunter haunted by his past, who, along with his crew, travels the universe in pursuit of dangerous interplanetary criminals, including The Raiders—an evil force that Dante believes kidnapped his son. Meanwhile, covert forces are waging a desperate war to unlock the secrets of the Divinity Cluster—powerful knowledge that in the wrong hands would mean universal domination...
Fastlane	Action	7.0	A flashy action series about a pair of mismatched cops taking on L.A.'s lawless with the help of a beautiful boss and a warehouse full of high-end props and confiscated property.
Special Unit 2	Comedy	6.8	A young Chicago cop and a veteran officer battle monsters terrorizing the city in a tongue-in-cheek adventure that suggests the creatures are the missing link between man and apes.
Mann & Machine	Action	6.5	Futuristic crime story in which an L.A. cop is partnered with a cyborg partner, who has the sparkle of Data from `Star Trek' combined with the body of Julie Newmar from `My Living Doll.' Plus, as her partner puts it, `She's never had the experience of being wrong.'
Bubblegum Crisis: Tokyo 20140	Action	7.5	In the aftermath of the great earthquake, one ruthless corporation stands ready to take over the devastated city of Tokyo with an army of synthetic monsters. Only a single band of female vigilantes opposes the monolithic power of Genom - but in this case, four women are all it takes! Armed with the most incredible combat suits ever designed, the Knight Sabers wage a desperate war in the shadows, combating the monstrous by-products of technology run amuck with courage, sweat and blood!
Metal Fighter Miku	Action	6.0	In the near future, the sports world is dominated by Neo Wrestling. Metal Fighters challenge each other in the ring, their strength and endurance complimented by armored suits. The stakes are high as the girls of the Pretty Four face Team Sapphire. Their skills are stretched to the limit in this game, where beauty, grace, and style are just as important as strength and speed.
Neon Genesis Evangelion	Drama	9.0	The year is 2015, and half of the Earth's population is dead, victims of the disaster called Second Impact! Answering a summons from his enigmatic father, 14-year-old Shinji Ikari arrives in the rebuilt city of New Tokyo-3 just as a gigantic creature identified as an "Angel" attacks! Forced into the cockpit of a giant bio-mechanical construct known as an Evangelion, Shinji must defend the city from the rampaging Angel or die trying!
Now and Then, Here and There	Drama	7.5	Dragged through a time warp by a strange machine, Shu is thrust into a hellish future as it explodes into war! Surrounded by fierce warriors enslaved innocents, and enigmatic wanderers, Shu faces the ultimate challenge of survival in a world gone mad!
Cat's Eye	Comedy	6.0	Cat's Eye is the most notorious group of art thieves in Japan. No one knows their identities, but for most of Tokyo, the mystery only heightens their allure. To bumbling detective Utsumi Toshio, Cat's Eye is a colossal pain in the neck. They outwit him and the rest of the police at every turn, making them look ridiculous. He would never dream of being in love with someone in Cat's Eye. Except he already is. Toshio has no idea that Cat's Eye is actually his girlfriend, Hitomi Kisugi, and her sisters Rui and Ai. Running the Cat's Eye Cafe next door to the police station, they bring ''hiding in plain sight'' to a whole new level. But thievery and romance are difficult to balance. Hitomi will need all the help she can get to stop Toshio from discovering her identity - especially when he starts having feelings for her alter-ego!
Spawn	Action	8.0	Adults-only animated series about a CIA hit man whose death causes him to seal a deal with the devil. But the devil transforms him into 'hell spawn,' a dark warrior who battles the forces of evil on the earth--and in himself.
The Avengers	Comedy	8.7	With its imaginative stories of secret agents in 1960s swinging Britain, The Avengers combines science fiction with fantasy, fashion and a unique sense of style, and can rightly claim its place as a prime example of the spy-fi genre. We may be in the 21st century, but The Avengers retains a fascination that is as fresh today as it was when it first took off on the small screen.
The New Avengers	Comedy	6.3	The New Avengers is a British secret agent fantasy adventure television series produced during 1976 and 1977. It is a sequel to the 1960s series, The Avengers and was developed by original series producers Albert Fennell and Brian Clemens. A joint UK-France-Canada production, the series picks up the adventures of John Steed (Patrick Macnee) as he and his team of "Avengers" fight evil plots and world domination. Whereas in the original series Steed had almost always been partnered with a woman, in the new series he had two partners: Mike Gambit (Gareth Hunt), a top agent, crack marksman and trained martial artist, and Purdey (Joanna Lumley), a former trainee with The Royal Ballet (to which she ascribed the high-kicking skills she frequently used in the series) who was an amalgam of many of the best talents from Steed's female partners in The Avengers.
You're Under Arrest!	Comedy	6.0	The craziness begins as Tokyo Highway Patrolwomen Natsumi and Miyuki get off to a bad start when Miyuki busts Natsumi for reckless moped driving on her way to work. Things go from bad to worse when they find out they're going to be partners!
Najica: Blitz Tactics	Action	6.0	Super-sexy Najica Hiragi fights to save a ruined world from depraved criminals and dangerous androids. While on a mission for the CRI intelligence agency, Najica rescues the Humaritt Lila, an android with super-human strength but not a lick of common sense. Lila becomes Najica's partner, and together they begin taking on the bad guys!
Sorcerer Hunters	Action	8.0	On the Spooner Continent, humans are oppressed by evil wizards who rule over them; their only hope lies in the Sorcerer Hunters, five supernatural heroes who fight injustice according to the orders of the goddess-like "Big Momma." The improbable quintet at the center of this 1995 broadcast series is a lot less dignified than their title suggests: blond muscleman Gateau Mocha, elegant Marron Glace (pronounced "GLAYSS," rather than "glah-SAY"), his klutzy brother Carrot (the self-proclaimed "love machine"), and the Misu sisters, Tira and Chocolate.
Boogiepop Phantom	Drama	7.0	Five years ago, a string of grisly murders shook the city to its core. Now terror has returned, and this time it has a name: Boogiepop. Everyone knows about Boogiepop: death incarnate, she stalks the night in search of fresh victims. Meet her, and you simply...vanish. In the darkness, glass shatters and time stands still... There's something out there, and it's coming closer. Are you safe?
Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex	Action	7.5	Major Motoko Kusanagi is a beautiful but deadly cyborg that is squad leader of Section 9-the Japanese government's clandestine unit assigned to battle terrorism and cyber warfare. Surrounded by an expertly trained team, Motoko faces her ultimate challenge- the Laughing Man- a terrorist who orchestrated a kidnapping and extortion plot many years ago and has suddenly reappeared. In order to discover the identity of this enigmatic criminal, Motoko and Section 9 are drawn into a deadly labyrinth and they ll have to use all their expertise to survive.
Mezzo	Comedy	7.5	Her name is Mikura, and she's all about service with a smile. So what if that service is cracking skulls and the smile happens to be on the other end of a loaded gun? Get ready for this chic with a killer body and vicious skills to wreak havoc and mayhem all in the name of the Danger Service Agency!
Mortal Kombat: Defenders of the Realm	Action	5.0	Mortal Kombat: Defenders of the Realm is an animated series based on the popula Mortal Kombat fighting game franchise.
Serial Experiments Lain	Anime	9.0	Close the World. Open the Next. Decades before the internet was something people carried around in their pockets, these words introduced anime fans to a surreal existence where computer monitors served as portals to brave new worlds. Serial Experiments: Lain and its deceptively "ordinary" title character redefined an entire generation's concept of the world wide web, prompting us all to suspiciously take note of humming power lines and central processing units. Follow along as fourteen year old Lain – driven by the abrupt suicide of a classmate – logs on to the Wired and promptly loses herself in a twisted mass of hallucinations, memories, and interconnected-psyches. Close the World. Open the Next. It's as simple as the flip of a switch.
Psycho Pass	Drama	9.0	Welcome to a world where just thinking about a crime is enough to enough to make you guilty. Bad intentions can no longer be hidden, and the police know exactly which tainted minds are about to cross over to the wrong side of the law. The great equalizer in the war on thugs is the Dominator, a futuristic weapon that can read minds and assess the risk that a citizen will turn criminal. Cops work in teams made up of Enforcers and Inspectors. Enforcers take out the bad guys, Inspectors stop their partners from going rogue, and the all-powerful Sibyl System keeps a watchful eye on us all. Society is paralyzed by its deepest, darkest desires, and trial by jury has been replaced by the wrath of the Dominator. Welcome to the future. How guilty are you?
Kekkai Sensen	Action	none	A breach between Earth and the netherworlds has opened up over the city of New York, trapping New Yorkers and creatures from other dimensions in an impenetrable bubble. They've lived together for years, in a world of crazy crime sci-fi sensibilities. Now someone is threatening to sever the bubble, and a group of stylish superhumans is working to keep it from happening.
Junketsu No Maria	Comedy	none	In the midst of the Hundred Years' War lives teenage witch Maria. Hating war in all its forms, Maria interferes in battle after battle—ensuring no victory on either side. But when the heavens themselves have had enough of Maria's meddling, the angels decree that she may no longer use magic in public; and should she ever lose her virginity, she will lose her magic powers completely.
Saenai Heroine no Sodatekata	Comedy	none	One day on his way home, hardcore otaku Tomoya encounters a beautiful girl in a scene seemingly torn directly out of a dating simulation game. Inspired, he decides to create his own dating sim based around this girl. There is just one problem: In reality the girl, Megumi, is normal and rather boring—nothing like the heroine of his imagination.
Yatterman Night	Comedy	none	When ten-year-old Leopard's mother gets sick, Leopard tries to get medicine from the prosperous Yatter Kingdom—only to be shot at by the supposedly heroic Yatterman. As she grieves over her mother's death, she discovers her legacy: Her ancestors were the age old enemies of the Yatterman and the villains of countless stories. But if the Yatterman are actually the evil ones, Leopard decides, then perhaps the stories were wrong and her ancestors were the heroes. Thus, Leopard sets off with her two companions—vowing to teach the Yatterman the error of their ways by giving them the forehead flicking they so richly deserve.
Fate/Stay Night	Action	8.0	Raised by a mysterious sorcerer after the horrific death of his parents, Shiro Emiya has only just begun to help others using the small tidbits of magic that he's learned. However, when he's suddenly caught in a battle between two more powerful Magus, Shiro finds himself performing a spell above his expected ability, summoning the beautiful spirit warrior Saber to protect him! But safety is only momentary as Shiro and Saber now find themselves thrust into in a secret world of dark magic and deadly challenges: a no-holds barred duel to the death known as the Holy Grail War! At stake: a prize of unimaginable power. But can the inexperienced Shiro and Saber survive long enough to even enter the contest? First they'll have to withstand waves of treachery and assassination, even as Shiro scrambles to learn everything he'll need to know to stay alive as seven teams of Magus and Spirit Servants face off in mortal combat! The ultimate game of death and magic unfolds as the Holy War erupts in FATE / STAY NIGHT!
Fate/Stay Night: Unlimited Blade Works	Action	none	Fate/Stay Night: Unlimited Blade Works follows seven mages paired with seven legendary heroes from across history all battling it out for the ultimate prize: the wish-granting holy grail.
The Mighty Boosh	Comedy	8.0	Come with us now on a journey through time and space... to the world of The Mighty Boosh... Written by and starring Noel Fielding and Julian Barratt, The Mighty Boosh is an off-the-wall adventure based on their Perrier Award-winning comedy show. The Mighty Boosh is a show about two zoo keepers, Howard Moon and Vince Noir, who work at "The Zoo-niverse", a dilapidated but magical zoo. It is run by Bob Fossil, a demented American with a military disposition. Vince is a regular 'Mowgli in flares', due to his affinity with animals and adoration for all things Seventies. Howard likes to think he is more the brains of their zoo-keeping outfit, destined for better things. Each week they get involved in a different adventure. Whether they end up in the Arctic tundra or monkey hell they somehow always manage to get back to the zoo intact...
Noel Fielding's Luxury Comedy	Comedy	none	The co-creator of The Mighty Boosh is back and this time he's taken it to another level. Noel Fielding's Luxury Comedy is a psychedelic character based comedy show half filmed and half animated, with music provided by Kasabian‘s Sergio Pizzorno.
Garth Marenghi's Darkplace	Comedy	9.0	Garth Marenghi's Darkplace is the brainchild of celebrated horror writer and self-styled "fabulist" Garth Marenghi, author of such genre classics as Afterbirth (a mutated placenta attacks Bristol) and Crab! ("One of the three best horror books about crabs I've ever read" - Hard Gore Magazine). Back in the 1980s, he branched out into television production, writing and starring in a series so radical, so scary and so downright crazy that when the bosses of Channel 4 saw what they had on their hands, they ran away screaming, like little girls. Only now, twenty years on and amid the worst programming drought in television history, have the station finally allowed the show on the air. Intercut with new interviews with Marenghi himself and his co-stars Dean Learner and Todd Rivers, Garth Marenghi's Darkplace is perhaps the most disturbing vision of hospital life ever broadcast.
Look Around You	Comedy	none	Look around you. Look around you. Just look around you. What do you see? A tree. A weather-vane. A discarded lollipop-wrapper. A traffic shop. All of these things, and any other things you may care to mention, have one thing in common. Can you work out what it is? The first series of this British comedy show, filmed in 2002, was a send-up of the earnest programmes for schools made in the 1960s and 1970s. The second series (2005) is a friendlier spoof of the BBC's own slightly wacky 'Tomorrow's World' programme (1965-2002), and it gives a view from somewhere around 1982 of what life might be like in the early 21st century. The new series is again written by Robert Popper and Peter Serafinowicz and consists of six thirty-minute shows, a big improvement on the ten-minute format of the first series. The new episodes are all wonderfully daft... Remember to have your jotter and your copy book handy!
Snuff Box	Comedy	none	Both actors use their real names for their main characters. Berry plays a hangman ("High Executioner to the King of England"), and Fulcher his assistant. The majority of the programme is set in a "gentlemen's club for hangmen", although the show is also interspersed with sequences of sketches, often featuring different characters.
Dexter's Laboratory	Comedy	10.0	Deep in the depths of his secret laboratory, boy genius Dexter computes, experiments, invents and builds incredible creations like mom robots, interdimensional portals, talking animals, brain replacements and stealth dodgeball devices, until his ditzy sister Dee Dee ruins his overly-executed plans … if only he could fit her into a test tube!
Sym-Bionic Titan	Action	none	Sym-Bionic Titan follows the lives of Ilana, Lance and Octus, three alien teens that crash-land on Earth while attempting to escape an evil General who has taken over their home planet, Galaluna. Ilana, princess of Galaluna, Lance, a rebellious but capable soldier, and Octus, a bio-cybernetic robot, must now blend into everyday life in Sherman, Illinois. Posing as high school students, Lance and Octus work to conceal Princess Ilana from General Modula and his hideous space mutants sent to harm the sole royal heir of Galaluna. This motley trio makes a real effort to navigate high school life, all while saving the planet and themselves from an onslaught of inter-galactic attacks. When called into battle, Octus activates the sym-bionic defense program and Ilana, Lance and Octus come together to form the spectacular cyber-giant Sym-Bionic Titan.
The Powerpuff Girls	Action	9.0	The Powerpuff Girls is an award-winning animated action series about three super-powered little girls Bubbles, Blossom and Buttercup with one very big mission: saving the world before bedtime.
Courage The Cowardly Dog	Adventure	6.7	The things he does for love! Welcome to the middle of Nowhere, Kansas. Population: one kind old lady, one crabby old man, one timid dog and all sorts of creepy creatures, scary monsters and crazed villains! It's a living nightmare for poor Courage, who faces these unthinkable dangers with his body shaking and his tail between his legs. But Courage loves his sweet Muriel and grumpy Eustace, so he digs deep to find the strength to save his beloved family from deadly weremoles, dark shadows and other sinister elements that pop up all over this terrifying town. With clever nods to classic horror films, this action-packed animated series keeps laughs and scares coming as Courage outwits evil with his singular brand of bravery.
Superman: The Animated Series	Action	8.0	Superman battles evil while trying to conceal his alter ego, Clark Kent.
China, IL	Family	none	Class is officially back in session at the University of China, IL, the worst college in America. China, IL will return in April with more laughs, more absurd situations and a less education than ever! In its third season, the faculty will continue to provide absolutely no instructive growth for the University's students, thus prolonging both graduation and our delight in the chance to drink.
Superjail!	Comedy	1.0	The warden is back and the death toll at Superjail continues to rise at an impressive rate! Complete with fist fights galore, baffling love triangles, and psychedelic animation that will melt your face off.
Line of Fire	Drama	none	A unique show from creator Rod Lurie about the life of the mob and the FBI. While the mob boss, Jonah Malloy (David Paymer) is trying to run his business away from the interference of the FBI, the FBI is trying everything to bring down his terror team. What Malloy doesn't know is that he has a FBI undercover, Roy Ravelle (Anson Mount), working for him. Lisa Cohen (Leslie Hope) heads the FBI team, which also include Paige Van Doren (Leslie Bibb), who recently lost her husband on 9/11.
Missing	Drama	6.0	Vivica Fox stars as an FBI agent who finds missing people with her new partner, a young psychic.
Threshold	Drama	8.3	The suspense drama focuses on a team of experts who, after a strange phenomenon is discovered, must try to thwart the possible global threats that stem from it. Dr. Molly Anne Caffrey (Gugino) is a government contingency analyst whose job is to devise response plans for worst-case scenarios. In a single instant, her life changes when one of those plans -- THRESHOLD -- is activated by Deputy National Security Advisor J.T. Baylock (Dutton). Armed only with her hypothetical strategy to address an unprecedented occurrence, Caffrey now finds herself thrust in the midst of a global crisis. Now, to help her investigation, Dr. Caffrey hand-picks a team of eclectic specialists to help execute her plan: Dr. Nigel Fenway (Spiner), a disillusioned NASA microbiologist; Lucas Pegg (Benedict), a brilliant but neurotic physicist; Arthur Ramsey (Dinklage), an expert in languages and mathematics who has a penchant for unpredictability, women and alcohol; and Cavennaugh (Van Holt), a highly trained covert operative with a mysterious past. Together, they are in a race against the clock to identify the source of the threat that could strike at any time, anywhere and to anyone.
Kiseijuu	Action	none	One day, high school boy Shinichi wakes up to find that his hand has been possesses by a talking alien parasite Although he and his parasite are able to form a reluctant symbiotic relationship of sorts, the other parasites on Earth have taken over their hosts' bodies completely. Moreover, there are brutal murders happening all across the country. And while the police are baffled as they look for a killer, Shinichi is the only one who knows the truth: It's not a serial killer. It's the parasites feeding on human flesh.
Shingeki no Bahamut Genesis	Action	none	Favaro is a bounty hunter only concerned with catching his target, blowing the reward money on a night of debauchery, and then doing it all again. However, one night in his drunken boasting, he attracts the attention of Amira, a girl who has recently stolen one half of the key needed to free the most destructive force the world has ever known—the dragon Bahamut. Now Favaro's life is a bit more complicated as he finds himself cursed to travel with Amira as the minions of heaven and hell hunt them across the world.
Shirobako	Drama	none	Back in high school, five friends were in the animation club together. Now they each work (or are in the process of breaking into) the anime industry. One is a production assistant, one a key animator, one a 3D animator, one a voice actor, and one an aspiring script writer. But their lives are far more hectic than the days they spent making anime together as students.
American Ninja Warrior	Drama	10.0	The action-packed series follows competitors as they tackle a series of challenging obstacle courses in both qualifying and finals rounds across the country. Those that successfully complete a course in their designated region move on to the national finals round in Las Vegas, where they face a stunning four-stage course modeled after the famed Mt. Midoriyama in Japan. Matt Iseman serves as host, along with former NFL player Akbar Gbaja Biamila (NFL Network).
Bullseye	Family	none	BULLSEYE will challenge four men and four women to test their bodies and brains in three ultimate challenges that ask nothing more than for them to hit the BULLSEYE - literally. Comedian Godfrey ("The Godfrey Complex") will serve as co-host. BULLSEYE's fierce "weekend warriors" will participate in three levels of extraordinary challenges, all of which involve using their bodies like human darts to hit targets - on land, sea and air. As the rounds advance in this fun-for-the-family summer series, only those with the sharpest aim move forward. The first challenge finds the eight competitors vying to hit the center of a stationary target while leaping from a moving 18-wheeler, being pulled by a helicopter or acting as a human slingshot being projected hundreds of feet through the air. In round two, the remaining four competitors - two men and two women - race to hit as many targets as possible. These competitors may be aiming for targets while descending down a building or jumping between two racing speedboats. In the third and final challenge, the remaining three competitors race against the clock to conquer the ultimate test and hit the final BULLSEYE.
Becoming Us	Drama	none	The groundbreaking new unscripted drama series "Becoming Us" (formerly known as "My Transparent Life") centers on a teenager named Ben who is learning to live with his dad becoming a woman. The series will follow Ben, his family and his friends as they support one another through this unexpected journey and navigate their new world with Charlie now living as Carly. The show is a generational story of a loving family and circle of friends supporting one another through this unfamiliar situation.
Why? With Hannibal Buress	Comedy	none	For those intrigued by life's curiosities, Comedy Central and comedian Hannibal Buress will give you the answers! The #1 brand in comedy has greenlit eight episodes of the weekly, half-hour series, "Why? With Hannibal Buress", it was announced by Kent Alterman, President, Content Development and Original Programming, Comedy Central. "Hannibal keeps asking us 'why' so we just told him to go find out and we'll air it," said Alterman. "I'm extremely excited to help Comedy Central sell advertising," said Buress. Executive produced by Buress, Jeff Stilson ("The Chris Rock Show" and "Da Ali G Show") and Dave Becky of 3 Arts Entertainment, "Why? With Hannibal Buress," celebrates Buress' hilariously brilliant off-beat voice and point-of-view. If it's in the zeitgeist, Buress will address it, providing his unique perspective on each week's topic, answering the burning questions on his mind through stand-up, filmed segments, man-on-the-street interviews and special, in-studio guests. "Why? With Hannibal Buress" will be a weekly, half-hour series shot in front of a studio audience and each episode will tape the same week it airs.
10-8	Drama	none	A former Brooklyn bad boy earns his badge as a rookie L.A. deputy sheriff in this cop-in-training drama from executive producer Aaron Spelling.
That '80s Show	Comedy	none	The producers of 'That '70s Show' looked for laughs (and didn't find many) in this sitcom set in 1984 San Diego and focusing on record-store employees and their sardonic boss, a woman who survived the summer of love mostly intact.
The Agency	Drama	none	Spy drama about the inner workings of the CIA and the toll it takes on the lives of its operatives.
Aoki Hagane no Arpeggio: Ars Nova	Action	8.0	In the year 2039, global warming has caused a sudden rise in sea level, leading mankind to lose a great deal of land territory. At the same time, a fleet of mysterious warships clad in mist, known as the "Fleet of Fog," begin to appear throughout the world's seas, attacking humanity's warships with their powerful superweapons. Humanity threw all the military strength it possessed at the Fleet of Fog in a decisive battle, but was crushed by the fleet's overwhelming might...
The Bad Girl's Guide	Comedy	none	Cameron Tuttle's sassy rule books for women inspired this short-lived sitcom about an ad exec, who lives life on her own terms, and her friends.
Black Sash	Drama	6.0	An ex-cop teaches martial arts to a diverse group of teens in San Francisco.
Charles in Charge	Comedy	7.0	For free room and board, a college student takes care of three kids while still finding time for a social life (apparently his studies tended to get back-burnered).
Dark Justice	Drama	none	Nicholas Marshall is a judge by day and a motorcycle-riding avenger by night in this late-night vigilante drama. His after-hours exploits began after those responsible for the deaths of his wife and daughter are set free.
Due South	Drama	8.5	An upright Mountie cracks cases alongside a savvy Chicago detective in a wry cult series that playfully deconstructs American and Canadian stereotypes, while providing enough cast chemistry and plot surprises to make this one of the more fondly remembered '90s crime dramas.
Eleventh Hour	Drama	9.5	ELEVENTH HOUR from acclaimed producer Jerry Bruckheimer follows Dr. Jacob Hood, a brilliant biophysicist and special science advisor to the government, as he investigates scientific crises and oddities. His jurisdiction is absolute and Hood is dogged in his pursuit of those who would abuse and misuse scientific discoveries and breakthroughs for their own gain. His passion and crusade is to protect the substance of science from those with nefarious motives. He is called in at the eleventh hour and he represents the last line of defense. Special Agent Rachel Young is the decorated FBI protection officer assigned to watch Hood's back.
Eyes	Drama	none	Impulsive, sharp-witted Harlan Judd (Tim Daly) runs Judd Risk Management, a discreet, high-tech private investigation firm that handles cases with the highest possible stakes, while operating at the absolute fringes of the law. Along with ruthlessly efficient investigator Nora Gage (Garcelle Beauvais-Nilon) and a staff of brilliantly skilled, driven individuals -- some with their own agendas and secrets -- Harlan does whatever it takes to prevail in a world of uneasy alliances and uncertain loyalties.
Husbands	Drama	none	Waking up married after a drunken Vegas weekend used to be an adventure reserved for one man and one woman. But thanks to a new law, athlete Brady Kelly and actor Cheeks find themselves unexpectedly and legally wed. Unwilling to undermine the hard-fought battle with a public quicky divorce, these two decide to make a go of it. They were doing okay when they were dating. But how will it work out, now that they are HUSBANDS?
$#*! My Dad Says	Comedy	9.0	A middle aged son moves in with his old fashion dad.
100 Questions	Comedy	none	Charlotte Payne (Sophie Winkleman, "Peep Show") is looking for love but she has yet to meet Mr. Right. When she joins an online dating site, Charlotte takes a 100-question compatibility test -- and each one requires her to recount a humorous time in her life.
Accidentally on Purpose	Comedy	none	ACCIDENTALLY ON PURPOSE, based on the bestselling memoir by Mary F. Pols, is a comedy about a single woman, Billie, who finds herself "accidentally" pregnant after a one-night stand with a much younger guy, and decides to keep the baby...and the guy. A newspaper film critic, Billie is barely surviving a humiliating breakup with her charming boss, James, who's still trying to resume their relationship. Pregnant, after a brief fling with her "boy toy" Zack, Billie and Zack make an arrangement to live together platonically. Billie's party girl best friend Olivia, and Abby, her conventional, younger married sister, eagerly look forward to the new addition and offer their own brands of advice and encouragement. But when Zack and his freeloading friends, including Davis, start to turn her place into a frat house, Billie isn't sure if she's living with a boyfriend, a roommate, or if she just has another child to raise.
Better with You	Comedy	none	"Better with You" is a comedy about three different couples, intertwined in one family, at various stages in their romantic relationships. There's a couple, Maddie and Ben, in a happy, long-term relationship and not married. Another couple, Mia and Casey, in a brand-new relationship and unexpectedly motivated to make a rush to the altar. Last but not least, there's a long-time married couple, Vicky and Joel, who've been together for 35 years but may have a new take on life. Maddie and Ben have a strong relationship, but they will come to learn that there may be value in Mia and Casey's impulsiveness and spontaneity. And both sisters could surely learn something about relationships from their long-married parents. With three very different relationships, is it free thinkers vs. over-thinkers, or will each couple begin to see things a little bit differently?
Four Kings	Drama	none	Barry (Seth Green), Ben (Josh Cooke), Bobby (Shane McRae), and Jason (Todd Grinnell) have been best friends their entire lives and haven't even spent a birthday apart. When Ben's grandmother, who has dubbed them the "Four Kings of New York," passes away, Ben inherits her large, posh apartment. Ben, of course, asks his friends to move in with him, but his girlfriend Jenny (guest star Kiele Sanchez) conveniently decides that it's a good time in their relationship for them to move in together. As the guys prepare to make the move, having decided that there's enough room for all of them, Jen gives Ben an ultimatum - his friends or her.
Happy Hour	Comedy	none	Henry's girlfriend Heather breaks up with him almost immediately after they move to Chicago together, leaving Henry shell-shocked, broken-hearted, out of a job and out of an apartment - all on the same day. He learns the only apartment opening in their building is with Larry, a vain, flashy, yet loveable rogue who agrees to take Henry on as a roommate now that his previous roommate, Brad, has moved in with his controlling fiance, Tina. Larry relishes the opportunity to "build a better Brad" and mold Henry into an image of himself, but Larry quickly learns there are lessons he can glean from Henry as well.
I Just Want My Pants Back	Comedy	none	"I Just Want My Pants Back" follows the triumphs and misadventures of a group of friends as they navigate post-college life in Brooklyn.
My Guide to Becoming a Rock Star	Comedy	none	"Guide" follows the adventures of Jace Darnell, an aspiring rock god who takes viewers through achieving stardom step-by-step via the adventures of his own band, SlipDog.
Him & Her	Comedy	none	An intimate anti-romantic comedy about real-life love in its lazy, messy, everyday glory.
Mad Dogs	Drama	none	Max Beesley, Philip Glenister, John Simm and Marc Warren go on the holiday from hell in this original British drama that swings from the surprising to the sublimely surreal.
Complete Savages	Comedy	none	"Complete Savages" chronicles the amusing and chaotic trials and tribulations of a father single-handedly raising five teenage boys.
Endgame	Drama	8.0	Endgame tells the story of former World Chess Champion Arkady Balagan (Shawn Doyle; Big Love, Lost), who develops a debilitating case of agoraphobia after witnessing the murder of his fiancée. Unable to leave his hotel and running out of money, the arrogant and charismatic Russian inadvertently becomes a detective - using his fierce analytical skills to solve baffling crimes.
Freddie	Comedy	none	Freddie Prinze, Jr. makes his television series starring debut in this offbeat family comedy from the team behind "The Drew Carey Show" and "George Lopez".
Hank	Comedy	none	Kelsey Grammer stars in this timely comedy as Hank Pryor, a titan of industry who suddenly finds himself out of work, almost out of money and around a wife and kids for whom he's never made much time. Despite his recent setbacks, however, Hank is confident he's on the road back to the top. He knows he is destined to return to greatness. And he is just not the greatness he imagines.
I Dream of Jeannie	Comedy	9.5	I Dream of Jeannie is an American sitcom with a fantasy premise. The show starred Barbara Eden as a 2,000-year-old genie, and Larry Hagman as an astronaut who becomes her master, with whom she falls in love and eventually marries.
Man Up!	Comedy	none	Three modern men try to get in touch with their inner tough guys and redefine what it means to be a "real man" in this funny and relatable comedy. Will's grandfather fought in WWII. Will's father fought in Vietnam. Will plays Call of Duty on his PS3 and drinks non-dairy hazelnut creamer. So what happened to all the real men? They're still here -- they just smell like pomegranate body wash now. Meet Will (Mather Zickel). His evolved, sensitive nature is why his awesome wife, Theresa (Teri Polo), married him. But Will and his friends find themselves wondering -- in a world of Axe ads and manscaping -- what does it really mean to be a guy anymore? Will is more interested in finding the perfect gift for his son Nathan's (Jake Johnson) 13th birthday than in doing his job selling insurance; sensitive soul Craig (Christopher Moynihan) still pines for his college ex, Lisa; and Kenny (Dan Fogler) clamps down on his anger and asks himself, "What would Tobey Maguire do?," when his ex, Brenda (Amanda Detmer), starts seeing a guy (Henry Simmons) who is everything he's not and much better looking. After Craig crashes Lisa's wedding to try to win her back, they are all faced with an opportunity to Man Up and be like their forefathers.
Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Drama	7.3	Our glamorous lady detective, The Honourable Miss Phryne Fisher, swans into early 1929 Melbourne, fighting injustice with her pearl-handled pistol and her dagger-sharp wit.
My Generation	Drama	none	What a difference ten years can make. In 2000, a documentary crew follows a disparate group of high schoolers from Greenbelt High School in Austin, TX as they prepare for graduation, then revisits these former classmates ten years later as they return home to rediscover that just because they're not where they planned doesn't mean they're not right where they need to be. These students couldn't wait to graduate and head out into the real world. But the world they were entering got very real very fast. As these classmates return home to revisit their old hopes for their future, they'll discover that, even if you don't get exactly what you thought you wanted out of life, it's not too late to get what you need.
Nightmares & Dreamscapes	Horror	none	This anthology series of eight one-hour episodes adapted from King's short stories will feature such notable performers as Emmy winner and Oscar® nominee William H. Macy(Fargo, TNT's Door to Door and The Wool Cap) and Jacqueline McKenzie (The 4400, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood), who star in Umney's Last Case; Emmy winner Kim Delaney (NYPD Blue, CSI: Miami) and Steven Weber (The Shining, Wings), who star in You Know They Got a Hell of a Band; Samantha Mathis (TNT's The Mists of Avalon and Salem's Lot) and Jeremy Sisto (Six Feet Under, TNT's Julius Caesar), who headline The Fifth Quarter; Golden Globe nominee Ron Livingston (Band of Brothers, The Cooler) and Golden Globe nominee Henry Thomas (E. T. The Extra-Terrestrial, Legends of the Fall), who star in The End of the Whole Mess; Oscar® nominee Tom Berenger(Platoon, TNT's Into the West) and Oscar® nominee and Golden Globe winner Marsha Mason (The Goodbye Girl, Frasier), who star in The Road Virus Heads North; and Oscar® winner William Hurt (Kiss of the Spider Woman, The Village), who headlines Battleground.
Notes from the Underbelly	Comedy	none	Realizing he may be a pushover, Andrew forces himself to be more assertive. It proves to be a big turn-on for Lauren, until he embraces his opinions to the point where the delicate balance of their relationship is threatened. Eric and Julie hire a nanny who refuses to divulge the secret swaddling technique that instantly calms Baby Perry. Meanwhile, Danny and Cooper find themselves "accidentally dating" when he starts cooking for her in return for legal aide.
Run of the House	Comedy	none	Since mom and dad have made a temporary move from the frigid winters of Grand Rapids to sunny Arizona to protect dad's health, you'd think it'd be pretty sweet at home for 15-year-old Brooke Franklin (Margo Harshman, "Even Stevens"). Well, think again. Brooke's brothers, Kurt (Joseph Lawrence, "American Dreams") and Chris (Kyle Howard, "Grosse Pointe," "Orange County") and her sister Sally (Sasha Barrese, "The Hulk") are in charge. Though there is the usual bickering about household responsibilities and personal lifestyles, Brooke's siblings share more than a common gene pool; they also share a real concern about Brooke's well-being and the intention to raise their youngest sister correctly. Unfortunately, they just can't agree how to do it. A realistic, funny and youthful sibling comedy.
Running Wilde	Comedy	8.7	From the Emmy Award-winning creator and the star of the critically acclaimed FOX series "Arrested Development" comes RUNNING WILDE, a romantic comedy starring Will Arnett ("Arrested Development," "30 Rock") as STEVE WILDE, a filthy-rich, immature playboy trying desperately to win (or buy) the heart of his childhood sweetheart, EMMY KADUBIC (Keri Russell, "Waitress," "Felicity"), the uber-liberal humanitarian who got away - all told through the perspective of a 12-year-old girl. Steve Wilde has never performed a selfless act. But why should he - he's rich! The son of an oil tycoon, Steve hasn't had to work a day in his life and has always gotten everything he's wanted - with one exception: the love of Emmy. The daughter of a former Wilde housekeeper, Emmy is an earnest do-gooder who has spent her adult life trying to save the world. And though Emmy is content living with an indigenous tribe in the Amazon rainforest, her 12-year-old daughter, PUDDLE (Stefania Owen, "The Lovely Bones"), just wants to be a normal kid experiencing her adolescence in a normal place. And she would speak up except for the fact that she hasn't spoken in years. When Wilde Oil's expansion in the rainforest threatens her adopted tribe, Emmy decides to attend Steve's self-thrown "Humanitarian of the Year" award ceremony in hopes of convincing him to help her cause...and also maybe because she still has a thing for Steve. But same-old Steve is unwilling to help because fighting Wilde Oil (a/k/a Dad) means putting his meal ticket in jeopardy. Rather than run the risk of letting Emmy slip away again, Steve pulls out all the stops to win her heart. To do so, he enlists the only other people in his life who can help: MIGO SALAZAR (Joe Nunez, "Superbad," "Prison Break"), Steve's employee/sidekick/errand-boy, and GERTIE STELLVERTRETTER (Jayne Houdyshell, "Law & Order"), Steve's nanny-turned-head-of-security as well as the biggest protector of Steve...and her own job. Despite having everything he ever wanted, Steve knows he can't buy love and happiness, which falls in sharp contrast to Emmy, who has nothing but love and happiness. So with Emmy committed to doing good for nothing, and Steve being a good for nothing, will this hopelessly mismatched pair ever be able to reconcile their differences?
Skins	Drama	6.0	"Skins" is about the lives and loves of teenagers and the obligations of friendship. The drama series features an ensemble cast of unknown teenage actors as they navigate complex relationships, the politics of friendship and difficulties of daily life in their formative years.
The Casual Vacancy	Drama	none	Pagford is a charming English idyll, but what lies behind the pretty façade is a town at war.
The Sing-Off	Music	none	A cappella groups compete for a recording contract.
Who Do You Think You Are?	Family	none	"WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?" returns this spring to give eight new celebrities a unique opportunity to dig into their roots and learn more about their family history. The two-time Emmy nominated series is Executive Produced by Lisa Kudrow and Dan Bucatinsky.
The Refugees	Drama	none	Mankind is suffering the biggest exodus in history. 3,000 million people from the future have traveled to the present to escape from an imminent global disaster. All the refugees must obey two rules: they must not talk about the future and they must not contact their families.The arrival of the refugees takes everyone by surprise, including the Cruz family. The series centers on their story, the story of Samuel, Emma and little Ani. A shift in their existence after the arrival of a mysterious refugee, Alex, who has an incredible mission that will change their lives, and in order to accomplish his mission, he will not hesitate to do what there is to do: including breaking the rules.
Ashes to Ashes	Drama	8.0	Crime drama series featuring Life On Mars' DCI Gene Hunt. After being shot in 2008, DI Alex Drake lands in 1981, where she finds herself in familiar company.
The Legacy	Drama	10.0	The death of a matriarch brings forgotten secrets out into the open and causes a prolonged battle for the family inheritance.
The Watcher	Drama	none	The Watcher is an American anthology drama series that premiered on UPN in January 1995, during the network's inaugural season. The series aired Tuesday night at 9:00 p.m Eastern time.
Vanished	Drama	8.0	In the series premiere, Sara Collins, the beautiful young wife of prominent Georgia Senator Jeffrey Collins, inexplicably vanishes. As the search for Sara unravels one of the nation's most prominent families, it also exposes evidence that could rock the foundations of American society. Through the eyes of Senior FBI Agent Graham Kelton, ambitious reporter Judy Nash and the distraught members of the Collins family, viewers will journey inside a sensational, thrilling national soap opera. Kelton, partnered with determined Agent Len Mei, uncovers enigmatic clues that suggest Sara's disappearance may be part of a large, sinister conspiracy. At the Collins home, Jeffrey and Sara's dutiful son Max is keeping secrets of his own, while his rebellious sister Marcy is on the verge of eloping with her sketchy boyfriend Ben, whose motives are questionable. Just when things couldn't get any more chaotic for Senator Collins, his ex-wife Jessica Nevins and a man from Sara's past, Peter Manning, mysteriously surface.
Unhitched	Comedy	none	UNHITCHED is a new comedy series set in Boston following four friends learning the painful lessons of starting over in their 30s, who go about looking for true love in all the wrong places. In the opener, Jack "Gator" Gately (Craig Bierko, "Scary Movie 4," "Boston Legal") finds himself ill-prepared to re-enter the dating scene as a blind date goes bananas for him; his friend and neighbor Kate finds big things come in small packages when she dates a member of the Boston Celtics; and Indian-born Dr. Freddy learns that love isn't cheap with the woman of your dreams.
Unhappily Ever After	Comedy	7.5	A "Married with Children" take-off with the twist of a schizophrenic father.
The Triangle	Drama	10.0	A spectacular sci-fi experience in which billionaire Eric Benirall handsomely pays a team of four specialists to investigate how and why his cargo ships keep disappearing within the waters of the Bermuda triangle. But before very long, the journalist, the scientist, the nautical engineer and the psychic are uncovering such bizarre truths that they doubt if any amount of money was worth it.
Tracker	Action	none	In a galaxy far away, alien criminals organize a spectacular prison break. Pursued by their home planet's authorities, their leader Zin decides there's only one place to go: through a wormhole that allows instantaneous travel to Earth. Cole is the Alien Tracker who's in hot pursuit of the escaped convicts. When a government group investigating extraterrestrials captures one, Cole must break into the facility and free him before they gather hard evidence they need to prove that Alien life exists on earth.
Touching Evil	Drama	9.5	After recovering from being shot in the head, FBI agent David Creegan returns to work at the bureau's Organized and Serial Crime Unit a changed man. His inhibitions are just about gone - which makes him a relentless pursuer of criminals, but also a potential liability to his partner.
Traveler	Action	none	How well do you know your friends? Would you bet your life on it? That's the question in "Traveler," an action-packed drama series that taps into 21st century paranoia with provocative themes, complex characters and pure adrenaline-fueled entertainment.
Tokyo Undergeround	Action	7.0	Under the capital city of Tokyo, Japan, there exists a large, vast, and unknown world known as Underground. There, people known as Elemental Users exist; people who have the ability to control the elements: Fire, Water, Lightning, Magnetism, Freeze, etc. Meet Rumina Asagi and his best friend Ginnosuke Isuzu, two average high school freshmen who reside in Tokyo. When they meet Gravity User, Chelsea Rorec, and the Miko of Life, Ruri Sarasa, their whole lives change into one big adventure.
Threat Matrix	Action	none	Using stories ripped from the headlines, Special Agent John Kilmer heads the Homeland Security Agency, dedicating his life to diverting disaster and keeping the United States safe. Oh, and he works with his lovely and lethal ex-wife.
Deutschland 83	Drama	none	"Deutschland 83" is a coming-of-age spy thriller, which unfolds just as the Cold War between East and West comes to a head. The eight-part series is written and created by American journalist and author Anna Winger (This Must Be the Place) alongside her husband Joerg Winger, a successful German showrunner ("Soko Leipzig"), who serves as executive producer. The New York Times touted the series as an "ingenious, counterintuitive look at the Cold War." "Deutschland 83" is a captivating story set against the real culture wars and political events of Germany in the 1980s. The drama follows Martin Rauch (Jonas Nay) as the 24-year-old East German native is pulled from the world as he knows it and sent to the West as an undercover spy for the Stasi foreign service. Hiding in plain sight in the West German army, he must gather the secrets of NATO military strategy. Everything is new, nothing is quite what it seems and everyone he encounters is harboring secrets, both political and personal.
American Crime Story	Drama	none	American Crime Story, a companion anthology focused each season on a different true crime story which made headlines and captivated the imagination of the public.
Sirens	Drama	9.0	A team of world-weary paramedics are forced to confront the dregs of society - not to mention their own inadequacies - in this comedy drama
The Fall Guy	Action	9.0	Lee Majors stars as the Fall Guy, Colt Seavers, a stunt man moonlighting as a bounty hunter who uses Hollywood stunt tactics to capture criminals.
Fantasy Island	Drama	6.0	At a luxurious but remote tropical island resort, the enigmatic Mr. Roarke somehow makes the secret dreams of his well-heeled guests come true, although twists of fate occasionally turn those dreams into nightmares. He is assisted by Tattoo, a little person who could be trusted to sing out, "Da plane! Da plane!" as each group of guests arrived. In the final season of the series, Roarke is joined by Lawrence, a dapper Englishman.
Fear Factor	Action	none	We have taken the groundbreaking 'Fear Factor' franchise that many fans remember fondly and have ramped it up to make it even more challenging and competitive than ever before," said Telegdy. "Once again, the contestants will have to face their ultimate fears to prevail -- and the tension and drama of that process will make for some riveting television." "Fear Factor" will step into its new day and time one week after the conclusion of "The Sing-Off" on December 5. "Fear Factor" returns to NBC with all-new episodes featuring new stunts that will thrill viewers while testing the stamina and nerves of the contestants. Advancements in technology have allowed the producers to develop stunts that are more fantastic than ever before - such as the "Towering Inferno" and the "Helicopter TNT Crash."
Forever Knight	Crime	8.7	Nick Knight is a 13th-century vampire living in modern-day Toronto. In an effort to regain his mortality, Knight atones for 700 years of evil by fighting crime as a homicide detective for the Toronto police.
The Huntress	Drama	none	After a car bomb kills a bounty hunter, his widow and his daughter take up the family business.
The Heavy Water War: Stopping Hitler's Atomic Bomb	Drama	9.0	The story about the heavy water war unfolds during the prolouge, eruption and the end of the second world war. We follow the story of the the key personnel in the race of who develops the atomic bomb first.
Akame Ga Kill!	Action	none	Under the rule of a tyrannical empire, Tatsumi, a young swordsman, leaves his home to save his poverty stricken village. He meets a girl named Akame, an assassin who was bought, brainwashed and trained to kill by the Empire. Akame is a member of the secret assassin group called "Night Raid" who use special weapons called Teigu. Together, Tatsumi and the members of Night Raid confront the corrupt empire.
Paranormal Survivor	Horror	none	Do you believe in ghosts, poltergeists, and demons? PARANORMAL SURVIVOR will take you through terrifying real-life encounters with the supernatural. Hear from those who've faced these feared spirits – and watch dramatic recreations that lure people back to the scenes of these harrowing confrontations.
Just Shoot Me	Comedy	9.0	Following her on-air sabotage of a testy television news anchorwoman, writer Maya Gallo suddenly finds herself out on the street. Unable to find a job and facing eviction from her apartment, she takes the advice of her roommate Wally and goes to see her estranged father, women's magazine editor Jack Gallo, for help. However, in order to see him, she must first run a gauntlet created by Jack's staff at Blush, including his assistant Dennis Finch, former model Nina Van Horn and head photographer Elliot Dimauro.
The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	Action	none	Jules Verne and friends battle the League of Darkness.
Jpod	Drama	none	The jPod universe chronicles the amoral, lighthearted and often shocking lives of five 'Podsters.' Set in an isolated work area inside the global headquarters of video gaming giant, Neotronic Arts, Ethan Jarlewski (David W. Kopp; Stargate-SG-1, Psych) and four co-worker pals are bureaucratically marooned in the basement all because of the Y2K virus and the simple fact that their surnames begin with the letter 'J.' The Podsters' lives are far from normal and they routinely deal with dim-witted bosses, sexual debauchery, gang warefare and gore-laced game designs. jPod also follows the lives of Ethan's seemingly ultranormal parents, Jim and Carol Jarlewski (Alan Thicke; Growing Pains and Sherry Miller; Queer as Folk). Jim and Carol are the new post-middle class, now enmeshed in growing marijuana, biker gangs and ballroom dancing. Full of amusing and evil twists, jPod is a startling and ground-breaking series about life in this new century. There is no map into the unknown, but we do have these five kids with a lot of heart and plenty of dark humor to lead the way.
Doll & Em	Comedy	none	Written by and starring real-life best friends Emily Mortimer and Dolly Wells, "Doll & Em" is a semi-improvised comedy exploring what happens when a Hollywood actress hires her childhood friend as a personal assistant while making a film in Los Angeles. A bittersweet, intimate portrait of female friendship, the series follows their relationship through unexpected complications and surprising twists.
Last Exile	Action	9.0	Soaring adventure and high-flying heroism fill the skies in Last Exile - Fam - The Silver Wing, a thrilling new chapter in the Last Exile saga!Years ago, humanity abandoned the ruined Earth. Generations later, with the planet again capable of sustaining life, mankind returned. In the skies above the reborn world, rebellious young Fam and her best friend Giselle make their living as Sky Pirates. Atop sleek Vespa Vanships, the girls dart fearlessly through the clouds, capturing and selling airborne battleships for profit. It's a life of care-free swashbuckling – until the Ades Federation attacks. The only nation to remain on Earth during humanity's exile, The Ades Federation wages war against those who returned only after the planet's darkest days had passed. When Fam and Giselle rescue a princess from the clutches of the rampaging Ades armada, they join the young royal's battle to save her Kingdom from destruction – and undertake the impossible mission of uniting humanity in peace.
Medical Investigation	Drama	7.0	Neal McDonough (NBC's "Boomtown") and Kelli Williams ("The Practice") return to series television as members of a mobile medical team from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) who are summoned in a heartbeat to scope out -- and hopefully snuff out -- outbreaks of unexplained and fearful diseases. When people are suffering from a mysterious and deadly illness, which turns them blue, the team must work to put the pieces together to find the source of this potentially deadly epidemic.
Miracles	Drama	5.0	Paul Callan (Skeet Ulrich) is an investigator of modern miracles whose own faith becomes tested with each new mundane explanation. Then something happens that changes everything. A young boy with the power to heal saves Paul's life — and pays for it with his own. But before the boy dies, they both see the words "God Is Now Here" written in Paul's blood, launching Paul on an odyssey of paranormal investigation and spiritual awakening.Paul finds a kindred spirit in a former Harvard professor turned investigator of the occult (Angus Macfadyen), who opens Paul's eyes to the growing number of "strange occurrences" that may signal a much more sinister revelation. Teaming up with a former police officer (Marisa Ramirez), these investigators explore the unexplained and try to find a solution to the coming "darkness" before it's too late.
Mike Hammer	Drama	8.0	Created by acclaimed detective-noir author Mickey Spillane, private eye Mike Hammer (Stacy Keach) is a hard-boiled, two-fisted detective who mixes it up with tough guys on a mission, clean and dirty cops on the beat and drop-dead gorgeous dames with plenty of attitude. A steamy throwback to the classic film noir thrillers of the 50's. Mike Hammer is one tough cookie.
Sengoku Basara	Action	none	You've never seen founding fathers like these before: rival warlords who include ninjas, samurai warriors, and pirates hack and slash their way to total domination. But when a supreme evil - the Demon Lord Oda Nobunaga - threatens the land, these fierce generals launch a co-op campaign of annihilation and build an army of armies to obliterate their common foe.
Claymore	Action	9.0	A brutal scourge stalks the land. Yoma, monsters driven by a hunger satisfied by only one quarry – Humanity. The dark breed knows but a singular foe: Claymore. Human-Yoma hybrids of extraordinary strength and cunning, the Claymores roam from skirmish to skirmish delivering salvation by the edge of a blade.Thus begins the twisting tale of Clare, one such sister of the sword driven by pain in both victory and defeat. A child silent and suffering hidden in her past, Clare's march toward vengeance unfolds along a path marked by violence, solitude and scorn. In a land where even the predator is prey, the haunted hearts of hunter and hunted alike wear the scars of the age.
Nash Bridges	Drama	9.0	The life and cases of Inspector Nash Bridges (Don Johnson) of the Special Investigations Unit (SIU) and his quirky partner Inspector Joe Dominguez (Cheech Marin) as they keep tabs on crime in the scenic Bay Area in Bridge's electric yellow 1971 Plymouth Barracuda. Don Johnson recreates the iconic success of Miami Vice with his fashionable flair and electrifying rapport with Marin with a backdrop of the breath-taking San Francisco Bay Area.
Steins Gate	Drama	9.0	The microwave is a time machine. Okarin proved it. The self-anointed mad scientist nuked bananas into some gelatinous version of the future. Or maybe it was the past. Doesn't matter. No one thought he could do it, but he did it anyway. He sent text messages through time to people he knew. To his friends. Some of them female. Pretty. He should have been more careful. He should have stopped. Tampering with the time-space continuum attracts unwelcome attention. Clandestine organizations of nefarious origins take notice. SERN. Always watching. Okarin knows; he can feel their eyes. That s why he started the top secret Future Gadget Lab. To stop them. You should join. We get to wear lab coats, and it's dangerous. Danger is exciting because it's deadly. The microwave is a time machine. Steins;Gate is a surreal viewing experience that s an absolute must watch for all fans of sci-fi.
UnREAL	Drama	6.2	Set against the backdrop of the hit dating competition show Everlasting, "UnREAL" is led by flawed heroine Rachel Goldberg, a young producer whose sole job is to manipulate her relationships with, and among, the contestants to get the vital dramatic and outrageous footage that the program's dispassionate executive producer, Quinn King (Zimmer), demands. What ensues is an eye-opening look at what happens in the outrageous world of unscripted television, where being a contestant can be vicious and being a producer a whole other reality.
Love/Hate	Drama	none	He skipped Dublin when a gun was found in his house and he's been living for the past year in Spain but Darren Tracey decides to risk it and come back to Dublin. He's homesick and a party for his brother's release from prison is the perfect excuse. It's only for the weekend but sometimes life is full of surprises - especially if you and your friends are in gangland. When one of the gang is killed, suspicion runs rife and thoughts turn to revenge.
71 Degrees North	Action	none	Kate Thornton and Gethin Jones present a brand new adventure reality series in which 10 celebrities go on a spectacular and challenging race deep into the Arctic Circle. The stars taking part are Shane Richie, Andrew Castle, Gavin Henson, Michelle Mone, Susie Amy, Diarmuid Gavin, Lauren Socha, Konnie Huq, Marcus Patric and Joe Absolom. Their journey begins with an action-packed dog sled race to win a night in the warm. Then they face a mid-winter swim in the icy waters of a Norwegian fjord - wearing just swimsuits. Each week the group must vote for one person to leave the expedition. Who has what it takes to survive the extreme conditions and make it to the end of the trek?
3 Days	Drama	none	A drama about a case that occurs in three days between secret service agents in the Blue House. The South Korean President travels to a villa to enjoy his vacation. After three gunshots are fired, he disappears. His bodyguard Han Tae Kyung (Park Yoo Chun) attempts to find the President
Air City	Drama	none	There is a national border that links the Korean peninsula to countries all over the world. Incheon International Airport. Tens of thousands of passengers, thousands of tons of freight, and hundreds of airplanes that take off and land at this place. With 30,000 airport employees working to keep the airport open 24 hours a day, the place even has its own mini government as 21 government agencies are located on the airport premises. Airport is more than just an airport: It is a small city. Just like how one airplane part is essential to the safety of the whole flight, every single person who works at Incheon Airport plays an important role in handling the airplane take-offs and landings. "Aircity" is a story about these dedicated people.
Air America	Action	4.0	Rio and his buddy Wiley are supposedly just ordinary pilots working for the Latin American air transport company Air America. In truth, they are undercover secret agents receiving their orders directly from the State Department in Washington. As part of their duties they investigate international crime, protect witnesses, rescue people who need rescuing, and occasionally get themselves out of messes that their boss, Furman, keeps getting them into as he tries to line his own pockets.
Sword Art Online	Drama	none	In the near future, a Virtual Reality Massive Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game (VRMMORPG) called Sword Art Online has been released where players control their avatars with their bodies using a piece of technology called: Nerve Gear. One day, players discover they cannot log out, as the game creator is holding them captive unless they reach the 100th floor of the game's tower and defeat the final boss. However, if they die in the game, they die in real life. Their struggle for survival starts now...
Sidonia no Kishi	Adventure	none	A thousand years after the alien Gauna destroyed the Earth, a small remnant of humanity still fights on to survive, fleeing on the gargantuan asteroid-based spaceship Sidonia. But centuries of flight and warfare have changed mankind in incredible ways: genetic engineering has allowed humans to photosynthesize like plants, reproduction occurs through cloning, and a third gender has been created to balance the population. Even though it's been a century since the last encounter with the Gauna, military service is mandatory, with all those able enough enlisted to pilot the Garde robots that stand as Sidonia's front line of defense. For Nagate Tanikaze, whose grandfather secretly hid him in the forgotten bowels of the asteroid, it's a strange new world as he's forced to come to the surface and join the ranks of defenders. Yet his recruitment comes just in time, for the Gauna have suddenly reappeared, and what could be man's last battle will require every resource humanity has left. And what no one knows, yet, is that Nagate is not exactly what he seems, and a secret buried in his past may change the fate of all mankind!
Elfen Lied	Drama	9.0	Nyu is a babe in the woods.Lucy is a vicious killer.If only they didn t share the same body!A strange girl washes up on shore naked, unable to communicate, scared and alone. Another, a powerful mutant, uses her inhuman telekinetic powers to escape from her prison and leaves a trail of death and destruction behind her. These two couldn t be more opposite...except for the fact that they are both the same person. When two cousins give the strange girl shelter, will they come to realise the deadly secret that lies inside the mind of this horrible monster?
Space Dandy	Anime	none	Space Dandy is a dandy in space! This dreamy adventurer with a to-die-for pompadour travels across the galaxy in search of aliens no one has ever laid eyes on. Each new species he discovers earns him a hefty reward, but this dandy has to be quick on his feet because it's first come first served! Accompanied by his sidekicks, a rundown robot named QT and Meow the cat-looking space alien, Dandy bravely explores unknown worlds inhabited by a variety aliens. Join the best dressed alien hunter in all of space and time as he embarks on an adventure that ends at the edge of the universe!
Amnesia	Action	none	When the heroine regains consciousness in an unfamiliar place, she has suddenly lost all memories of everything that happened before August 1. What is this place, and what was she doing there? Who is she, and what sort of life had she lived?
Battle for the Atlantic	War	9.0	The stakes were simple. Win the Battle of the Atlantic, win the war. For six years, an undulating warzone spanning 2,800 miles was the setting for one of the most bitterly fought battles of World War II. German U-boats ravaged convoys of British Canadian supply ships, sending thousands of merchants to a watery grave, along with millions of tons of vital supplies. Britain was cut off and on the brink of surrender, an act that would give Hitler control of Europe. Britain had to somehow turn the tide. The outcome of World War II depended on it.
Freezing	Comedy	none	Set in a slightly futuristic world where Earth has been invaded and is at war with aliens from another dimension called the Nova, the story follows the adventures of a Japanese boy named Kazuya Aoi who enrolls for training at a special school for genetically modified girls called Pandoras who battle the aliens, and their male partners, called Limiters, who use a special power called "freezing" to limit their opponent's mobility. The protagonist makes the acquaintance of an unusual older girl named Bridgette L. Satellizer who appears to be the most powerful Pandora in her class, but has not yet chosen a male partner to be her Limiter, and in spite of the warnings of all his friends, he decides to be her Limiter.
Tokyo Ravens	Action	none	Harutora may seem like an ordinary guy, but he's actually a descendent of an ancient and powerful clan of omyouji. Born without the family talent for magic, he'd always believed he was destined for a normal, boring existence. All that changed the day Natsume, a beautiful face from Harutora's past, barged back into his life and forever altered the course of his future. When her sudden arrival leads to a violent and tragic encounter with a magical prodigy, Harutora agrees to fulfill a childhood vow by accompanying Natsume to the clandestine Onmyo Academy. Together, along with their incredible onmyouji classmates, they'll attempt to survive life at a school where not even magic can get you out of your homework.
Oniichan Dakedo Ai Sae Areba Kankeinai Yo Ne!	Drama	none	The story centers around Akito Himenokōji, a boy who was separated from his twin sister Akiko, but they end up living under the same roof together during high school.
Nobunagun	Action	none	Shio Ogura, a seemingly normal Japanese high school student, who, while visiting Taiwan on a school trip, is suddenly attacked by monsters. Agents known as "E-Gene Holders" from the government agency DOGOO also arrive, who wield weapons infused with the spirits of historical figures. However in the midst of it all, Shio is revealed to also be an E-Gene Holder when the soul of Oda Nobunaga awakens after she tries to rescue a friend.
Fairy Tail	Action	none	The story follows a teenage girl named Lucy Heartfilla who is determined to join the notorious magical Fairy Tail Guild. During a daring rescue, she encounters Natsu who is part of the guild and eventually offers her a place. They become teammates performing various missions for the Fairy Tail Guild.
Hagane no Renkinjutsushi	Action	9.0	Fullmetal Alchemist (鋼の錬金術師, Hagane no Renkinjutsushi?, literally "Alchemist of Steel"), is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiromu Arakawa. The world of Fullmetal Alchemist is styled after the European Industrial Revolution. Set in a fictional universe in which alchemy is one of the most advanced scientific techniques known to man, the story follows the brothers Edward and Alphonse Elric, who want to restore their bodies after a disastrous failed attempt to bring their mother back to life through alchemy.Source: wikipedia
Hagane no Renkinjutsushi	Action	none	Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood is set in a fictional world where alchemy – the transmutation of raw materials into objects – is science, and the way of life. The series follows the Elric brothers, Edward and Alphonse, on their perilous journey in search of the legendary "Philosopher's Stone". They set forth hoping that the magical artifact can restore their bodies after a failed attempt to revive their dead mother cost Edward his left leg and right arm, while Alphonse's entire body was taken away leaving his soul affixed to a suit of armor.Source: Anime News Network
Ranma ½	Comedy	5.0	After taking a surprise dip in a cursed spring while on a training journey in China, martial artist Ranma Saotome and his father, Genma, aren t quite themselves anymore. Now Ranma turns into a girl whenever he s splashed with cold water, and Genma turns into a panda! Their new forms cause nothing but confusion at the Tendo dojo, where Soun Tendo is waiting to introduce one of his three daughters to Ranma as his fiancée! Turns out Genma and Soun arranged the match long ago, but the girl, Akane, and the boy, Ranma, aren t exactly crazy about the idea, or each other! Or are they? Watch the gender switching, jealous rages, and martial arts battles unfold all over again!
Impastor	Comedy	8.5	"Impastor" is a dark comedy from Christopher Vane ("Wings") starring Michael Rosenbaum as Buddy Dobbs, a slacker on the run from his gambling debt. Just when he's about to end his misery and jump off a bridge, a reverend shows up and talks him down. When the reverend slips off the bridge and falls to his death, he leaves Buddy with the unlikely opportunity to steal the man's identity and pose as the new gay pastor of a small, tight-knight town, leaving his bartender ex-girlfriend Leanne (Aimee Garcia) to clean up the huge mess he left behind. Buddy begins to settle into his new life as a pastor with the help of his preppy new assistant Dora (Sara Rue), alluring church treasurer Alexa (Mircea Monroe) and enthusiastic secretary Russell (Mike Kosinski) - but the church president, Alden Schmidt (David Rasche) senses that something isn't quite right. Curing sex crazed teenagers, stealing kids' weed and reading Bible scripture may not be a bad gig for Buddy after all. Only time will tell how long he can keep up the façade.
Starman	Drama	none	The alien returns to find and assist the child he fathered 14 years before on his visit to Earth. When he arrives, he takes on the identity of Paul Forrester, a prize-winning free-lance photographer with a rather wild reputation killed in a helicopter accident. He finds the child and his mother have been separated. Paul convinces Scott to help him to locate Jenny, his friend from his first visit to Earth. Unfortunately, their search is plagued by George Fox, a paranoid government agent who feels Paul and Scott are dangerous and wants to capture, examine, and probably kill them.
Little House on the Prairie	Drama	none	The life and adventures of the Ingalls family in the 19th century American West.
The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin	Comedy	7.5	The story of a man desperate to escape his loving but dull marriage, disappointing offspring and the daily grind of his job.
The Ice Cream Girls	Drama	none	The story follows two vulnerable teenage girls who, in the summer of 1995, are accused of murdering their schoolteacher. For seventeen years, the two girls go their separate ways, Poppy having been charged with the murder. Now in 2013, they are forced to confront each other and their dark, shared history.
Outside Edge	Comedy	none	Timothy Spall (Pierrepoint), Josie Lawrence (Whose Line Is It Anyway), Robert Daws (Roger, Roger and Brenda Blethyn (Secrets and Lies) star in this award-winning comedy series based on the highly-acclaimed stage play by Richard Harris.
Burning Love	Comedy	none	One young woman starts a quest for love...but not exactly.
Monday Mornings	Drama	none	Set at the fictional Chelsea General Hospital in Portland, Ore., Monday Mornings follows the lives of doctors as they push the limits of their abilities and confront their personal and professional failings. The title refers to the hospital's weekly morbidity and mortality conference, when doctors gather with their peers for a confidential review of complications and errors in patient care.
Murder, She Wrote	Drama	7.8	Angela Lansbury stars in the role that earned her 12 consecutive Emmy nominations as everyone's favorite super-sleuth, Jessica Fletcher, a famous mystery writer who has a knack for solving murders on and off the page.
The Cosby Show	Comedy	5.0	The show focuses on the Huxtables, an affluent African-American family living and growing up in Brooklyn, New York.
Engrenages	Drama	9.0	When the badly beaten body of a young Romanian woman is discovered on a Parisian rubbish dump, the investigation plunges us deep into the murky worlds of prostitution, drugs, business, politics and justice…The investigation is led by Pierre Clément, a young recently-named public prosecutor, who teams up with Police Captain Laure Bathaud and investigating magistrate Judge Roban – three indomitable characters with their own methods, beliefs, demons and visions of justice.As the young woman's identity and past life are gradually uncovered, it soon becomes apparent that her story is tied to a network of corruption touching the very people charged with uncovering the truth about her.
Surface	Action	8.3	HERE'S SOMETHING STRANGE GOING ON IN THE WORLDS OCEANS During a routine submarine dive, oceanographer Laura Daughtery (Lake Bell) discovers an unknown life form and unearths a government cover-up operation led by scientist Dr. Aleksander Cirko (Rade Sherbedegia) Meanwhile, Louisiana fisherman Richard Beck (Jay R. Ferguson) loses his brother in a suspicious diving accident, and a young boy named Miles (Carter Jenkins) sneaks an unusual aquatic egg into his home. From the South Antarctic Sea and the Gulf of Mexico to San Diego and Monterey, there's something lurking in the water.
Miss Pilot	Drama	none	Tezuka Haru has been desperately hunting for a job, but nothing seems to come about. Without thinking about the consequences, she takes and barely passes the necessary exam to enter the world of aviation. From then on, she begins to walk the path towards becoming a female pilot. Of course she struggles a lot, especially since the training is more severe than she expected before taking the exam. She bonds with her fellow cadets, has to deal with some very strict teachers, and meets various people while going through the pilot training.
Greatest Tank Battles	Action	none	Greatest Tank Battles is an action-packed 20 -part series that brings to life the most gripping and monumental tank battles ever fought, through stunning CGI animation and eyewitness accounts. Filmed on battlefields across the world, this new original series puts viewers in the heat of the battles, witnessing historic armored combats through the eyes of the very men who manned the tanks and fought to the finish.
When Calls the Heart	Drama	8.5	Inspired by Janette Oke's bestselling book series about the Canadian West, the series tells the captivating story of Elizabeth Thatcher, a young teacher accustomed to her high society life, who receives her first classroom assignment in Coal Valley, a small coal mining town where life is simple, but often fraught with challenges. Lori Loughlin plays Abigail Stanton, a wife and mother whose husband, the foreman of the mine, along with a dozen other miners, has just been killed in an explosion. The newly widowed women find their faith is tested when they must go to work in the mines to keep a roof over their heads. Set against the wild canvas of a 19th century coal town, Elizabeth will have to learn the ways of the frontier if she wishes to thrive in the rural west on her own.
Guys with Kids	Comedy	7.0	From Emmy winner and executive producer Jimmy Fallon comes a new comedy about three thirty-something dads trying to hold on to their youth, while holding onto their new babies' hands. Easy, right? Thankfully, Chris (Jesse Bradford, "The West Wing"), Nick (Zach Cregger, "Friends with Benefits") and Gary (Anthony Anderson, "Law & Order") have each other to help navigate their survival as new dads, while still trying desperately to remain dudes. Balancing work or staying at home, painfully married or happily divorced, they know that taking care of the little ones while maintaining a social life is a daily challenge. Whether it's hosing the little squirt down in the kitchen sink or hitting the bar strapped with a baby björn, these guys are on a roller-coaster adventure - parenting like you (and they) have never seen before. Also starring are Jamie Lynn Sigler ("The Sopranos") and Tempestt Bledsoe ("The Cosby Show"). Someone once said it is much easier to become a father than to be one. These three guys are about to find out just how true that is.
Only Fools and Horses	Comedy	none	Classic John Sullivan sitcom set in south London, centred on hapless market trader Del Boy, his brother Rodney, the rest of the Trotter clan and a host of Peckham characters.
Legit	Comedy	7.0	This outrageous new comedy stars Australian Jim Jefferies as an edgy, foul-mouthed stand-up comic living in Los Angeles, struggling to make his life and career more "legit." But every time Jim tries to do the right thing, his good deeds turn into wildly inappropriate and utterly hilarious escapades. Joined by his neurotic best friend and roommate, Steve, and Steve's wheelchair-bound brother, Billy, Jim takes comedy to a whole new level, whether it's visiting a Las Vegas brothel, partying with the mentally-challenged or trying to pick up women at a gay bar.
King	Drama	8.5	In the new season of King, Detective Jessica King continues to face the challenges of each case while juggling her pregnancy, her husband's gambling and the changing dynamics of the team. King and husband Danny Sless (Gabriel Hogan, Heartland) have decided to start afresh: they've sold the house, paid off Danny's gambling debts and are starting to get excited about the baby. Firmly in control of the M.C.T.F., Jess rebuilds the team according to her style and her needs. Her fresh faces include Pen Martin (Rossif Sutherland, ER) a hot shot from the Spin Unit and Ingrid Evans (Karen Robinson, Narc), one of Organized Crime's most experienced players. These new team members will inevitably shake things up and Derek Spears (Alan Van Sprang, Reign) will have to adjust if he wants to stay relevant. Ticking clocks, fear of someone killing again, a victim dying before King finds them... every case is critical and Jess needs to solve it and solve it fast. But Jess is also going to be a mother, and she wants at all costs to save her third marriage. Can Jess King have it all?
The Only Way is Essex	Comedy	none	The Only Way Is Essex is a reality series which follows some people living in Essex, including a club promoter, a would-be model, a member of a girl band and two bar workers. Each episode features action filmed just a few days previously.
Road Rules	Action	none	Road Rules is back! And this time around, you're in charge. Like the 13 seasons of Road Rules that have come before, we're putting six suddenly penniless people in an RV and setting them on an adventure led by a Roadmaster, Drew Bell. And, as before, each episode will land the competitors in new locations to face unforeseen obstacles and challenges as they strive to achieve their goal. Expect each episode to have all of the big missions that are at the core of Road Rules. And with it expect all of the drama that comes from Road Rules veterans Veronica, Abram, Kina, Adam, Susie and Shane being crammed into an RV without a clue of where they're headed or what they'll be doing tomorrow.
The Challenge	Action	none	Battle of the Exes II takes twenty six of the most infamous former flames, recent splits, and fresh faces from other MTV reality series, to Panama for one of the most explosive Challenge formats yet. Once paired up with their exes, these competitors must overcome their past in order to face the present, if they want a shot at claiming their share of the $350,000 grand prize. Will romances be rekindled or will unresolved issues ruin these pairs? Between the bitter rivalries, jealous lovers, and demanding challenges, it'll take the ultimate couple to withstand the pressures of the game. And with a brand new, mid-season twist that will shock the cast like never before, the stakes have never been higher for these exes to work as teams.The 25th season, Free Agents, forces players to compete on their own in a battle of perseverance and luck. The players will have no idea if they'll be competing in teams, pairs or as individuals until moments before each challenge begins. Winners are not only safe from elimination, but also have the power to choose one guy and one girl to send in. The losers from that day's challenge must take part in the game's biggest elimination twist yet, "The Draw", where one guy and one girl are selected by pure chance to face the two nominated players in the elimination round. With competitors' fates being determined by a flip of a card, no amount of strategy can protect them.A grand total of $350,000 is up for grabs, and with so much money on the line, these already blood-thirsty competitors turn vicious. Heated rivalries will take shape, bitter enemies will clash, and heart-tugging relationships will form. Only the lucky few will face the epic final challenge that starts in dangerous rapids and ends at the top of an active volcano. In the end, this season will find the most worthy challenger yet, the ultimate FREE AGENT.
Dragon Ball	Action	7.3	This is where it all begins. The story starts with Goku at 12 when he first meets Bulma and is introduced to the legend of the Dragonballs: who ever gets all seven Dragonballs will have their wish granted by Shenron, the Dragon who resides within the balls. As Goku goes along his adventure he meets other characters such as Master Roshi, Krillin and others.
Dragon Ball Z	Action	7.7	Part 2 of the Dragonball madness, this story starts when Goku is an adult and introduces him to his Saiyan origin. The main theme of Dragonball Z is fighting although it still retains aspects of the humor and adventure from the previous Dragonball series. Characters develop as they grow, mature, and some even have children! Many of Goku's former enemies become his friend they band together to fight greater evils along the way.
Dragon Ball GT	Action	6.0	After the Buu saga ended in Dragonball Z, Toriyama wanted to end the series and start on another project. However Toei, the animation company wanted to continue the Dragonball series. Hence without Dragonball's main man, they developed a new series called Dragonball GT "Grand Tour." The story focuses on Goku, Pan and Trunks as they travel the galaxy in search of the universal black star Dragonballs. When the series started, it went back to a similar environment like Dragonball with humor and simplicity in mind. That proved un popular among fans. As such they went back to the old "beat or be beat" type of series fans so much adored.
Above and Beyond	Drama	8.0	Above and Beyond is a four-hour 2006 miniseries aired by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation on October 29 and 30. The miniseries is about the Atlantic Ferry Organization, which was tasked with delivering aircraft from North America to Europe in the early years of the Second World War.This World War II miniseries follows a young London couple involved in the Royal Air Force's Ferry Command operation. Set in 1940 and based on real events, the story chronicles the lovers' budding affair and their strategic decision to defy orders to preserve their romance -- and the critical mission of the RAF.
The High Life	Comedy	none	Set aboard a plane for the ficticious Scottish airline, Air Scotia, The High Life was a vehicle for the up-and-coming young Scottish commedians Alan Cumming (now best known for his turns in Goldeneye and X-Men II) and Forbes Masson. The show mixed very camp humour with ludicrous situations and bizarre dance routines to great effect. The series span out of a pilot made for the series "Comic Asides" (this still exists and has been made available on the Region 0 DVD distributed by Network Videos) but sadly only one series of six episodes was made before the series was cancelled. Alan Cumming started taking higher profile movie roles whilst Forbes Masson returned to the theatre where he has gained much critical acclaim as a playwright. The show never really struck a chord with a wide audience, although it does still have a cult fanbase, but it was equally praised and derided for its breakneck pace and energy and for its use of Scots
The Loop	Comedy	none	This comedy revolves around a guy (Bret Harrison, Grounded for Life) right out of college who becomes the first among his friends to get a real job, as a Chicago-based airline's youngest executive, and straddles the fence between slacker and working man.
Odd Mom Out	Comedy	none	The 10 episode half-hour comedy, "Odd Mom Out," stars acclaimed author Jill Kargman playing a satirical version of herself as she navigates the treacherous and elite ecosystem of New York's Upper East Side, and the uber-wealthy mommy clique inhabiting this fantastically outrageous domain. A New Yorker through and through, Jill Weber (Kargman) embraces her quirky and somewhat unconventional life with her loving husband, Andy (Andy Buckley, "The Office") and three great kids. Jill's frenemies and in-laws only fuel the pressure for her to conform, including the status-obsessed family matriarch, Candace (Joanna Cassidy, "Six Feet Under"), brother-in-law Lex (Sean Kleier, "Madam Secretary") and his wife, Brooke (Abby Elliott, "Saturday Night Live"), who reigns over a group of quintessential Upper East Side mombots with an iron credit card.
Young Hercules	Action	none	"In an age of light and darkness Zeus, King of the Gods, rules the universe. He had a son, young Hercules. Half-god, half-man, young Hercules longs to find his place in this world... the father he's never known, and what it means to be a hero. Before the man became legend... before the legend became myth... came the greatest adventure of all... young Hercules."
Mysterious Ways	Drama	8.0	Anthropology professor Declan Dunn was once buried by an avalanche, but he somehow got out alive. Now he searches for the reasons behind miraculous phenomena. He gets help from his friends: Dr. Peggy Fowler, a psychiatrist at a nearby hospital, and Miranda Feigelsteen, a physics graduate student and Dunn's research assistant.
Jessica Simpson's The Price of Beauty	Family	none	Jessica Simpson is embarking on a world tour...but this time it has nothing to do with music. Jessica, along with her two best friends, Ken Paves and CaCee Cobb, are traveling the globe to explore how different cultures define beauty and the extraordinary lengths that women will go to in order to achieve it. Journeying from Tokyo and Thailand, to Paris and Rio, to Uganda, Morocco and India -- the cast is met in each city by a "beauty ambassador" who helps them tackle topics revolving around fashion, fitness, diet and outlandish spa treatments. In each country, Jessica, Ken and CaCee experience firsthand some of the local beauty rituals, from drinking cow urine in India, to being buried up to their necks in Tokyo, to drinking gourds of ghee in a fattening hut in Uganda. But it's not all fun and games -- Jessica also explores the high price that some women pay to feel beautiful. Imagine the plight of women in Northern Thailand, who wear 20-pound rings around their necks, crushing their clavicles, to a mother in Rio who cannot afford electricity, but is secretly saving for butt implants. Each episode ends in a complete transformation of the cast. Imagine Jessica, Ken and CaCee dressed in ornate kaftans, or camel-back riding to a festive Moroccan party complete with belly dancers and live musicians. As Jessica learns how beauty is defined across the globe, and how she "measures up," and her own definition of the word, she is challenged to redefine it along the way, allowing the audience to see a personal, vulnerable and oftentimes hilarious side of Jessica Simpson. Each episode culminates in a complete transformation of the cast -- Imagine Jessica, Ken and CaCee dressed in ornate kaftans, riding camel-back to a festive Moroccan party, complete with belly dancers and live musicians. They talk to local women and dance the night away Moroccan style. As Jessica learns how beauty is defined in far away lands, her own sense of beauty, and how she "measures up" is challenged and redefined along the way, allowing the audience to see a personal, and often times, vulnerable and hilarious side of Jessica Simpson.
Quantico	Crime	8.0	A diverse group of recruits has arrived at the FBI Quantico Base for training. They are the best, the brightest and the most vetted, so it seems impossible that one of them is suspected of masterminding the biggest attack on New York City since 9/11.
1st Amendment Stand Up	Comedy	none	"Martin Lawrence Presents 1st Amendment Stand-up" returns for a fifth season with a new host, comedian Sheryl Underwood, and a fresh line-up of rising and seasoned comedy stars. The show, which is Starz' longest running original series, is scheduled to premiere in October. Performances for the fifth season will be taped May 13-16 before a live audience at The Chicago Theatre. Underwood will step in for original host Doug Williams, who will continue to serve as executive producer of the show.
Blood & Oil	Drama	3.0	Blood & Oil (formerly Boom) is about a young couple that moves to a contemporary boomtown in North Dakota in pursuit of the American dream and are seduced by the sudden wealth of frontier life.
Adam-12	Action	9.0	Race through the streets of Los Angeles with Adam-12, the series that defined the police drama genre. Still mourning the death of his former partner, Officer Pete Malloy (Martin Milner) is teamed with rookie Officer Jim Reed (Kent McCord) and together they serve and protect the City of Angels as Adam-12, their unit's radio call number. Watch a these brothers in blue struggle to manage the job's demands and frustrations, as they battle drug dealers, intervene in domestic disputes and pursue suspects in high-speed chases.
American Bandstand	Music	none	American Bandstand is an American music-performance show that aired in various versions from 1952 to 1989[1] and was hosted from 1956 until its final season by Dick Clark, who also served as producer. The show featured teenagers dancing to Top 40 music introduced by Clark; at least one popular musical act—over the decades, running the gamut from Jerry Lee Lewis to Run DMC—would usually appear in person to lip-sync one of their latest singles. Freddy "Boom Boom" Cannon holds the record for most appearances at 110.The show's popularity helped Dick Clark become an American media mogul and inspired similar long-running music programs, such as Soul Train and Top of the Pops. Clark eventually assumed ownership of the program through hisDick Clark Productions company.
Dennis the Menace	Comedy	10.0	The comic misadventures of television's most well-meaning but misguided boy are back! The lovable Dennis Mitchell (Jay North) left a trail of chaos throughout his suburban neighborhood. Yet along with his friends and classmates Tommy (Billy Booth) and Margaret (Jeannie Russell), Dennis managed to pry his way into the hearts of millions from week to week. Based on the long-running comic strip by Hank Ketcham, this beloved CBS television series (1959 1963) stayed true to form, as Dennis's youthful curiosity always managed to get him into heaps of trouble . . . especially with his crotchety old neighbor Mr. Wilson (Joseph Kearns). Herbert Anderson and Gloria Henry starred as Dennis's parents who were always on hand with love and guidance but not necessarily the required supervision.
Green Acres	Comedy	6.5	New York lawyer Oliver Wendell Douglas longs for a simpler way of life. So he buys a farm, sight unseen, and moves there to live off the land, much to the chagrin of his socialite wife, Lisa. The collision of small-town life and Lisa's sophisticated ways -- she insists on wearing full-length gowns and ostentatious jewelry, even on the farm -- provide much of the humor in the show.
Highway Patrol	Drama	8.0	Packed with fast motorcycles, powerful patrol cars, helicopters and two-way radios, Highway Patrol screamed onto the scene destined to be one of the most popular syndicated television series of all time. This action packed show filled with harrowing roadway adventures sped its way from the TV screen into pop culture with the catch phrase "10-4".
I Spy	Adventure	7.0	Bill Cosby and Robert Culp star as two of the hippest secret agents in television history in I-Spy. Travelling to exotic locales while posing as a tennis pro and his trainer, intelligence operatives Kelly Robinson (Culp) and Alexander Scott (Cosby) take on the espionage community with both grit and lighthearted banter.
Leave it to Beaver	Comedy	none	Inspired by the real life experiences of creators Joe Connelly and Bob Moshers own children, Leave It To Beaver follows the hilarious everyday adventures of young Theodore 'Beaver' Cleaver and his older brother Wally. Whether at home, at school or playing around their suburban neighborhood, Beaver always manages to get himself into some kind of trouble, comically learning each valuable lesson life has to offer along the way. Alongside baseball and apple pie, Leave It To Beaver reigns supreme in the pantheon of Americana. Boasting 234 episodes, spanning six iconic seasons from 1957 63, no other series on television better exemplifies the purity of childhood and importance of family in America.
The Untouchables	Drama	8.0	The Untouchables chronicles the campaign of Eliot Ness (Robert Stack), the young U.S. Prohibition Bureau agent determined to smash the beer and booze empire of Al Capone in 1920s Chicago.
Major Dad	Comedy	5.0	Created by Richard C. Okie and John G. Stephens, "Major Dad" is a family-friendly sitcom centered on a straitlaced Marine, his wife and stepdaughters, and his fellow Marines.
The Man From U.N.C.L.E.	Action	10.0	In what ended up as a spoof on the spy genre, Robert Vaughn and David McCallum star as a team of secret agents battling the global crime organization THRUSH. Under the aegis of the United Network Command for Law and Enforcement (U.N.C.L.E.), the dapper, suave Napoleon Solo (Vaughn) and the equally dashing Illya Kuryakin (McCallum) jet to exotic locations, defending the world from evil, chaos, and bad taste. The premise of most episodes revolved around the involvement of an "innocent": a non-spy caught up in the conflict between U.N.C.L.E. and their rival organization, Thrush.Premiering in 1964, this successful series also starred Leo G. Carroll as Alexander Waverly and featured guest stars such as William Shatner and Leonard Nimoy (of Star Trek fame), Kurt Russell as a young stowaway marked for murder, Ricardo Montalban and longtime comedy favorite Ken Murray. From trying to save the world from fear gas to trying to save themselves from a pack of bloodthirsty cheetahs, this spoof brings the spy game to life with vigor and vibrancy.
Petticoat Junction	Comedy	5.0	The small farming community of Hooterville provided the setting for this highly successful rural situation comedy. Kate Bradley was the widowed owner of the only transient housing in town, the Shady Rest Hotel. Helping her run the hotel were her three beautiful daughters, Billie Jo, Bobbie Jo, and Betty Jo. Also assisting was the girls' lazy Uncle Joe, who had assumed the title of manager. In addition to her involvement with the hotel, the romantic lives of her daughters, and her association with the townspeople, Kate was constantly at odds with Homer Bedlow, vice-president of the C.F. & W. Railroad. Homer was determined to close down the steam-driven branch of the railroad that ran through Hooterville, scrap its lone engine (the Cannonball), and put its two engineers (Charlie Pratt and Floyd Smoot) out of jobs.
Sky King	Action	8.0	'Sky King,' a WWII naval aviator-turned rancher, who flies his twin-engine Cessna high above the Arizona plains. Accompanying Sky on his adventures are his nephew, Clipper and his teen niece, Penny. Starring Kirby Grant and Gloria Winters.
Soap	Comedy	none	The controversial sitcom that defined the late '70s and became an instant classic, SOAP took viewers into the homes of not one but two of the most dysfunctional families ever - and we couldn't help but embrace every eccentric one of them!
The Beverly Hillbillies	Comedy	7.5	An instant hit, the rural comedy was the ultimate fish-out-of-water story. The Clampett family strikes it rich in oil and move from their mountain cabin in the Ozark Mountains to the upscale neighborhood of Beverly Hills. Each hilarious episode revolves around the culture clash between the "uncivilized" Clampetts and the "civilized" culture of their elitist neighbors.
The Bionic Woman	Action	7.3	She can run faster than 60 mph, bend massive steel bars, jump from insane heights, and hear sounds you can only imagine. She's no ordinary schoolteacher…she's The Bionic Woman. Relive the excitement of this iconic TV series starring Primetime Emmy® Award winner* Lindsay Wagner as Jaime Sommers, a woman leading the ultimate double life. After her unforgettable appearances on The Six Million Dollar Man as Colonel Steve Austin's (Lee Majors) true love, Jaime's story begins anew in these entertaining Season 1 episodes as she learns to deal with her new bionic abilities, becomes a top-secret agent for the Office of Scientific investigations, and deals with her changed relationship with Steve.
The Cisco Kid	Western	10.0	The Cisco Kid was one of the first television programs to feature Hispanic actors as the lead characters, and it was the first show ever to be produced in color even though most TV sets in 1950 could only display black and white film. But it was the program s perfect mix of humor and adventure that kept audiences tuning in for years, and that earned the series a Primetime Emmy Award!
The Flintstones	Comedy	8.8	Join the fun in the town of Bedrock with the this fabulously famous modern Stone-Age family.Mowing the lawn with a saw-toothed dinosaur, showering with water sprayed from a woolly mammoth's trunk and eating brontosaurus burgers are everyday events for the lovable Fred and Wilma Flintstone and their friends Barney and Betty Rubble. Living in prehistoric times has its drawbacks, but the Flintstones and their neighbors survive in style.So have a yabba-dabba-doo time with the The Flintstones.
The Invaders	Science-Fiction	6.0	David Vincent (Roy Thinnes) knows that The Invaders, alien beings from a dying planet, have arrived to take over the Earth! To make matters worse, the aliens know who he is, and most of the time where he is. Somehow he must convince a disbelieving world that the nightmare has already begun.
The Lone Ranger	Action	none	The West becomes wild when a greedy rancher stirs up trouble with a local Native American tribe. As the threat of war grows, it's up to the Masked Man and his faithful companion, Tonto, to keep the peace.
The Outer Limits	Science-Fiction	9.7	"There is nothing wrong with your television set. Do not attempt to adjust the picture. We are controlling transmission", The Outer Limits pushed the boundaries of television and viewers minds by introducing a new caliber of science fiction.
The Rat Patrol	Drama	8.0	Blazing across the North African deserts, it¹s THE RAT PATROL, an elite Allied commando team whose mission is to attack, harass and wreak havoc on Field Marshal Rommel¹s vaunted Afrika Korps. Join four-man army Sgt. Sam Troy (Christopher George), Sgt. Jack Moffitt (Gary Raymond), Pvt. Mark Hitchcock (Lawrence Casey) and Pvt. Tully Pettigrew (Justin Tarr) as they wage war against Nazis, traitors and wild-eyed fanatics.
The Roy Rogers Show	Adventure	8.5	After dozens of cowboy films stretching back to the 1930s, Roy Rogers finally came to the small screen for this long-running hit TV series. He of course was joined by his longtime love and costar, the sparklingly beautiful Dale Evans.
Where The Action Is	Family	none	Where the Action Is or (WTAI) was a music-based television variety show in the United States from 1965–67. It was carried by the ABC network and aired each weekday afternoon. Created by Dick Clark as a spin-off of American Bandstand, Where the Action Is premiered on June 27, 1965.Originally intended as a summer replacement and broadcast at 2 P.M. EDT, the show was successful enough for it to continue throughout the 1965-66 TV season, with a change in time period to 4:30 P.M. Eastern time following the horror soap opera Dark Shadows. Both programs attracted a young audience who watch the shows after school.The show's theme song, "Action", became a hit single for Freddy "Boom Boom" Cannon, peaking on the charts (#13) in September 1965. Most of the telecasts, all of which were produced in black-and-white, were taped at various locales inSouthern California although a handful of segments were taped elsewhere in the country. The theme song was written by Steve Venet and Tommy Boyce. Later Boyce co-wrote songs for The Monkees.The program had its own stable of performers, most notably Paul Revere & the Raiders, who served as the de factohouse band. When the group departed the show in 1966, they were replaced by The Robbs. Other regular performers on Action included the dance troupe Pete Manifee and the Action Kids. Individual episodes featured a wide range of guest performers, as detailed below.Also appearing were Steve Alaimo, Keith Allison, and Linda Scott. Ms. Scott had a few hit singles as a teenager in the early 1960s; she was only 20 when "Action" premiered.The weekday program was cancelled on March 31, 1967, with the network giving its local affiliates the time slot. However, members of the program's mainstay band Paul Revere and the Raiders (with lead vocalist Mark Lindsay) hosted very similar follow-up shows; both Revere and Lindsay hosted Happening '68, a Saturday afternoon follow-up toAmerican Bandstand, and a weekday version of the same show, It's Happening, from 1968 to 1969. Both shows were produced by Dick Clark's production company for ABC.
The Incredible Hulk	Action	7.3	David Banner is a research scientist trying to find a way to tap into the hidden strength that all humans possess. Then, one night in his labratory, an experiment went wrong, causing him to be overexposed to gamma radiation. Now, whenever angered or distressed, the mild-mannered scientist finds himself transforming into a powerful seven-foot green creature known as The Incredible Hulk. The Hulk is guided by David's personality, dealing with whatever distresses David. But unfortunately, David has no control over the creature's actions. Nor can he remember what he had done during his Hulkish states. He travels around the country in search of a cure, while taking various odd jobs under different aliases.
Ice Pilots NWT	Action	none	What's it about: This documentary series follows the pilots of the Yellowknife-based Buffalo Airways, which still flies Second World War airplanes to transport people around the north. Reminds us of: Ice Road Truckers in the air. The buzz: Since History Television is using words like "ice pilots," blizzards" and "frozen lakes," I'm going to go out on a limb and say this will be like Ice Road Truckers, but with airplanes. Does that mean I won't watch? Are you kidding?? I'll be glued to the set. The chance to see pilots dealing with crappy weather, loopy passengers and potentially dangerous cargo – all being shipped around in planes made in the 1940s – is a recipe for disaster. And great TV.
Famous in Love	Drama	none	Bella Thorne is set to star in the drama project, now in development, which is based onRebecca Serle's romantic novel Famous In Love. King and Serle are writing the adaptation, which centers on a college student (Thorne) plucked from obscurity to star in a major Hollywood movie franchise who struggles with her new-found fame.
Monica the Medium	Mystery	none	"Monica the Medium" provides a fascinating look at Monica, a junior at Penn State navigating friends, family, relationships – and the fact that she's a medium and can talk to dead people. Her uncommon vocation provides an endless supply of emotional and engaging stories, with a unique millennial perspective.
Shadowhunters	Action	8.0	Shadowhunters is a small screen version of The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones that was a movie in 2013.
Still the King	Comedy	none	Still The King features Cyrus as Vernon Brown, AKA "Burnin' Vernon," a scandal-ridden washed up one-hit wonder who is kicked out of country music, only to emerge 20 years later as the second best Elvis impersonator in Laughlin, Nevada. After crashing into an old country church outside of Nashville during a drunken bender, he is sentenced to return and perform community service. Along the way, he pretends to be the congregation's new minister and discovers he has a 15-year-old daughter he's never met.
Puberty Blues	Drama	none	A television adaptation of the 1979 Australian novel of the same name. Written by Gabrielle Carey and Kathy Lette, the feminist teen novel chronicles the lives of two 13-year-old girls from Sydney's Sutherland Shire who join the "Greenhill gang" surfers in an attempt to gain popularity.In 1981, the book was made into a film, directed by Bruce Beresford, with the girls' age changed to 16 for censorship reasons.
Love Child	Drama	none	Channel Nine's new drama series Love Child, starring Jessica Marais, Jonathan LaPaglia and Mandy McElhinney; produced in Sydney.It's 1969 in Kings Cross and Joan Miller (Jessica Marais), a smart and sophisticated midwife, returns home from London to take a job at the Kings Cross Hospital and find a new life for herself, at a time when Australia is coming of age and the new generation believes anything is possible.Jonathan LaPaglia plays the charismatic Dr Patrick McNaughton, head of obstetrics at Kings Cross Hospital, and Mandy McElhinney plays Frances Bolton, the tough matron who also controls the running of Stanton House, a home for unwed pregnant young women.Their lives intersect between Kings Cross Hospital, Stanton House and the wild streets of Darlinghurst beyond the hospital walls.The cast also includes Ryan Corr, Ella Scott Lynch, Sophie Hensser, Miranda Tapsell, Gracie Gilbert and Harriet Dyer.In a joint statement, Andy Ryan and Jo Rooney, joint Heads of Drama at the Nine Network, said: "A powerful and uplifting series, Love Child tells the stories of young women and men fighting an unjust system in a world on the brink of change."We are thrilled to join forces again with Playmaker Media to bring Love Child to the Australian audience and showcase a superb cast."David Maher and David Taylor, from Playmaker, describe Love Child as a series with a stellar cast, a gripping story, and all the exuberant music, fashion and attitude of the late 1960s.
Living with the Enemy	Family	none	Lifetime pushes social boundaries in the all-new docuseries, "Living with the Enemy" (#LWTE). The entertaining, outrageous and daring experiment features families of opposing values living in each other's homes to see if they can change one another's views by exploring the fault lines of social cohesion in the United States. In each one-hour episode, a different hot topic currently dividing public opinion will be explored. Two families must defend their opinions and beliefs when forced to live and work with the people whose lifestyles contradict their own. Each participant will spend four days in the enemy's house, learning the way their hosts choose to live their lives and the principles and ethics they so strongly uphold. Views will be tested, beliefs challenged and patience pushed to the limit during their visit. By the end, each side will have made their point through a series of immersive situations - and hopefully, discover a greater understanding of one another.
Not Exactly News	Comedy	none	MTV2's comedic news team turns anything from the Internet into a funny local news story. The series stars anchors Matthew Broussard and Damien Lemon, with social media star Julia Kelly and comic Dave Ebert. Stunts, animal videos, pranks and epic fails … it's not exactly news, but we're pretending it is. The series features the wildest clips in sports, weather, breaking stories and on the scene reporting.
Star Trek Continues	Action	9.0	Star Trek Continues is a fan-created science fiction series set in the Star Trek universe produced by Trek Continues Inc., Far From Home, and Dracogen. The series is an unofficial direct continuation of the third and last season of Star Trek: The Original Series, whose visual and storytelling features have been reproduced to recreate the same look-and-feel.As with all such Star Trek fan productions, use of copyrighted and trademarked properties from the original series was allowed so long as the production is not-for-profit. Part of the funds necessary to produce the episodes were raised through a successful Kickstarter campaign, to which almost three thousand backers contributed.Star Trek Continues won a Geekie Award for "Best Web Series" in 2014 and has been very positively received by the critics, who praised the quality of the production, stating that the series has set a new standard for Star Trek fan productions.
Marvel's Luke Cage	Action	8.0	Born and raised in Harlem, Carl Lucas spent his youth in a gang called the Bloods. With his friend Willis Stryker, he fought the rival gang the Diablos and committed petty thefts, often on behalf of deformed crimelord Sonny Caputo, a.k.a. Hammer. In and out of juvenile homes throughout his teens, Lucas dreamed of becoming a major New York racketeer until he finally realized how his actions were hurting his family; he sought to better himself as an adult, finding legitimate employment. Meanwhile, Stryker rose through the ranks of crime, but the two men remained friends. When Stryker's activities angered the Maggia (a.k.a. the Syndicate), he was badly beaten in a mob hit, saved only by Lucas's intervention. When Stryker's girlfriend, Reva Connors, broke up with him in fear of his violent work, she sought solace from Lucas. Convinced that Lucas was responsible for the breakup, Stryker planted heroin in Lucas's apartment (that he stole from drug kingpin Cornell Cottonmouth) and tipped off the police. Lucas was arrested and sent to prison; contact with his family was sparse due to the resentment of his brother James, Jr., who intercepted Lucas's letters to their father James and eventually led each to believe the other was dead.In prison, Lucas was consumed by rage over Stryker's betrayal and his father's supposed death, engaging in frequent brawls and escape attempts. Eventually transferred to Seagate Prison off the coast of Georgia, he became the favorite target of sadistic guard Albert "Billy Bob" Rackham, whose brutality ultimately led to a demotion that he blamed on Lucas. Later, research scientist Dr. Noah Burstein recruited Lucas as a volunteer for experimental cell regeneration based on a variant of the Super-Soldier process he had previously used to empower Warhawk. Burstein immersed Lucas in an electrical field conducted by an organic chemical compound; when he left Lucas unattended, Rackham misused the experiment's controls, hoping to maim or kill Lucas. Lucas's treatment was accelerated past its intent, inducing body-wide enhancement that gave him superhuman strength and durability. He used his new power to escape Seagate and made his way back to New York, where a chance encounter with criminals inspired him to use his new powers for profit.Adopting the alias "Luke Cage" and donning a distinctive costume, he launched a career as a Hero for Hire, helping anyone who could meet his price. He soon established an office in Times Square's Gem Theater, where he befriended film student D.W. Griffith. Burstein, aware of his friend's innocence, also relocated to New York and opened a medical clinic, assisted by Dr. Claire Temple, whom Cage began dating. Although Cage would have been content to battle strictly conventional criminals, he soon learned that New York was hardly the place to do so. Stryker himself had become a Maggia agent as Diamondback and died battling Cage. Subsequent opponents included Gideon Mace, an embittered veteran seeking a U.S. takeover who would become a frequent foe; Chemistro (Curtis Carr), whose Alchemy Gun would be a weapon later used by others, including his own brother after Curtis reformed; and Discus, Stiletto, Shades, and Commanche, all criminals with ties to Cage's prison days who would face him repeatedly over the years.
Marvel's Iron Fist	Drama	none	Daniel Rand is the son of Wendell Rand, who had, as a youth, visited the mystic city of K'un-Lun, which materialized in the Himalayas once a decade; founded roughly a million years ago by extraterrestrials, K'un-Lun was co-ruled by the aliens' descendants and powerful beings called the Dragon Kings, who were themselves subject to the godlike sorcerer Master Khan. Rand had saved the life of K'un-Lun's ruler Lord Tuan, who adopted Rand as his heir, to the resentment of Tuan's son, Yu-Ti. During his time in K'un-Lun, Rand married a woman named Shakari and fathered a daughter, Miranda Rand-K'ai. At some point, Rand won ritual combat against Davos, son of K'un-Lun's greatest warrior, Lei Kung the Thunderer, which entitled him to claim the power of Shou-Lao the Undying, a man transformed into a mystic serpent over a thousand years ago by the Dragon King Chiantang; however, although great K'un-Lun warriors had periodically wielded Shou-Lao's power as the Iron Fist, Rand declined the power. Ten years after coming to K'un-Lun, Rand was showing Shakari the restored nexus when Yu-Ti's men attacked them. Shakari was slain, and the grief-stricken Rand returned to Earth. Within a year, he became a successful businessman and married Heather Duncan. In his absence, Lord Tuan died and became ruler of Feng-Tu, abode of K'un-Lun's departed spirits, leaving Yu-Ti to rule K'un-Lun, while Lei Kung, shamed by Davos' defeat, banished his son to Earth.When Daniel Rand was nine, at roughly the time K'un-Lun was scheduled to materialize, his father decided to bring him and Heather to K'un-Lun. Accompanied by Rand's business partner Harold Meachum, they traveled to the Himalayas, but Wendell fell from a mountain ledge; clutching the edge, he called to Meachum for help, but Meachum, hoping to control Rand's business shares, caused Wendell to plunge to his death. Shortly afterward, Heather sacrificed her life to protect Daniel from a wolf pack, and her spirit ascended to Feng-Tu. The denizens of K'un-Lun found Daniel and took him in, while a frostbite-crippled Meachum learned of Daniel's survival and spent the next decade preparing elaborate defenses against future attack.
Marvel's The Defenders	Drama	none	„The Defenders" will feature the famous Marvel heroes Daredevil, Jessica Jones, Iron Fist and Luke Cage as a legendary superhero-team in New York City.
Hunters	Action	none	Hunters, based on Whitley Strieber's best-selling novel Alien Hunter, the disappearance of a decorated Philadelphia cop's wife leads him to a secret government unit assembled to hunt a group of ruthless terrorists - shadowy figures that may or may not be from this world.
Recovery Road	Drama	none	Maddie (Jessica Sula) is a high school party girl who doesn't think she has a problem until she's confronted one day by her guidance counselor and is forced to choose between expulsion and a recovering facility. Maddie makes the difficult decision to live with other recovering addicts at "Recovery Road", while facing the daily pressures of her teenage life.
Oorlogswinter	Drama	none	Oorlogswinter plays during the winter of 1944-1945 and ends with the liberation of the north of the Netherlands in May 1945. The protagonist is a 15-year old boy who has to deal with difficult choices imposed upon him when he more or less by accident saves a downed British pilot from capture by the Germans. This act entails grave risks for his family and other innocent civilians, betrayal looms, but not everything is always what it seems. It is only after the liberation that all pieces of the puzzle fall into place.
Victorious	Comedy	none	Chaos is coming to Tori Vega's life. The 16 year old is starting at a new high school; but not just any school. This is Hollywood Arts, a performing arts school where crazy talented students learn how to become real artists.. Until now, Tori didn't think she had much talent of her own, and was content to live in the shadow of her older sister, Trina. Now, that's all about to change... if Tori can see herself in a new light, even a spotlight! But Hollywood Arts is still a high school, and Tori is still the new kid. She'll have to find new friends, do homework, and just try to fit in. Will Tori grab a starring role in her new life?
Shake It Up	Comedy	none	Cece and Rocky land their dream jobs as background dancers on the most popular teen dance.
The Suite Life on Deck	Comedy	none	The nautical new series finds Zack and Cody aboard the S.S. Tipton, a luxury passenger cruise liner owned by London's father. The ship cruises the world with tourists and students who attend classes at Seven Seas High, the one high school that London's dad thinks will make his daughter a better student. While out at sea, Zack and Cody still have their compass pointed towards mischief, and London learns to live a "fabu-less" lifestyle, including sharing a small room with Bailey, a country girl from Kansas.
The Syndicate	Drama	none	A drama exploring how winning the lottery transforms the lives of ordinary people.
Win, Lose or Draw	Family	none	Win, Lose or Draw is an American television game show that aired from 1987 to 1990 in syndication and on NBC. It was taped at CBS Television City, often in Studios 31, 33, and 43 at various times.[3] It was co-produced by Burt & Bert Productions (headed by Burt Reynolds and Bert Convy, the original host of the syndicated version) and Kline & Friends for Disney's Buena Vista Television. It has also had two versions on The Disney Channel: Teen Win, Lose or Draw from 1989–92, and a revived version known as Disney's Win, Lose or Draw which premiered in 2014.The set for the original Win, Lose or Draw was modeled after Burt Reynolds' living room.
Wheel of Fortune	Family	none	With more than 30 million viewers per week, WHEEL OF FORTUNE has been the #1 syndicated game show since its inception. It has earned six Daytime Emmy Awards, including the 2011 Emmy for Outstanding Game/Audience Participation Show. The series continues to attract a larger audience than many Primetime TV shows.
Cory in the House	Comedy	none	Laugh out loud at Cory's madcap adventures in four of your favorite episodes -- plus, the ALL-STAR EDITION DVD includes exclusive behind-the-scenes interviews with the star and celebrity guests Raven and The Rock ("Never The Dwayne Shall Meet")! When Cory's dad gets a job as personal chef to the president of the United States, the Baxter boys move into the White House and take over. It doesn't take long before Cory is cooking up new schemes that get him into outrageously funny situations with the high-powered Washington, D.C., elite. Just when you think things can't get any more mixed up, Cory is sneaking on to Air Force One, making presentations incognito and doing everything he can to impress celebrity houseguests Raven, Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson and more! Get ready to laugh, it's Cory time!
Heartland	Drama	none	Heartland stars Treat Williams (Everwood, Brothers & Sisters) as Nathaniel Grant, an intense, overworked organ transplant surgeon who battles the clock to save lives in the high-stakes world of transplant surgery. Dr. Grant's devotion to his work takes a toll on his relationships, including the one with his ex-wife, played by Kari Matchett (Invasion), who works at the same hospital as the organ-recovery coordinator. The two must work past their personal clashes in order to save lives.
BattleBots	Drama	none	BattleBots promises to wow viewers with next generation robots—bigger, faster and stronger than ever before. The show will focus on the design and build of each robot, the bot builder backstories, their intense pursuit of the championship and the spectacle of the event.Starring: Chris Rose | Kenny Florian | Molly McGrath | Alison Haislip | Bobak Ferdowsi | Faruq Tauheed | Fon Davis | Jessica Chobot | Leland Melvin
Cracked	Drama	8.3	CRACKED is a unique blend of a police and medical drama inspired by the real-life experiences of police officers and mental-health professionals. The hour-long series is a bold depiction of the psychological side of policing and the emotional impact on front-line workers. It's a fascinating yet affectionate exploration of all dimensions of human behavior.The series reflects the reality that an overwhelming percentage of police calls involve people with mental illnesses or psychiatric disorders - people who cross all ages, incomes and ethnicities. The Psych Crimes Unit struggles to achieve balance between protecting the public from harm and protecting the dignity of all citizens ¬often at the expense of their own mental health.
Sonny with a Chance	Comedy	none	Sonny, a talented Midwestern girl, has won a nationwide talent search to move to Los Angeles and star in a popular television series. Sonny's home and work life is documented along with her adjustment to life in the spotlight.
Lucky Louie	Comedy	7.5	They've been a staple of the commercial networks since "The Honeymooners," but there's never been a sitcom quite like this before. HBO breaks new ground with "Lucky Louie," a fresh, funny, and very adult comedy that looks at the challenges of marriage and family through the story of a young couple who are just barely getting by. Emmy®-winner Louis C.K. stars as Louie, a part-time mechanic at a muffler shop who spends most of his time at home taking care of his four-year-old daughter Lucy. His wife, Kim, the real breadwinner of the family, works as a full-time nurse. This untraditional arrangement can be tricky at times, but they always stick it out, because somewhere underneath all the muck they love each other... plus, they have no choice. Kim and Louie's best friends are Mike and Tina, a married couple with an enviably simple life (Mike brings home the bacon, Tina in turn has sex with him) and a bunch of kids from their current and previous marriages. Across the hall are an African-American couple, Walter and Ellen, and their daughter Lisa, a family with whom Louie awkwardly tries to cultivate a friendship. Also living in the building is Kim's eccentric brother Jerry, who has a blurry past and is in constant need of direction (and food). There's also Louie's friend Rich, who lives with his mother and earns a living through shady means. Filmed before a live audience, a first for HBO "Lucky Louie" is also the network's first multi-camera situation comedy.
Ben and Kate	Comedy	none	Exuberant dreamer BEN FOX (Nat Faxon) returns to his hometown and reunites with his younger sister KATE (Dakota Johnson), an overly responsible single mom raising her five-year-old daughter, MADDIE (Maggie Elizabeth Jones). But when he arrives, he finds a sad state of affairs. For the first time in their lives, Kate needs Ben's help, and he's determined to bring some much-needed chaos into her stable world.
Kojak	Drama	8.5	Set in New York City's 13th Precinct. It revolves around the efforts of the incorruptible, but not adverse to bending the rules when it's needed, Lt.Theo Kojak (Telly Savalas), a tough, bald cop who was fond of using the catchphrase, "Who loves ya, baby?" and had given up smoking and had taken to lollipops instead and these became his trademark.
Celebrity Family Feud	Family	none	Host Steve Harvey, the highly popular and Emmy Award-winning talk show host, will present this ALL NEW EDITION of Celebrity Family Feud that will pit celebrities against each other in a contest to name the most popular responses to a survey-type question posed to 100 people. In each episode, two celebrity families and their immediate family members or their extended TV families, will compete against each other to win money for their favorite charity. Each team will be made up of a celebrity captain with four relatives or friends playing along. The winning celebrity team will be given a chance to win up to $25,000 to donate to a charity of their choice.
1915	Drama	none	Brimming with national pride, friends Billy Mackenzie (Scott Burgess) and Walter Gilchrist (Scott McGregor) enlist in the Aussie army to serve their country during World War I in this seven-part miniseries. But combat's grim realities soon burst their patriotic bubble as they endure the onslaught of enemy gunfire, endless bloodshed and trench warfare's horror. The superb supporting cast includes Lorraine Bayly, Bill Hunter and Sigrid Thornton.
Hostages	Drama	none	Yael is a surgeon at hospital, scheduled to surgery the Prime Minister of Israel. things start to be complicated when the hijackers take over the house, and require her to kill the Prime Minister and threatening to eliminate her family if she did not comply with their demands. Did she going to do the right thing?
Taxi	Comedy	10.0	The classic sitcom that zeros in on a group of New York City cab drivers. Lording over Alex (Judd Hirsch), Bobby (Jeff Conway), Elaine (Marilu Henner), Tony (Tony Danza), John (Randall Carver), and Latka (Andy Kaufman) is the one and only Louie De Palma (Danny DeVito). The snide and surly taxi dispatcher, from the safety of his dispatcher's cage, barks orders, hurls insults, and mercilessly berates the diverse and eccentric characters who drive for him. Along the way, they form a special bond, becoming friends and helping each other navigate the sometimes crazy road called life.
The Guardian	Drama	none	Nick Fallin is a hotshot lawyer working at his father's ultra successful Pittsburgh law firm. Unfortunately, the high life has gotten the best of Nick. Arrested for drug use, he's sentenced to do 1,500 hours of community service, somehow to be squeezed into his 24/7 cutthroat world of mergers, acquisitions and board meetings. Reluctantly, he's now The Guardian - a part-time child advocate at Legal Aid Services, where one case after another is an eye-opening instance of kids caught up in difficult circumstances.
Undeclared	Comedy	none	From Judd Apatow, Producer of Freaks And Geeks and Staring Jay Baruchel (Million Dollar Baby ), Seth Rogan (Knocked Up) & Charlie Hunnam ( Children Of Men). Experience college life as seen through the eyes of Steven Karp a freshman determined to reinvent himself at a new school. Faced with dilemmas as miserable as being "sexiled" to the rec room while roommates use the bedroom and as dire as confronting a girlfriend s jealous stalker-ex-boyfriend Steven and his new friends tackle the challenges of higher education.
Xtreme Waterparks	Action	none	From the world's tallest slide in Rio de Janeiro to a high-speed gravity-defying water ride in Orlando, Fla., "Xtreme Waterparks" showcases attractions that thrill even the biggest adrenaline junkies. Each episode features four crazy, over-the-top and fabulous water slides -- three in the United States and one at an international location -- highlight other great attractions around the world, and introduce extreme thrill seekers who dare to take the plunge.
Flipping Baltimore	Drama	none	"The Amazing Race's" Charla Faddoul may be small but her strength and determination is larger than life. Being brought up in an immigrant family, Charla is truly living and breathing the American dream by raising a family of her own and making real estate deals left and right. In this episode, we follow Charla, a real estate and investment mogul hailing from Baltimore, as she partners with investor and friend Marcus from Rehabber Pro to flip a house in 30 days. Charla has taken a new assistant under her wing and tests out his design skills, along with the strength of his back that she uses to climb on to see into the window of an abandoned building and possible investment opportunity. With mounting costs, a broken A/C unit, and towering trees looming over this flip house, will little person Charla be able to recoup her investment, turn a profit, and move on to her next big deal?
Sex Slaves	Drama	none	On the streets of Chicago and all across America, the business of sex for sale is booming.
Gomorrah	Drama	9.0	A 12-episode long trip dwelving into the Savastano family affairs, an outstanding depiction of a world where you never know if the next morning is going to come and find you alive.
The First 48: Deadly Sexual Encounters	Drama	none	THE FIRST 48: DEADLY SEXUAL ENCOUNTERS features updates on cases from THE FIRST 48, including all-new interviews with the detectives involved with the case.
Colditz	Drama	none	This is the story of a British prisoner of war in World War II who escapes to Britain, where he works for the secret service and falls in love with the girlfriend of another prisoner who failed to escape and was transferred to the prisoner-of-war camp at Colditz.
Another Period	Comedy	7.0	Before others claimed their fame, there was one American family that stood for all that was spoiled, shameless and stupid. Meet the Bellacourts - Newport, RI's first family of the Gilded Age. They are The Original Ballers. They have tons of money, live in a big-ass mansion and employ a whole team of Fonzworth Bentleys. However, the Bellacourts' servants have to do a lot more than hold umbrellas. The original out of touch reality family is coming to Comedy Central in "Another Period," a turn-of-the-century historical and satirical scripted series that follows the insanely ridiculous and debaucherous life of the Bellacourts, who have more servants than relatives and whose days are filled with money, sex, drugs and more money. "Another Period" centers on the Bellacourt sisters, Lillian (Natasha Leggero) and Beatrice (Riki Lindhome), who only care about being rich and becoming super famous (which is a lot harder in 1902).
Best Time Ever with Neil Patrick Harris	Music	none	Five Emmy Awards and a Tony Award make multi-talented Neil Patrick Harris the perfect star for this live one-hour show that is unlike any other currently on American television. Complete with stunts, skits, pranks, audience interaction, musical numbers, giveaways and unlimited surprises, this show proves that anything can happen, and it can happen to you. Based on the wildly popular British hit "Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway," the modernized variety show format and its fearless, multi-talented star will make for one of the best nights ever on TV week after week.
The Player	Drama	9.0	From the executive producers of "The Blacklist" comes the action-packed Las Vegas-set thriller "The Player".  The series co-stars Wesley Snipes as a pit boss and Charity Wakefield as the dealer for a high-stakes game where an organization of wealthy individuals gamble on the ability of former military operative turned security expert Philip Winchester ("Strike Back," "Fringe") to stop some of the biggest crimes imaginable from playing out. Can he take them down from the inside and get revenge for the death of his wife, or is it true what they say: The house always wins.
Truth Be Told	Comedy	none	If you can think it, they will say it. From the producer of "Ride Along" and the director of "How I Met Your Mother" comes this unabashed new comedy about two diverse couples, who are both neighbors and best friends. As they go through life side by side, they can't help but analyze and obsess about EVERYTHING. From topics like sex and race, to the fact that the trusted new babysitter might just be a porn star, nothing is out of bounds for this wildly outspoken foursome.
Chicago Med	Drama	9.0	"An emotional thrill ride through the day-to-day chaos of the city's most explosive hospital and the courageous team of doctors who hold it together. This is one of those days."Emmy Award-winning executive producer Dick Wolf delivers "Chicago Med" - the newest installment of the compelling "Chicago" franchise - an emotional thrill ride through the day-to-day chaos of the city's newest state-of-the-art trauma center and into the lives of the courageous doctors, nurses and staff who hold it all together.Bold and ever-capable E.R. attending physician Dr. Connor Rhodes (Colin Donnell) is the newest doctor on staff at Chicago Med. Dr. Will Halstead (Nick Gehlfuss) is an Ivy League-trained trauma surgeon and brother of CPD's Det. Jay Halstead (Jesse Lee Soffer). Halstead practiced medicine in New York for 10 years before returning to his Windy City roots and is the epitome of reliability, both in and out of the hospital. Dr. Daniel Charles (Oliver Platt), Med's Chief of Psychiatry, possesses remarkable insight into his patients and is off-the-charts intelligent in all subjects but his own personal life. Sharon Goodwin (S. Epatha Merkerson), the venerable head of Chicago Med, expects the very best from her people as she balances the tremendous pressures of running the city's largest hospital, and always with a sense of humanity that allows her doctors to provide the very best care possible.Dr. Natalie Manning (Torrey DeVitto) specializes in emergency pediatric medicine and is completely focused and dedicated to her patients, despite being in the third trimester of her pregnancy. Dr. Ethan Choi (Brian Tee) found his calling in medicine while serving as a Navy flight surgeon. Currently on away rotation, he is a tireless yet impulsive doctor who is well-versed in infectious diseases. First-year intern Dr. Sarah Reese (Rachel DiPillo) is a super proficient overachiever who has never struggled at anything, but who may soon find that, for the first time, she's in over her head. April Sexton (Yaya DaCosta) is a smart, bold and intuitive ER nurse who is the lifeblood of the emergency room. She loves the action inside the hospital and is as loyal as they come. Marlyne Barrett will play Maggie, a multi-tasking force of nature, a battle-ax with wit and sass.Together, they will confront Chicago's most critical medical cases and challenging ethical dilemmas with courage, compassion and state-of-the-art treatment. Inspired by ripped-from-the-headlines cases, "Chicago Med" will weave cutting-edge medicine with the personal drama that comes with working in such a high-intensity environment. Through it all, familiar faces from "Chicago Fire" and "Chicago P.D." will intertwine with Chicago's newest medical heroes.Dick Wolf, Andrew Schneider, Diane Frolov, Matt Olmstead, Michael Brandt, Derek Haas, Danielle Gelber, Arthur Forney and Peter Jankowski are executive producers."Chicago Med" is produced by Universal Television and Wolf Films.
Residue	Horror	6.3	An unnamed UK metropolis. The future. Photojournalist Jennifer Preston is investigating the aftermath of a freak explosion known as 'the Catastrophe' that ripped through the city on New Year's Eve. A sprawling, militarized Quarantine Zone has been erected around the blast site; nobody goes in and nobody comes out.As unexplained acts of violence erupt across the city, Jennifer begins to notice strange, ephemeral phantoms in her photographs and her investigation becomes a race against time. Can she discover the cause of the Catastrophe before the dangerous and powerful conspirators orchestrating events get to her and those closest to her?
The Politician's Husband	Drama	none	A drama about the shifting power in a marriage when the personal and political collide.
Long Way Round	Adventure	none	Setting off from London, Ewan and Charley travel through some of the most beautiful, but often dangerous, terrain the world has to offer. Crossing over into mainland Europe, they travelled through France, Belgium, Germany, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Ukraine, Russia, Kazakhstan, Mongolia, Siberia, Alaska, Canada and three months later they arrived at their final destination, New York City USA!
Player Gets Played	Drama	none	Each episode of Player Gets Played follows one woman with a lurking suspicion as she uncovers the heartbreaking reality that she is not the only love in her boyfriend's life. After discovering the truth with the help of social media and friends, the ladies join together without letting the "player" in on their plan and plot a surprising reveal designed to teach him a lesson.
I Escaped My Killer	Drama	none	"I Escaped My Killer" tells the true stories of women who were abducted by serial killers, and somehow made it out of their grasp...not only with their own lives but also with the information needed to break the case, save other lives and bring a monster to justice. A true hybrid of storytelling, half the episode is the harrowing, blow-by-blow tale of one woman's struggle for survival against the ultimate evil; the other half is the story of a killer on the loose and the detectives who doggedly work to track him down and stop his reign of terror. Artfully woven together, the two stories finally merge into one in the final act[s] when the stories naturally come together. Each woman who escapes and survives is the key to solving the entire case, the break that investigators have been waiting for. This new format sets the series apart from other survival shows that only follow a single point of view. Our format will show the broader picture from the investigators' whodunit point of view as well as the intimate story of one woman fighting for survival and for justice.
Greg the Bunny	Comedy	none	Can puppets and humans live side by side? In the world of Greg the Bunny, they can. Set in Hollywood, land of movie stars and struggling actors of all fabrics, Greg the Bunny (Dan Milano), a squeaky-voiced rabbit puppet, longs to live the high life -- one where he's got a job or something. Greg's best friend and roommate, Jimmy Bender (Seth Green), is a slacker -- not to mention a human. Jimmy's father, Gil (Eugene Levy), is the blunt and perpetually nervous executive producer/director of the low-budget (and low-rated) children's show, Sweetknuckle Junction. A cross between Sesame Street and Mister Rogers' Neighborhood, Sweetknuckle mixes the fun of trains with the joy of letters and numbers, and is brought to you by the human co-stars, Junction Jack (Bob Gunton), the conductor, and Dottie Sunshine (Dina Waters), the helper, with funding provided by the puppet co-stars, Professor Ape (Dan Milano), the scholarly monkey, and Count Blah (Drew Massey), the counting vampire. Off-ca
Police Squad!	Comedy	10.0	From the creators of Airplane!, the Hot Shots! movies, and Top Secret!, Police Squad! began as the brain-child of Jim Abrahams, David Zucker and Jerry Zucker. The series would later spawn three follow-up movies under the new Naked Gun titles. The series was set up to spoof the Quinn Martin Productions' police dramas of the 1960s and 1970s, hence the use of "In Color" by the narrator. The show's main staple of entertainment came from sight gags (such as a tow truck being a truck in the shape of a big toe) and misunderstandings in dialogue, mostly from people taking things extremely literally. Several great routines came from these misunderstandings that left characters in the scene very confused, but left the audience with loads of humor. Though critically acclaimed, it never did well in the ratings.
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend	Comedy	none	A young woman abandons a choice job at a law firm and her life in New York in an attempt to find love in the unlikely locale of West Covina, California.
Bringing Up Bates	Family	none	Twenty-seven years ago Gil and Kelly Jo Bates tied the knot with no plans to have kids. Fast forward 19 kids later and this tight-knit family, seemingly too good to be true, has a tremendous bond but are far from perfect. As you will see, when you have a house full of 19 children, from ages two to 25, daily chaos is multiplied exponentially, but so are the joyful and poignant moments that life can bring.Led by devoted father Gil (49) and his loving wife Kelly Jo (47), the Bates do everything in bulk while staying true to their values and rules for the family -- which means everyone has chores, little to no TV, only dresses for girls (though pajamas are worn in private), strictly side-hugs until marriage (except for front hugs on special occasions), and more. With a grand total of 19 children ranging in age from two to 25, they are the definition of a "big, happy family." But lately -- as viewers will see -- their simple rural lifestyle in Tennessee is in a flurry of transitions.
Beyond Scared Straight: Back Talk	Drama	none	Beyond Scared Straight: Back Talk features brand-new footage and interviews with the participants involved in original episodes of Beyond Scared Straight. Each episode of Beyond Scared Straight: Back Talk focuses on a different prison program in the United States, following four or five at-risk teens as they attend the program and experience their intensive one-day in-prison session. The program then follows up with them one-month later to see the lasting impressions the program has left on them.
American Takedown	Drama	none	From Executive Producer Morgan Spurlock, the new series AmericanTakedown goes behind the scenes of cases as tactical law-enforcement units work to apprehend America's most dangerous criminals.
Women in Prison	Drama	none	Women in Prison is a new hour-long, three-episode docu-series. Indiana Women's Prison houses 600 inmates with maximum security and is the backdrop for this cast of surprisingly relatable and bold characters. A real-life version of "Orange Is the New Black," the program explores the lives of women who, often after one tragic misstep, end up on the wrong side of the law. Featuring profiles on a suburban soccer mom, a high school art teacher and a Preacher's daughter, these unlikely convicts confess to their shocking crimes and reveal how they've learned to survive in this hostile, alien environment.This genre-breaking format features two women in each episode and mixes the reality of prison life with dramatic recreations of how each of the characters ended up behind bars. As viewers get to know these women, they will be desperate to learn what crimes each committed, culminating in a shocking revelation at the very end of each episode.
Best Friends Whenever	Comedy	none	During a school science class experiment, students Cyd and Shelby become unstuck in time, and end up bouncing back and forth between the past and the future.
Star Wars: Droid Tales	Action	none	If you've played with the countless Lego Star Warssets, watched one of the Lego Star Wars animated television specials or sat down with one of the many Lego Star Wars videogames, you know that the company that makes plastic building blocks and the film studio responsible for a franchise's worth of space operas, are a match made in lightsaber-wielding heaven. The sensibilities just mesh in a way that produces wonderfully spirited, irreverent entertainment. But nothing could prepare you for the out-and-out fun of the new limited series, Lego Star Wars: Droid Tales, which premieres tonight at 9:30 p.m. on Disney XD. Lego Star Wars: Droid Tales, is a five-episode miniseries that has an ingenious conceit: it's the entire Star Wars saga, told, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead-style, by C3PO (voiced, once more, by Anthony Daniels) and R2D2. The series takes place after the Battle of Endor that ended Star Wars: Return of the Jedi, as C3PO first recounts his adventures after being assembled by a young Anakin Skywalker. This first episode does a really killer job whittling down both Star Wars: The Phantom Menace and Star Wars: Attack of the Clones and even introduces a nifty wraparound narrative wherein C3PO and Admiral Akbar team up to track down his missing spaceship (just go with it).
Depois do Adeus	Drama	none	Com cada episódio a começar por um acontecimento relevante da época (do foro político ou social), recorrendo a imagens de arquivo da RTP, "Depois do Adeus" conta a história de uma época refletida nas "estórias" de uma família que, de repente, se vê estrangeira no seu próprio país. Este é o retrato da família Mendonça, desde o dia em que "retorna" a um mundo onde nunca esteve e que nunca foi o seu, até encontrar o seu lugar; bem como o retrato de um novo Portugal que, tal como os Mendonça, tem de largar o passado e viver o futuro.
Angel From Hell	Comedy	none	When Amy enters Allison's life and claims to be her guardian angel, they form an unlikely friendship and Allison can't be sure if Amy is an angel or just nuts.
Code Black	Drama	none	In the new medical drama Code Black, Angels Memorial Hospital is the busiest ER in the nation. A "code black" occurs when there are more patients than resources, and you're either praying for a miracle or performing one.
The Grinder	Comedy	8.0	"THE GRINDER" follows a famous TV lawyer who, after his hit series, "The Grinder," is canceled, moves back home and joins his brother at their family's real-life law firm - despite having no formal education, no bar certification, no license to practice and no experience in an actual courtroom.
The Crimson Field	Drama	none	This series follows a team of doctors, nurses, and female volunteers working in a front-line tented field hospital during the First World War. It's a daily battle to keep the soldiers well enough to fight. Low staff numbers cause the hospital to become more and more dependent upon its female volunteers, though some people see these women as more of a threat than anything else.
The Night Manager	Drama	none	The Ink Factory and AMC today announced a co-production partnership for the television adaptation of John le Carré's novel The Night Manager. Multiple Emmy nominee Hugh Laurie (House) and Tom Hiddleston (The Avengers, War Horse, Midnight in Paris) will star in the mini-series, which is set to begin filming in spring 2015. Susanne Bier, who won an Academy Award for In a Better World, will direct.A contemporary interpretation of le Carré's espionage drama – and the first television adaptation of a le Carré novel in more than 20 years – The Night Manager mini-series will bring together love, loss and revenge in a complex story of modern criminality. The eagerly anticipated series follows former British soldier Jonathan Pine (Hiddleston) as he navigates the shadowy recesses of Whitehall and Washington where an unholy alliance operates between the intelligence community and the secret arms trade. To infiltrate the inner circle of lethal arms dealer Richard Onslow Roper (Laurie), Pine must himself become a criminal."The Night Manager is truly the whole package. It's a terrific piece of source material, great producers in The Ink Factory, a phenomenal writer in David Farr, an award-winning director in Susanne Bier and two incredibly talented actors," said Joel Stillerman, AMC's executive vice president of programming, production and digital content. "Beyond that, it represents AMC's continuing commitment to finding creative ways to work with the international community to bring the best television to our network – an initiative we have ramped up very quickly that has already resulted in multiple high-quality projects for our air. We're thrilled to be in business with the BBC and the fantastic Night Manager team.
The Vanilla Ice Project	Family	none	Vanilla Ice is back to tackle his toughest Florida flip ever. The pop icon and knock-out home renovator has taken his biggest risk yet, investing in a high-dollar lakefront dump in need of a top-to-bottom transformation. That means ripping rooms to the studs, adding a new pool, a boat dock with a tiki hut and state-of-the-art technology all around. Will his champagne taste end up costing him a profit? Or can he and his crew flip this tacky mess and still come out on top?
The Outer Limits	Drama	10.0	There is nothing wrong with your television. Do not attempt to adjust the picture. Like the classic 1960's series of the same name, each episode is an imaginative exploration of humanity's greatest hopes and darkest fears and include special guest appearances by Alyssa Milano, Ryan Reynolds, Rae Dawn Chong, Beau Bridges, Rebecca De Mornay and Robert Patrick. Winner of the Cable Ace Award for best Dramatic Series, this Emmy® nominated show deals with the consequences of such controversial and thought-provoking topics as genetic manipulation, alien visitation and life after death.
Beach Flip	DIY	none	"Beach Flip" is a new series where four teams hit the sandy beaches of Gulf Shores, Alabama to battle it out in an epic renovation competition. Hosts Nicole Curtis, Josh Temple and David Bromstad mentor four teams as they transform beachfront bungalows in need of a major makeover. The teams compete weekly to win a cash advantage until their properties are completely transformed from top to bottom. The team who delivers the highest increase in value on their beach bungalow will win $50,000.
Into The Badlands	Action	none	"Into the Badlands" is a genre-bending martial arts series very loosely based on the classic Chinese tale "Journey to the West." In a land controlled by feudal barons, Into the Badlands tells the story of a great warrior and a young boy who embark on a journey across a dangerous land to find enlightenment.
Doubt	Drama	none	"Doubt" centers on a smart, chic, successful defense lawyer at a boutique firm who shockingly gets involved romantically with one of her clients who may or may not be guilty of a brutal crime.
Desean Jackson: Home Team	Drama	none	"Desean Jackson: Home Team" (formally known as The DeSean Jackson Project) is a docu-series that follows the life of NFL player, music artist, film producer, fashion label owner, music producer and label owner DeSean Jackson. Washington Redskins' wide receiver DeSean Jackson is literally at the top of his game as one of the most talked about and watched players in the NFL today. While being watched is a great thing, it means eyes are always on him– waiting for him to score touchdowns and waiting for him to drop the ball off the field. Even though he has the money and the fame, DeSean depends on the guidance of a core group of women including his "momager" Gayle, his sister and assistant A'Dreea, his publicist and his new girlfriend, Kayla.
Holocaust	Drama	8.0	This groundbreaking miniseries explores a decade in the lives of the members of an extended Jewish family and a German lawyer who becomes a Nazi officer. As the horrific events of the holocaust unfold, all will face unthinkable decisions and fates. Featuring a superb cast that includes Meryl Streep, James Woods, Ian Holm, Michael Moriarty, Joseph Bottoms, Tovah Feldshuh and Sam Wanamaker, the 1978 production won eight Emmys and two Golden Globes.
Rose Red	Horror	9.0	Dr. Joyce Reardon assembles a team of paranormal talents to investigate an allegedly haunted mansion known as Rose Red in this mini-series written by Stephen King. Can the team survive the horror that they uncover within the walls of this secretive structure? And how far will Reardon go to get the answers she seeks? Welcome to a place that evil calls home
Shark	Drama	8.0	Sebastian Stark, a charismatic, supremely self-confident defense attorney who, after a shocking outcome in one of his cases and a personal epiphany, brings his cutthroat tactics to the prosecutor's office as the head of the Los Angeles District Attorney's High Profile Crime Unit. A group of young prosecutors are about to have the learning experience of a lifetime because, though Stark is seeking to redeem himself, he has no intention of cooling his underhanded approach to cases just because he's now working for the "good guys."
3AM	Adult	none	While most respectable folks are tucked in at home, the bolder and braver outlaw set are out defying the norms of acceptable and conventional behavior in a search for love, sex, fame, and notoriety that can only come as the clock strikes 3.
Spy	Crime	none	The series follows a group of real-life volunteers as they are trained by former spies in espionage techniques, including maintaining a false identity, surveillance, persuasion and recruitment. The programme's psychological challenges, dramatic tension, high production values, and personable cast led to its being called 'the most addictive thing on TV at the moment' by The Daily Telegraph.
Labyrinth	Drama	none	Labyrinth is a British miniseries based on the 2005 novel of the same name by author Kate Mosse. The mini-series establishes a connection between Alice Tanner, a post-graduate student in 2012, and a teenage girl, Alais, who is present at Carcassone during the Crusader assault in 1209. In the past, Alais, is chosen to protect the Three Books of the Grail, which hold the secret to immortality. In the present, Alice is drawn into a search for the books by individuals who will stop at nothing to achieve their goals.A German-South African co-production, the two-part series was filmed on-location in the medieval town of Carcassonne in southwest France and Cape Town, South Africa.
Miranda	Comedy	none	Sitcom starring Miranda Hart. It doesn't matter what Miranda attempts in life, whether it's dating or simply dealing with her overbearing mother, she always seems to fall flat, quite literally.
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell	Drama	8.3	Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell is set during the Napoleonic Wars in an England where magic once existed and is about to return. So begins a dangerous battle between two great men. Eddie Marsan (Ray Donovan, The World's End), Olivier award-winning Bertie Carvel (Restless, Matilda), Charlotte Riley (Wuthering Heights, Easy Virtue), and Alice Englert (Ginger & Rosa, Beautiful Creatures) star in the seven-part mini-series, which has been adapted from Susanna Clarke's bestselling novel by Peter Harness (Wallander, Doctor Who) and directed by Toby Haynes (Sherlock, Doctor Who).1806. England is beleaguered by the long war with Napoleon and centuries have passed since practical magicians faded into the nation's past. However, scholars of this glorious history discover that one remains — the reclusive and skillful Mr Norrell (Marsan). His displays of magic soon thrill the nation. In London, he raises the beautiful Lady Pole (Englert) from the dead and summons an army of ghostly ships to terrify the French.Soon the cautious and fussy Norrell is challenged by the emergence of another magician: the brilliant novice Jonathan Strange (Carvel). While trying to secure his beloved Arabella's (Riley) hand in marriage, he meets a vagabond, the magician of Threadneedle Street, Vinculus (Paul Kaye, Game of Thrones, Stella), who tells him he is destined to be a great magician. Young, handsome and daring, Strange is the very antithesis of Norrell. A dangerous battle ensues between the two great men. Their obsessions and secret dabbling's with the dark arts will cause more trouble than they can imagine.
Mr. Sloane	Comedy	7.0	Meet Mr. Sloane: fired, divorced, and about to experience life in a whole new way.
Green Wing	Comedy	none	From the award-winning team behind Smack the Pony comes this quick-fire (and occasionally slow motion) genre-defying comedy, set in a surreal hospital, despite no discernible medical content...
Mysteries at the Monument	Drama	8.0	"Mysteries at the Monument" host and history explorer Don Wildman investigates the world's most impressive - and sometimes obscure - structures, statues and national parks to uncover incredible tales hidden within them.
Rev.	Comedy	none	Sitcom about a former rural parish vicar trying to cope with the varied demands of running an inner-city church. Starring Tom Hollander.
MI High	Action	none	High-school kids, enrolled in spy agency training, go on secret missions assigned by their janitor.
Murderland	Crime	none	Three-part thriller about a young woman's quest to discover the truth about her mother's death 15 years earlier. The story is told from three different perspectives.
A Touch of Cloth	Comedy	none	John Hannah stars as maverick, booze-addled DCI Jack Cloth in Charlie Brooker's original comedy that tickles and twists crime drama cliches.
The Secret of Crickley Hall	Drama	none	Chilling ghost story adapted from James Herbert's novel, telling both the story of the modern day haunting of a troubled family and the dark events buried in their new home's past.
Pride and Prejudice	Drama	none	Re-live the romance and drama of Andrew Davies' lavish adaptation, starring Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle.
Up the Women	Comedy	none	Sitcom following the Banbury Intricate Craft Circle as they join the suffragette movement.
The Work Experience	Comedy	none	Two ambitious interns believe they're working at a new fashion PR agency, but it's all an elaborate set-up in a series that mixes sitcom, mock doc and prank show.
Bleak House	Drama	9.0	From its glittering heights to its very lowest depths; a skilfully crafted thriller; an epic feast of characters and storylines; and a passionate indictment of the legal system that is as searingly relevant today as it was in the mid 19th century.It was first published in 19 monthly installments between March 1852 and September 1853. The TV adaptation, written by the award-winning Andrew Davies, comprised a one-hour opening episode followed by 14 half-hour episodes.It was shown twice weekly, using the pace, multiple storylines and cliff-hanger endings more usually associated with popular drama. The aim was to return Dickens to the broad audience he originally wrote for.It tells the story of the icily beautiful Lady Dedlock (Gillian Anderson), who nurses a dark secret in her past, and the merciless lawyer Tulkinghorn (Charles Dance), who seeks to uncover it.Then there's the generous John Jarndyce (Denis Lawson), struggling with his own past, and his two attractive young wards Richard (Patrick Kennedy) and Ada (Carey Mulligan).Like Lady Dedlock, they're all caught up in the infamous case of Jarndyce vs Jarndyce, which will make one of them rich beyond imagination - if it can ever be brought to a conclusion.
Jane Eyre	Drama	none	Dramatisation of Charlotte Bronte's classic novel.
Quirke	Drama	none	Quirke is a bold, mesmerising drama full of mystery, secrets and intrigue, starring Gabriel Byrne and Michael Gambon.A consultant pathologist in the Dublin city morgue in the 1950s, Quirke is a powerful character more at ease among the cold silent slabs than the company of his fellow men. But in truth, his profession provides his greatest pleasure: inquisitive by nature, he is fascinated with unlocking the secret to these cadavers' deaths.After a body vanishes from his mortuary one night Quirke's curiosity is piqued by the lengths his brother is prepared to go to, to cover up the cause of one young woman's death in childbirth.Based on the novels by John Banville.
The Widower	Drama	none	The Widower is a three-part drama from ITV Studios based on the crimes of convicted murderer, Malcolm Webster, played by Reece Shearsmith (Psychoville, The League of Gentlemen, A Field in England).The Widower tells how, over a 13 year period Malcolm Webster set about poisoning and murdering his first wife, attempting to do the same to his second wife and moving on to a further scheme to deceive his third fiancée.
Twenty Twelve	Comedy	none	"Twenty Twelve" follows the team responsible for delivering the biggest show on earth: the London Olympics. The actors and creators of some of Britain's most iconic comedies come together in this new documentary-style comedy that is not only deliciously topical and wickedly funny but also uncannily close to real life.Starring Hugh Bonneville ("Downton Abbey"), Jessica Hynes ("Spaced"), Olivia Colman ("Peep Show"), Amelia Bullmore ("I'm Alan Partridge"), Vincent Franklin, and Karl Theobald ("Green Wing") and narrated by David Tennant this comedy series takes a close look at the people paddling hard beneath the water to make the Olympics happen in London 2012.They have billions of pounds to spend and plenty of time before the deadline; so what can possibly go wrong? Well, what do you do when the much-vaunted wind turbines won't turn because there's no wind? And how do you cope with athletes who want to help but are just too dull? It's all in a day's work for the men and women whose job it is to stage the greatest sporting event in the world.
One Night	Drama	none	The story of four ordinary people whose fates are linked by a seemingly inconsequential event.
Dragon Ball Super	Action	none	Dragon Ball Super, a brand new television anime inspired by Akira Toriyama's Dragon Ball manga, will premiere on Fuji TV and other channels in July on Sundays at 9:00 a.m. This will be the first new Dragon Ball television series since Dragon Ball GT, which aired from 1996 to 1997.The story of the anime is set a few years after the defeat of Majin Buu, when the Earth has become peaceful once again. The voice of Goku, Gohan, and Goten, Masako Nozawa commented on the new anime, saying, "We've always used the word 'chō' (Super) with Dragon Ball in commercials, games and the like, but the fact that the series titled Dragon Ball Super is beginning is the best thing ever."
Talia in the Kitchen	Comedy	8.0	When 14-year-old Talia visits her grandmother for the summer and starts spending time in her family's restaurant, she discovers she's got a gift. With the help of her special "salt and pepper sense" and her late father's magical spices, Talia can whip up some truly life changing cuisine and cook just what each customer needs. She's making magic in the kitchen!
Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Comedy	7.0	Penn & Teller: Fool Us is hosted by Jonathan Ross. The show offers aspiring magicians from across the United Kingdom the chance to perform their most mystifying trick to fool Penn & Teller. The dou know nothing about he magican about to perform or what trick they are going to perform. They sit in the audience watching every move that is made and if any are able to fool the professionals they are rewarded with a five star trip to Las Vegas to perform as the opening act in Penn & Teller's world famous show at the Rio Hotel & Casino.
Clipped	Comedy	6.0	Clipped centers on a group of barbershop coworkers who all went to high school together but ran in very different crowds. Now they find themselves working together at Buzzy's.
Jake 2.0	Action	9.0	NSA computer technician Jake Foley is transformed into a secret agent after he is accidentally infected with nanobots, based on nanotechnology that reduce the size of a computer to the molecular level, which give him superhuman powers. With his new abilities, he can hack into anything electronic and control it. His medical and emotional state is carefully watched over by Dr. Diane Hughes, who is far too human for her job with the NSA. Struggling in his early tasks with the NSA, Jake must prove himself and yield results or be locked up for "research."
Now and Again	Drama	9.0	A salesman is brought back from the dead by a secret government project. The man's body is inserted into a specially designed superhuman body and he is sent on secret missions for the government to test his abilities. However, he is forbidden to make contact with his old family... a temptation he finds irresistible.
Bloedverwanten	Drama	none	If shareholder Bennie Winter Flowers Winter dies, loses his considerable power to his daughter Esther. Should something happen to her, then her children get everything in your hands.
Bernhard, Scoundrel of Orange	Drama	none	Bernhard - scoundrel of Orange a four part series is about more than the turbulent life of a prince consort. It is a riveting drama about a man who tries to escape from a straightjacket, choose his own path and survive deep crises to find out what true love really means.Within the royal family there is really no contradiction to think there is a more flamboyant figure than Prince Bernhard. Whether it's Greet Hofmans, extramarital affairs and daughters, Lockheed and numerous scandals in his life. At the same time Prince Bernhard is popular figure, considered by many as a war hero to be revered. A man of extremes.In four parts Bernhard tells the story of his life. Not only to the viewer, but also to Princess Máxima. She will soon be Queen alongside Willem-Alexander, a position similar to Bernhard. From their conversations and discussions it shows how they differ, but also how much they are alike. For Máxima is sometimes very challenging.The story takes us from Soestdijk to the German Recke Walde, Berlin, London, Argentina and Canada. It paints a portrait of the world from the thirties of the twentieth century to the early twenty-first century.
The Jim Gaffigan Show	Comedy	1.0	Inspired by Jim Gaffigan's real life, The Jim Gaffigan Show explores one man's struggle to find a balance between fatherhood, stand-up comedy and an insatiable appetite.
I Am Cait	Drama	none	The eight-part, one-hour series will explore what Cait's transition means for the people in her life and how those relationships are affected, while offering a better understanding of many of life's challenges for the trans community.
Atlanta Plastic	Drama	none	Lifetime reveals the changing face of plastic surgery in the new docuseries, "Atlanta Plastic", following three of Atlanta's top African American surgeons and their clients who seek to look their best by going under the knife."Atlanta Plastic" features board-certified physicians Dr. Wright Jones, Dr. Marcus Crawford and Dr. Aisha McKnight-Baron who are at the top of their game. The doctors' patients, both male and female, come from all walks of life and request a variety of procedures from tummy tucks, Brazilian butt lifts and facelifts, to breast augmentation, liposuction and rhinoplasty.
The Comment Section	Comedy	none	This new half-hour comedy series explores the biggest stories of the week and all of the outrageous and hilarious comments made about them on social media. Hosted by comedian Michael Kosta and executive produced by "The Soup's" Joel McHale and K.P. Anderson, "The Comment Section" will boldly dive into the most dangerous corners of the internet, take out the haters, anoint the heroes and generate an all new brand of laughs from the biggest pop culture stories of the week.
CopStories	Crime	10.0	Ob bei den Nachbarn die Fetzen fliegen, der beste Freund Opfer eines Verbrechens wird oder ein Drogenhändler sein Unwesen treibt – die Polizei sorgt für Recht und Ordnung. Aber: Cops sind auch nur Menschen! Und genau um diesen mehr oder weniger normalen Polizeialltag mit allem, was so dazu gehört, dreht sich alles in der neuen 45-minütigen ORF-Drama-Serie „CopStories", die in Wien-Ottakring nach holländischem Vorbild entstanden ist. Authentisch, konfrontierend und zugleich humorvoll erzählen die drei Regisseure Paul Harather („Schlawiner"), Christopher Schier und Barbara Eder insgesamt zehn Geschichten rund um Verrat, Liebe, Ehrgeiz, Vertrauen, Respekt, Loyalität, Neid und Gewalt in und um ein städtisches Polizeikommissariat. Um die Geschichten möglichst nahe am tatsächlichen Polizeialltag zu erzählen, setzte das Team auf fachkundige Beratung erfahrener Polizeibeamter, darunter auch Oberst Rabensteiner vom Landeskriminalamt Wien.
Annedroids	Action	none	Kid scientist Anne learns about the world in her junkyard lab with her best pals Nick and Shania, and her android helpers.
Hand Of God	Drama	7.7	Created and written by Ben Watkins, and marking the television debut of renowned filmmaker Marc Forster (Monster's Ball, Finding Neverland, World War Z), "Hand of God" stars Golden Globe winner Ron Perlman in his first lead television role since Sons of Anarchy as the honorable justice Pernell Harris. The show centers on Judge Harris, a hard-living, law-bending married man with a high-end call girl on the side, who suffers a mental breakdown and goes on a vigilante quest to find the rapist who tore his family apart. With no real evidence to go on, Pernell begins to rely on "visions" and "messages" he believes are being sent by God through Pernell's ventilator-bound son. Hand of God also stars Dana Delany as the Judge's protective wife Crystal Harris, Garret Dillahunt as KD, the born-again sociopath whose violent tendencies are exploited by Pernell, Andre Royo as the slick, smart, gregarious, and greedy mayor Robert 'Bobo' Boston, Alona Tal as Pernell's grieving daughter-in-law Jocelyn Harris, Julian Morris as the questionable preacher Paul Curtis, Elizabeth McLaughlin as the preacher's sultry girlfriend Alicia, and Emayatzy Corinealdi as Pernell's call girl and confidante Tessie.
Urban Cowboy	Drama	none	Fox's Urban Cowboy is a modern reimagining of the classic 1980 Paramount romantic drama starring Debra Winger and John Travolta. Fueled with energetic music, it follows Kyle and Gaby, two star-crossed young lovers, as they pursue their dreams and passions through the sweat of line-dancing in honky-tonks, the grime of the oil refineries and the glamour of modern Texas. It's about family legacies, starting over, finding true love and the American dream.
Building Belushi	Comedy	none	One of America's best-loved performers, Jim Belushi, is going rogue--as in the Rogue River in Medford, Oregon. The actor, comedian and singer is trading his microphone for a tool belt and building his dream luxury riverfront cabin complete with its own stage for performing. Follow along as he learns what it takes to not only build an entire house from the ground up, but also how this constantly traveling celebrity found a place to call home.
I Was Possessed	Drama	none	"I Was Possessed" chronicles present day demonic possession and exorcism first hand. Using video and audio captured during the actual exorcism, each hour long episode tells two separate stories of everyday people who experienced demonic possession. Through first person accounts and recreations, we're told the backstories of these terrifying experiences, each experience is retold through the stages of possession: Infestation, Oppression and full Possession. With the use of REAL footage and audio, the viewer will be immersed in the incredible experience of exorcism.
Ash vs Evil Dead	Action	none	Campbell will be reprising his role as Ash, the stock boy, aging lothario and chainsaw-handed monster hunter who has spent the last 30 years avoiding responsibility, maturity and the terrors of the Evil Dead. When a Deadite plague threatens to destroy all of mankind, Ash is finally forced to face his demons -personal and literal. Destiny, it turns out, has no plans to release the unlikely hero from its "Evil" grip.
Britain's Great War	War	8.0	Opening the World War One commemoration season on the BBC and produced in partnership with the Open University, landmark new documentary series Britain's Great War, presented by Jeremy Paxman, explores how Britain and the lives of British people were transformed by the Great War. There had never been a war like it. It was the first ‘total war' and it blew apart the certainties on which British society rested. Focusing on extraordinary personal stories to illuminate often cataclysmic events, each episode charts a different stage of the war: from initial optimism; to frustration; to the exhausted, poignant celebration of victory. It was the first war in British history in which men were conscripted to fight, civilians had their homes bombed, and every family feared a knock on the door bringing terrible news. Governments took for themselves powers they would never have imagined
WWI: The First Modern War	War	8.0	This miniseries focuses on the game-changing weapons that were introduced during World War One - the war that was supposed to end all wars. Troops who were bunkered down in vast trenches became overwhelmed by powerful new weapons, including tanks, WMDs, submarines and the first blitz. Through experts, eyewitness testimony, riveting archive and special recreations seamlessly blended into an archival background, each hour-long episode features the story of one of these weapons. The mini-series examines how and why the weapons were developed, the strategy of how they attempted to break the bloody trench warfare stalemate, and their ultimate effectiveness. At the end of four years of war, a generation of men was lost.
Running Wild with Bear Grylls	Drama	10.0	In this hourlong alternative series, the famed adventurer, writer and television host will take eight entertainment and sports stars into the most remote and pristine locations in the U.S. and around the world for a 48-hour journey of a lifetime.
Love Sick: The Series	Drama	none	Phun has a girlfriend but his father wants him to date his friend's daughter. Phun's little sister, Pang, is obsessed with boys' love. Phun needs to convince Pang that he has a boyfriend so that she can help talk their father around the idea of dating his friend's daughter. So he asked Noh to become his fake boyfriend in exchange for helping Noh raising fund for his Music Club. However, the two 17 years old high school boys eventually fall in love after the deal brought them closer together. ~~ Based on the online Thai BL novel "LOVE SICK: The Chaotic Lives of Blue Shorts Guys"
Full House	Drama	none	By accident, a big super star and a young woman who wants to become a writer come to live together in the same house where they fall in love with each other.
My Captain	Action	1.0	The woman on the ship - not good. The unharmonious riverboat crew, led by its unbearable captain Ivan Akimov, was convinced in this lesson the very hard way. Beautiful Varvara got the dangerous mission - Taming of the Shrew Captain. This is a hot history on water in which there is no place to hide or go ashore.
Your Pretty Face Is Going to Hell	Comedy	none	"Your Pretty Face Is Going To Hell" is a live-action workplace comedy about Gary, an associate demon, as he attempts to capture souls on earth in order to climb the corporate ladder of the underworld. Gary hopes to advance in Hell, but he may be too stupid, lazy and kind-hearted to realize his dreams of promotion. Meanwhile, Gary's intern Claude is more talented, more devious and will do whatever it takes to impress Satan.
Death Row Stories	Drama	none	"Death Row Stories" is a series of one-hour documentaries. Each episode attempts to unravel the truth behind a different capital murder case. Executive produced by Alex Gibney and Robert Redford and narrated by Susan Sarandon, these stories call into question various beliefs surrounding America's justice system and the death penalty.
Home Free	DIY	none	FOX has ordered "HOME FREE", a new competition series that will feature never-before-seen twists and plenty of surprises, as couples vie to win their dream home. From Relativity Television and executive producer Tom Forman ("Extreme Makeover: Home Edition"), and hosted by famed professional contractor Mike Holmes ("Holmes on Homes®"), the eight-episode unscripted series breaks ground Wednesday, July 22 (9:00-10:00 PM ET/PT) on FOX.
The Flying Doctors	Drama	none	A long running drama showing the cases tackled by the Royal Flying Doctor Service, who bring medical help to the remote areas of the Australian outback.
Wild Burma: Nature's Lost Kingdom	Adventure	none	The story of a race against time to help preserve the untouched forests of Burma and its wildlife. For the first time in over 50 years, a team of wildlife filmmakers from the BBC's Natural History Unit and scientists from the world renowned Smithsonian Institution has been granted access to venture deep into Burma's impenetrable jungles. Their mission is to discover whether these forests are home to iconic animals, rapidly disappearing from the rest of the world - this expedition has come not a moment too soon
Blunt Talk	Drama	6.5	Set in Los Angeles, the story follows Walter Blunt, a British import intent on conquering the world of American cable news and the fallout from his well-intentioned, but mostly misguided decision-making, both on and off the air. Through the platform of his nightly cable news show, Blunt is on a mission to impart his wisdom and guidance on how Americans should live, think and behave. Besieged by network bosses, a dysfunctional news staff, numerous ex-wives and children of all ages, Blunt's only support is the heavy-drinking, devoted manservant he transplanted from the U.K. to join him in Los Angeles.
WAGS	Drama	none	The world of professional sports can be glamorous and full of perks, but these women behind the men know the truth…there are rules to being a WAG. From knowing how to support your man to how to learning the hierarchy of the WAG world and the drama that comes with it, these girls are the experts of maneuvering, manipulating and always making sure to look damn good while doing it.
The Carmichael Show	Comedy	none	"The Carmichael Show" follows a young couple, Jerrod and Maxine, who decide to move in together but when it comes time to tell Jerrod's parents, Jerrod finds every reason in the world to hold off on breaking the news to his mom and dad.
Limitless	Action	8.7	Limitless, based on Relativity's 2011 Bradley Cooper thriller, picks up where the movie left off and follows Brian Sinclair as he discovers the power of the mysterious drug NZT, and is coerced into using his newfound drug-enhanced abilities to solve weekly cases for the FBI.
Life in Pieces	Comedy	none	"Life in Pieces" is a comedy about one family told through the separate stories of its various family members.
Grandfathered	Comedy	none	A comedy about coming of age - at any age - "GRANDFATHERED" stars John Stamos as the ultimate bachelor whose life is turned upside down when he discovers he's not only a father, but a grandfather.
Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy	Action	8.0	"Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy", the action-packed epic space adventure following a ragtag band of disparate misfits, debuts with a one-hour special featuring back-to-back episodes, Saturday, September 26 at 9:30 PM ET on Disney XD. Catch a sneak peek of the first episode on Saturday, September 5 at 9:00 PM ET! Disney XD will also telecast 10 two-minute shorts delving into the backstory of each of the five main characters throughout the month of August."Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy" features themes of redemption and the importance of friendships and family told through a series of riveting sequential story arcs. The series follows the newly-formed team who finds a strange artifact keyed only to the DNA of Peter Quill. Upon opening it, Quill unleashes a treasure map leading to a powerful weapon known as the Cosmic Seed which is capable of giving birth to the next universe. It's up to the Guardians to find, protect and ultimately destroy the Cosmic Seed in order to keep it out of the hands of those who would abuse its power, from galactic big boss Thanos, to the conniving brothers the Collector and the Grandmaster, to a resurrected Ronan, to the ultimate trickster, Loki, in order to save the universe.
Glitch	Drama	9.0	James Hayes is a small town police man who is called to the local cemetery in the middle of the night after six people have inexplicably risen from the dead in perfect health. With no memory of their identities, they are determined to discover who they are and what has happened to them. James recognises one of them and along with local doctor Elishia Glass, struggles to keep the case hidden from his colleagues, his family and the world. The six people are all linked in some way and the search begins for someone who knows the truth about how and why they have returned.
Surviving Jack	Comedy	5.5	Set in Southern California, in 1991, the series centers on Jack Dunlevy, an ex-military man and no-nonsense guy who becomes a full-time parent when his wife decides to go to law school. He takes an unorthodox approach to keeping his teenagers, Frankie and Rachel, in line.
Cedar Cove	Drama	none	"Cedar Cove" is a small lakeside town full of romance and drama. One person in the middle of it all is Judge Olivia Lockhart, whose municipal court unveils the town's secrets and serves as a microcosm of the personal issues that she faces with her own family and friends. Also, Jack Griffith, the editor of the local newspaper, uncovers what goes on behind the courtroom's doors. The drama, Hallmark Channel's first original prime-time series, is based on a book series by New York Times best-selling author Debbie Macomber.
WWII's Greatest Raids	War	none	"WWII's Greatest Raids" is a series that takes you into the heart of an elite band of soldiers in the heat of a key action in their history, and follows them on the mission to show just how these men put their unique combination of skills, training and equipment to the test of combat. We'll explore just how celebrated outfits such as the U.S. Army Rangers, the British Special Air Service and the Black Devil Brigade have changed the course of a battle, or perhaps even a war, through their courage, daring and commitment.
SOKO Leipzig	Drama	none	SOKO Leipzig is a German police procedural television programme, a spin-off of the earlier German police programme SOKO 5113.
Goede Tijden, Slechte Tijden	Drama	none	Goede tijden, slechte tijden also known as GTST, is the longest-running Dutch soap opera, which began on 1 October 1990 on RTL4. The programme was the first daily soap in the Netherlands. GTST is broadcast Monday to Friday at 20:00. Around 1.5 million viewers watch each episode. It is the highest rated soap opera in the Netherlands.
Treasure Quest: Snake Island	Adventure	none	Off the southeastern coast of Brazil, an elite team of treasure hunters follows a radical new theory to uncover the resting place of a legendary treasure estimated to be worth hundreds of millions of dollars. And the evidence they have gathered leads them to the one place no one dares to go, a remote, treacherous island teeming with thousands of deadly vipers. Its name: Queimada Grande, known to locals as Snake Island.The legendary bounty that launched this quest, known as the "Treasure of the Trinity," has eluded all who have sought it for almost 500 years. In the 16th century, Portuguese conquistadors cut their way through uncharted Brazilian jungles and reportedly stole a vast horde of Incan gold. Ever since, people have spilled blood, burned villages, and evaded marauding pirates to hold on to this treasure, but it vanished into history.Now, armed with advanced technology, our team of explorers will have to unearth and solve a number of complex clues that have protected the treasure for centuries. But most of all, they'll need nerves of steel as they brave modern-day pirates, perilous weather, and one of the most dangerous places in the world, where one misstep could cost them not just incredible riches, but ultimately their lives.
New Japan Pro Wrestling on AXS TV	Drama	none	"New Japan Pro Wrestling on AXS TV" presents the biggest stars and best matches from the premier wrestling organization in Japan and the second largest and fastest growing wrestling promotion in the world. Former UFC Heavyweight champion and NJPW veteran Josh Barnett and famed combat sports commentator Mauro Ranallo provide English language commentary for the series.
My Babysitter's a Vampire	Comedy	none	"My Babysitter's a Vampire" is a comedic spin on pop culture vampires and scary movies in general, tells the story of three teens who believe their new babysitter is a real bloodsucking creature of the night -- and it's now up to them to rid their sleepy little town of the menace.
Orange Marmalade	Fantasy	none	Baek Ma Ri (Seol Hyun) is a senior high student who is also a vampire. She attends for school which all the students are human but she's a vampire. She has to keep her real identity hidden and acts like a common girl. But deep inside, she holds the grudge for all people around her talking fuss and mocking about vampires. Meanwhile, Jung Jae Min (Yeo Jin Goo) is a popular male student who will fall in love with Baek Ma Ri.
God Eater	Action	10.0	The Far East, 2071. The domain of the mad gods. In the early 2050s, unknown life forms called "Oracle cells" begin their uncontrolled consumption of all life on Earth. Their ravenous appetite and remarkable adaptability earn them first dread, then awe, and finally the name "aragami". In the face of an enemy completely immune to conventional weapons, urban civilization collapses, and each day humanity is driven further and further toward extinction. One single ray of hope remains for humanity. Following the development of "God Arcs"—living weapons which incorporate Oracle cells—their wielders are organized into an elite force. In a world ravaged by mad gods, these "God Eaters" fight a desperate war..
Unit Luchtvaartpolitie	Action	none	Unit Luchtvaartpolitie gives a look behind the scenes of the Dutch Police Aviation Unit. In a spectacular series we'll see how the actions of the police helicopter lead to catching crooks, improve safety and save lives.
Say "I Love You"	Drama	none	The story of first love centers around Mei Tachibana, a girl who has never made friends or had a boyfriend in 16 years. One day, she accidentally injures Yamato Kurosawa, the school's most popular boy. For some reason, Yamato becomes interested in Mei and starts a one-sided friendship with her. He even protects her from a stalker — by kissing her.
ATM 2 Romance Error	Drama	none	Tigers on Twitter JNBC banker secretly smuggled married for almost five years without anyone knowing. The Bank has a steel rule "Nor a fan" tolerance limit was that it came to the marriage. Someone would have to "leave" ... but no one ... until he resigned hardcore scene unexpectedly. ATM Bangkok on the 'spaces' 130,000 paid too! Couples have to become a competitor. Chased by an unknown hand in betting the money from the ATM, too. Provided that the who ... the money was reached earlier. The parties must resign! War between the office young couple begins with the job is at stake!
Gangsta	Anime	none	In the crime-ridden, mafia-governed city of Ergastulum, Worick and Nicolas are two "handymen" known as "Benriya" who would take any dirty job from either police or mafia -- for a good price. After an assignment from police the two met and later joined by Alex, a former prostitute who got interested in the mysterious background of the team, in particular of Nicolas' abilities.
Gate	Action	none	A gate appears in Tokyo's Ginza district sometime in the 21st century. From the gate pours out monsters, knights from middle-age Europe, and other fantasy-like beings, and they kill many of the citizens of Tokyo. This event is known as the Ginza Incident. The government sends a small group of soldiers from the Japanese Self-Defense Forces to the alternate world beyond the gate. Led by otaku soldier Yōji, they find that the villages in the world are being attacked by a dragon. An elf girl who is a survivor from the dragon's rampage joins the group in their travels across the dangerous new world.
Rokka no Yuusha	Adventure	none	When the Majin awoke from the depths of darkness, the deity of fate chose six heroes and bequeathed them with the power to save the world. Adlet, a boy who proclaims himself the strongest on Earth, was selected among the Rokka no Yūsha (Braves of the Six Flowers), and he goes to the rendezvous point — but seven have gathered there. The heroes suspect that someone among the seven is the enemy, and the initial suspicion falls on Adlet.
Ushio to Tora	Action	none	While cleaning out his family's Shinto temple, middle-school student Ushio Aotsuki stumbles upon a hidden cellar which houses a dangerous yokai. The yokai, pinned by a legendary weapon called the Beast Spear for 500 years, attracts many other supernatural creatures to the premises. Ushio is forced to free the creature – whom he names "Tora" – in return for his help in defeating them. Tora, who wishes to eat Ushio but is stalled by the Beast Spear, begins to haunt the boy in the hopes that an opportunity will present itself. However, Ushio's possession of the Spear seems to result in trouble after trouble, and Tora finds himself an unwilling ally to Ushio in his battles against various supernatural foes. Meanwhile, a greater danger lurks in the form of Hakumen no Mono, an incredibly powerful yokai with a thirst for destruction who is about to awaken from an extended slumber.
Aoharu x Machinegun	Action	none	Hotaru Tachibana is a girl disguised as a boy. Through strange circumstances she finds herself drawn into the world of survival games by a host, Masamune Matsuoka. The two form a team with ero-manga artist Tohru Yukimura and aim to be the be the best in Japan.
Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Fantasy	none	With an all-star roster consisting of Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, Hulk, Hawkeye, Falcon and, occasionally--when she feels like it and only when she feels like it--Black Widow, the Avengers are a team in the truest sense. The Avengers save the world from the biggest threats imaginable--threats no single super hero could withstand.
Hitler's War	War	none	This documentary illustrates Hitler's ruthless aspirations and savage victories, as his armies blitzed their way through Northern Europe and invaded the Soviet Union; the disappointment and defeat that followed the collapse of his "Russian Adventure," and the Allies closing in on the German capital of Berlin. Hitler's fateful decision to invade the Soviet Union proved to be the decisive turning point that led to his defeat in Europe. Though 1941's successful Operation Barbarossa netted huge swaths of Soviet territory, the Nazis' attempt on Moscow was derailed by the harsh Russian winter, while the subsequent Battle of Stalingrad completely destroyed Nazi forces. Both of these disastrous campaigns ultimately led to the weakening of both the German military and Hitler's own psyche, resulting in the Allies' march into Berlin and the Fuhrer's suicide shortly thereafter.
King Gwanggaeto the Great	Action	none	A drama detailing the life of King Gwanggaeto the Great, who restored the glory of Goguryeo by wresting power back from Baekje, which had invaded Goguryeo prior to Gwanggaeto's birth and dominated East Asia under the rule of King Geunchogo.
Heartless	Drama	1.0	Heartless follows Sofie and Sebastian - two siblings with a deep dark and fatal secret. In order to survive they must suck energy out of other people. We follow their quest for answers as to why they are this way and their search leads them to Ottmannsgaard, a boarding school with plenty of deep dark secrets of its own.
The Next Great Burger	Cooking	none	There's no food more quintessentially American than the burger. This summer, Esquire Network is hungrily on a mission to find the next best iconic classic. A new generation of backyard BBQ kings are looking to take burgers to a whole new level, and that means a bigger, better, more adventurous experience that dares the taste buds. In this 6-part competition series, ingenuity is on full display as up-and-coming culinary hopefuls have a shot to showcase their perfected version of one of the nation's greatest obsessions: the burger.
The Lover	Comedy	none	Oh Jung Se and Ryu Hyun Kyung play the main couple in their 30s who chose to live together instead of getting married, and have been sharing an apartment for two years. Oh Jung Se plays a voice actor and Ryu Hyun Kyung plays a reviewer who runs a blog. Choi Yeo Jin and Jung Joon Young have been cast as the second couple — they're twelve years apart in age and have been living together for a year. He's a pretty-boy singer who carries his guitar everywhere he goes, but doesn't actually know how to play it all that well. She's a penny-pinching ajumma in the body of a hot woman who basically supports her much younger boyfriend. He drives her crazy but he's a good guy at heart, and she can never manage to stay mad at him for long. Ha Eun Sul and Park Jong Hwan play a 20s couple that just moved in together. She's the type of woman who doesn't want her boyfriend to know th
America's Most Desperate Kitchens	Cooking	none	The Cousins, John Colaneri and Anthony Carrino are rescuing desperate homeowners in need of a major kitchen overhaul. In each episode, the Cousins will choose one of "America's Most Desperate Kitchens" from viewers' hilarious video submissions. Then, they'll travel to their homes to surprise the homeowners with a stunning transformation that will blow them away.
Gamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything	Comedy	none	Charismatic Conor may just be a teenager, but he is already a professional in his chosen field known as "KidFury", a professional video game player who takes the industry by storm. Things change, though, when a thumb injury brings his gaming career to a screeching halt, a setback that forces him out of the gaming circuit and into a public high school for the first time. While there, he meets three fellow gamers -- Franklin, Wendell and Ashley -- who team up with Conor to form the school's first-ever gaming league. Working together, the foursome learns that making lasting friendships in the real world is more meaningful than getting high scores in the digital realm.
The Fairly OddParents	Comedy	9.0	The Fairly OddParents follows the comedic adventures of Timmy Turner , a 10-year-old boy who overcomes typical kid obstacles with the help of his wand-wielding wish-granting fairy godparents, Cosmo and Wanda. These wishes fix problems that include everything from an aggravating babysitter to difficult homework assignments. With their eagerness to help Timmy, Cosmo and Wanda always succeed in messing things up.
Man vs. Child: Chef Showdown	Cooking	none	In each episode of "Man vs Child: Chef Showdown", a team of five child cooking prodigies – Cloyce (13), Holden (14), Emmalee (12), Dylan (11) and Estie (7) – will challenge a prolific executive-level chef in the kitchen, where they will defend their culinary abilities. Will raw talent and imagination prove to be enough for the first generation of kids raised on cooking shows? Great chefs will be put to the ultimate test, against the food stars of tomorrow.Each week, a new executive chef will face off against the team of minor masters. The competitors' overall aptitude and areas of expertise will be tested in three dynamic cooking rounds as they're challenged to create a different dish, under unusual circumstances. In the first two rounds, a panel of judges will taste the dishes and determine which chef has created the most delicious and inspired plate. The third and final round is blind tasted and judged by a critically acclaimed master-level chef. The overall winner takes home the ultimate prize of bragging
15 Storeys High	Comedy	9.0	A sitcom set in a tower block about pessimistic Vince and his flatmate Errol.
The Armando Iannucci Shows	Comedy	10.0	Armando's comic outlook on life is explored by specific themes relating to human nature in a series of surreal sketches and monologues.
The Outcast	Drama	none	Post-war coming-of-age drama based on the novel by Sadie Jones.
Outcast	Drama	none	Outcast centers on Kyle Barnes, who has been plagued by possession since he was a child. Now an adult, he embarks on a spiritual journey to find answers, but what he uncovers could mean the end of life on Earth as we know it.
Dokter Tinus	Drama	none	Actor Thom Hoffman is starring as a successful vascular surgeon who is suddenly confronted with a blood phobia, making it impossible for him to exercise his job in the hospital. He moves from the capital to the countryside to work as the GP of the village where he only knows his aunt. His predecessor was well liked, so a warm welcome to the newcomer is therefore not obvious. The empathic capabilities of the doctor leaving much to be desired, making it even harder for him to win his place in the close-knit community.
Born Again Virgin	Comedy	none	Jenna (Danielle Nicolet), a 34 year-old up-and-coming blogger, decides to become celibate when she finds her body count is starting to trump her age. Using her blog as encouragement for her newly adapted sex diet and also as a sounding board for her girlfriends' often amusing "sexcapades," Jenna is determined to make the blog a success and transform her friends in the process.Jenna's BFF & roommate Kelly (Gabrielle Dennis), an image brand consultant/publicist, is known equally for her success and ratchet taste in men. Her ‘sophista-ratchetness' tends to get the best of her, as she is constantly stepping down the career ladder to rescue a struggling man. Fortunately, as the product of a single parent home, Kelly knows the importance of letting nothing get in the way of her success.Sleeping rent-free on Kelly & Jenna's couch is, Tara (Eva Marcille), Kelly's ultra-needy client. Tara is a prime example of how the millennial generation sees themselves. She wants to be famous and will stop at nothing to get there- -except get a real job. Tara is very attractive and would rather spend time between acting gigs finding her next suitor of the month to pay her bills.And just as Jenna is settling into her new found virginity, in comes her new fine-as-wine neighbor Donovan (Tank). Single, successful and interested will he be the one that Jenna breaks her vow for?
Hiding	Drama	none	You can change your job, your city, your identity, but some things can haunt you forever. And they could cost Lincoln Swift and his family their lives in the uniquely gripping, family drama series, HIDING. In order to survive, Lincoln Swift must take his family into witness protection and give evidence against his former employer, vicious crime boss Nils Vandenberg. With new names and fresh identities, the Swifts are ripped from their Gold Coast home and dumped in Western Sydney. But dislocation puts immense pressure on everyone in the family.
No Hiding Place	Drama	9.0	Continued from the TV series Murder Bag and Crime Sheet, No Hiding Place was a highly successful show which follows the cases of Detective Chief Superintendent Tom Lockhart of Scotland Yard and his assistants. The series was produced live in a studio and therefore only a handful of the 236 episodes were ever recorded and still exist.
Hidden	Drama	10.0	When the mysterious lawyer Gina Hawkes turns up asking Harry to find a missing alibi witness for her client he agrees to take on the job but is unwittingly drawn into investigating the death of his brother 20 years ago. Harry quickly finds himself caught up in a much bigger and more complex conspiracy that reaches deep into the heart of the British political system.
Marooned with Ed Stafford	Adventure	none	Ed Stafford is undertaking an extreme survival challenge. He'll be washed up naked and alone on a desert island, south east of Fiji, with only his brain, bare hands, and a camera to keep him alive. He'll take no food, water, clothes, knife or tools, so from the moment he arrives he is on an extraordinary race to stay alive
An Aurora Teagarden Mystery	Crime	none	The Hallmark Movies & Mysteries "Aurora Teagarden Mystery" Movie franchise are based on the books by Charlaine Harris.
Treasure Quest: Lost Paradise	Adventure	none	"Treasure Quest: Lost Paradise" is a special series airing enhanced episodes from the series "Treasure Quest: Snake Island" that also airs previously unseen footage.
Partners in Crime	Drama	9.0	Agatha Christie spy drama. Husband and wife team Tommy and Tuppence Beresford are amateur sleuths who foil plots in 1950s Cold War Britain.
Beyond Scared Straight: Extreme Teens	Drama	none	"Beyond Scared Straight: Extreme Teens" includes new footage and interviews enhance previous episodes of the juvenile crime prevention series.
Graves	Comedy	none	"Graves" is a single camera, half-hour comedy starring Oscar-nominated Nick Nolte as a former President of the United States. Twenty years after his presidency, former President Richard Graves has the epiphany that his policies have damaged the country for decades and so, with his young assistant, he goes on a Don Quixote-like journey to right his administration's wrongs just as his wife, the former First Lady, decides to follow her own political ambitions.
War Heroes of the Skies	War	none	Through the eyes of the heroes, experience realistic mid-air combat and see revealing interviews with the last surviving WWII veterans in War Heroes Of The Skies. From the WWII aircrew officer who doused a fire on the wing of his aircraft while 20,000 ft in the sky, to the phantom fighter pilot who took out four MiGs over Vietnam in the most celebrated dog fight of the modern era. Presented by Lord Ashcroft, these are all stories of superhuman endurance, selfless courage and heroism beyond the call of duty
Sea Patrol	Drama	8.5	Set amongst the awesome beauty of the Australian Gold Coast, Sea Patrol follows sailors from every walk of life, age and temperament all crammed aboard the Naval Patrol boat Hammersley, a veritable pressure cooker of emotions desires and ambitions. Whether they are hunting down well armed drug smugglers, chasing thieves or pirates, helping fools, or saving reckless illegal immigrants, their adventures serve to bring the crew together to forge deep and longstanding friendships that cross the class and gender divide. Filmed on the Great Barrier Reef and Mission Beach, Far North Queensland and at Warner Roadshow Studios, Gold Coast, QLD
Bunk'd	Comedy	none	"Bunk'd" is a comedy about summer camp life that follows characters Emma Ross, Ravi Ross and Zuri Ross as they head to Camp Kikiwaka, a rustic summer camp in Maine where their parents met as teenagers.
Jail: Las Vegas	Drama	none	Spike TV is reviving the reality series Jail, but this time focusing on the lockups in Las Vegas titled "Jail: Las Vegas".  Jail follows prison inmates from their initial booking through their first moments behind bars.
Lockup Extended Stay	Drama	none	Lockup takes us inside maximum security prisons, showing us what life is really like for those that are spending several years there, their whole life, or even those waiting to be executed.
Outrageous Acts of Science	Comedy	none	The internet is ridden with clips of people doing crazy, hilarious and downright amazing things and on "Outrageous Acts of Science", we highlight the cream of the crop. From human powered flying machines in Canada, space explorers in the UK, backwards talking girls in the US and the New Zealander that built a robot rock band the show counts down a definitive top 20 clips of people doing the extraordinary in each episode. With episodes dedicated to homemade inventions, human guinea pigs, nature obsessed thrillers and pure danger junkies the team of scientists deconstruct and explain how each action in the clip worked, how risky it was and above all exactly why it shouldn't be tried at home.
Geeks Who Drink	Science-Fiction	none	In each installment of "Geeks Who Drink", two teams of self-proclaimed "trivia geeks" battle it out in rapid-fire quizzes that cover topics from pop culture to science fiction. Each team consists of three players – a celebrity team captain and two trivia pros. After three rounds of raucous game-play and (mostly) friendly competition, the winning team will earn bragging rights, a spot on the Geeks Who Drink leaderboard and a bevy of prizes to geek out over.
Alvinnn!!! and the Chipmunks	Children	none	The new animated series, "ALVINNN!!! and The Chipmunks", created by Janice Karman, will take viewers on a roller-coaster ride of music, laughter and stories geared to entertain four generations of "The Chipmunks" fans. Presented for the first time in glorious CGI, the series features ground-breaking animation and a new, original Chipmunk song in every episode. The series is an animated version of a prime-time sitcom and reflects the trials and tribulations of a single parent, David Seville, trying to raise six hyper-active Chipmunks. Like most parents, Dave's patience will be pushed to the limit, forcing him to end most sentences in "ALVINNN!!!"Alvin, Simon and Theodore are brothers who tour the world as famous rock stars and still manage to go to school. Completely normal... right? Did I also mention that they're Chipmunks? Along with their best friends, The Chipettes, Alvin and his chipmunk brothers cause tons of trouble on and off the stage while their dad, Dave, tries to manage these three rambunctious rodents, while writing all of their hit songs. Alvin, Theodore, and Simon are so different, it's hard to believe that they came from the same litter. With little voices and BIG personalities, there will be no shortage of adventures when these Chipmunks hit the stage!
Uncle	Comedy	8.0	Uncle stars stand-up comedian and singer/songwriter Nick Helm as Andy, a dissolute out-of work musician who forges an unlikely alliance with his 12-year-old nephew Errol after being morally blackmailed into looking after him by his chaotic sister Sam – all on the day Andy was planning to kill himself.
Lowdown	Comedy	none	Lowdown shines a torch on the life of a man whose job it is to feed the public's insatiable appetite for celebrity gossip. Adam plays Alex Burchill, the author of the Lowdown column which appears in the once great but now ailing tabloid newspaper – the Sunday Sun. Each week Alex interviews celebrities for his column, and each week at least one of those celebrities ruins his week. Sometimes the celebrity gets drunk and punches Alex out. Sometimes the celebrity gets him arrested. Usually the celebrity sleeps with his girlfriend, Rita. It may not sound like much of a life, but it invariably leads to great copy and the readers love it. In fact, it's the only thing standing between the Sunday Sun and oblivion.
Beyond Bitchin' Rides	Action	none	"Beyond Bitchin' Rides" is a one hour long special series that airs Extended Episodes with extra information and unseen footage from the show "Bitchin' Rides", both shows air on Velocity.
Outlaw Chronicles: Hells Angels	Drama	none	"Outlaw Chronicles: Hells Angels" reveals the truth about the most notorious motorcycle club in history, the Hells Angels. Don't miss the series premiere, August 18th at 10/9c.
Gallipoli	Drama	9.0	As dawn breaks on April 25, 1915, ANZAC troops go into battle on the beaches of the Gallipoli peninsula. Landing in the dark chaos, Tolly, Bevan and their mates struggle to establish a tenuous foothold on the treacherous slopes and deep ravines. They endure the next eight months on the peninsula learning lessons of survival. By the time of the final evacuation they have also learned the skills of combat and what it means to be a young man in war.
Dating Naked: Playing For Keeps	Romance	none	These days we're supposed to be more "connected" than ever, but it's actually harder than ever to truly connect. Online dates, blind dates, and the latest in ridiculous dating apps all make it hard to see people for who they really are. Last Summer a new social experiment provided daters with a radical dating experience where before they bared their souls they bared everything else first. Dating Naked: Playing For Keeps is a 10-episode, one-hour series that explores the art of romance, free of preconceived notions, stereotypes – and clothes. Hosted by Amy Paffrath, "Dating Naked: Playing For Keeps" is set on a romantic tropical island, BUT this time features two primary daters, Kerri and Chris, as they search for love.Each week, 2 new men and 2 new women will strip down for a shot at igniting a spark with our primary daters. At the end of each episode, Kerri and Chris will each pick the one person they connected with the most to be their "keeper", and ask them to remain on the island. As sexy new singles arrive every week, vying for the coveted "keeper" spots, initial connections will be put to the test and deeper feelings may begin to develop.Can Kerri and Chris handle the competition? Or will temptation and jealousy run rampant on the island? When everyone has stripped away the artifices of the modern world and revealed their ultimate, honest selves, the results will be truly surprising.
A Wicked Offer	Comedy	none	n the outrageous, darkly comic, one-hour docuseries "A WICKED OFFER", couples who need some extra help in making their dreams a reality are presented with a series of Faustian bargains, as they must decide to complete various scandalous and controversial tasks involving their unsuspecting friends, families, and co-workers for cash prizes. With each challenge testing the couple's moral and ethical boundaries, the couples must weigh the potential havoc wreaked on their relationship with each other and with everyone involved. As each task is completed, the stakes and the cash value are raised, forcing the couple to decide how far they're willing to go for money.
Behind Bars: Rookie Year	Drama	none	"Behind Bars: Rookie Year" follows a group of new recruits at the New Mexico Corrections Academy (NMCA) who are training or have recently joined the ranks at the Penitentiary of New Mexico (PNM). These rookies come face-to-face with rapists, murderers, and gang members who take pleasure in preying on weakness. Every new recruit hoping to join the department goes through a rigorous training program designed to test their fortitude and give them the tools needed to survive one of the most dangerous working environments on the planet. But as each day passes, the physical and emotional demands often prove too much for some, and even the best training can't prepare a rookie for the unexpected. Whether they're cadets in training or brand new on the line, the officers all wrestle with a critical life-or-death question: Is it worth it?
Club de Cuervos	Drama	8.0	"Club de Cuervos" is about a brother and sister battle high expectations and each other after inheriting a football team. A series from the creators of "Nosotros los Nobles."
Live at the Apollo	Comedy	none	Live at the Apollo (formerly titled Jack Dee Live at the Apollo) is a British stand-up comedy programme performed from the Hammersmith Apollo Theatre in west London.
Animals LOL	Comedy	none	Animals and Pets can do some of the craziest and cookies things at time that make you Laugh out Loud and "Animals LOL" catches them in the act with tons of video clips not only from viewers but also from the Internet.
Casanova	Drama	8.0	18th century Venetian Giacomo "Casanova" escapes from prison and flees to France.
You're the best, Lee Soon Shin	Comedy	8.0	Because of her father's sudden death, Lee Soon-Shin and her mother fall in trouble. They both attempt to find happiness, while Lee Soon-Shin falls in love.Meanwhile Shin Joon-Ho is the president of an entertainment management company. He is over confident, arrogant and cold-blooded. By meeting Lee Soon-Shin, he realizes the meaning of true success and also changes.
In Flanders Fields	Drama	none	In Flanders fields tells the story of family Boesman trying to survive in the city of Ghent during the first world war in 10 episodes. The story focuses on the five Boesman family members that each experience the war differently
Immortal Lee Soon-Shin	Drama	none	Based on Kim Hoon's Song of The Sword and Kim Tak Hwan's Immortality, KBS's outstanding 2005 historical drama The Immortal Lee Soon Shin is one of the most ambitious works the genre has seen in years. Spanning 104 episodes, the drama tells the story of one the world's greatest naval heroes, Admiral Lee Soon Shin, and all the people who helped him become a beloved figure in Korean history. The show was produced by Lee Seong Ju, who won Best Producer at the 2005 Baeksang Awards, and went on to record ratings of over 30%. The Immortal Lee Soon Shin received the Best of Best Drama Award and the Best Talent Award (Kim Myung Min) at the 33rd Korean Broadcasting Awards.
Comrades	Drama	10.0	This drama commemorates the soldiers who gave their lives in the Korean War, fought between North and South Korea between 1950 and 1953, and is designed to remind people that the heavy cost of human lives far outweigh any national glory. Lee Hyun Joong is a South Korean squad commander and war veteran who is dedicated to protecting the lives of the soldiers serving under him, despite his jaded outlook. His chance meeting with Lee Tae Ran on the battlefield stirs memories of the past, but she is now a lieutenant of the North Korean army.
America's Next Weatherman	Comedy	none	"America's Next Weatherman" has each classic reality show element -- from the physical challenges to the dramatic vote-offs -- will be tweaked through the Funny Or Die prism as 12 competitors compete for a job as America's next great weathercaster, Matt Oberg hosts the competition, which will be judged by longtime weather personalities Johnny Mountain and Jillian Barberie.
Project Afterlife	Drama	none	People who say they have visited the afterlife challenge everything we understand about death. If death is the great equalizer, how and why are some victims able to come back from death while others are not? In Destination America's all-new series "PROJECT AFTERLIFE", a team of investigators motivated by their own experiences with pulling victims back from the grave – including a paramedic, an ordained minister, a retired state trooper, and an investigative filmmaker – launch an unprecedented quest to unlock the mysteries of resurrection with help from real people who say they have gone through it. PROJECT AFTERLIFE premieres Sunday, August 9 at 10/9c on Destination America.Each episode follows the team as they investigate two stories of the most fascinating contemporary cases of resurrection across America. Survivors were in the prime of their lives when an accident or sudden illness led to their untimely deaths, only to inexplicably return to life. Through cinematic recreations and first-person interviews with survivors, PROJECT AFTERLIFE explores the mystery of resurrection while bringing viewers up close and personal to the experience. Hear directly from survivors about the moment they realized they were dead, what – and who – awaited them on the other side, what it felt like to die and come back, and how it changed their lives afterward. "People have wondered about resurrection for all of mankind, but modern reports in America have our team of investigators looking at it in a whole new light. They're on a mission to unlock its mysteries with an exploration into more cases than anyone has ever researched before," said Marc Etkind, general manager of Destination America. "For fans of ghost and mystery programming, PROJECT AFTERLIFE offers a new take on the genre that's full of curiosity and hope that there is life after life after death."In PROJECT AFTERLIFE, the investigation team pours through case files, examines medical records, and visits key locations in each case to better understand these documented experiences by survivors. Interviews with doctors and family who kept vigil bring investigators one step closer to understanding resurrection by revealing key patterns in the surrounding circumstances, such as loved ones always holding the victim's left hand during prayer.
The Eternal Zero	Drama	10.0	The story of Saeki Kentaro, who continues to fail the National Bar Examinations and lose sight of the goal of his life, and his old sister Keiko, who is a freelance writer looking up their grandfather Miyabe who died in the Pacific War as a Kamikaze pilot. Miyabe had an astute ability as a pilot of fighter planes, but he was extraordinarily afraid of death. His two grandchildren started wondering why he applied for the Kamikaze corps. Revealing Miyabe's unexpected title of "genius yet coward", they unveil a surprising fact which has been sealed for over 60 years.
Narcos	Drama	8.7	"Narcos", the series will chronicle the life and death of drug lord Pablo Escobar the ruthless boss of the Medellin Cartel and a known terrorist who was also a congressman, a family man and revered by the poor as a new Robin Hood.
The Agent	Drama	none	Behind every professional football player is an agent. Their clients make the plays on the field, but they run the game off the field. Esquire Network gives an inside look at the business behind America's biggest sports obsession as cameras follow four top real-life ‘Jerry Maguire' sports agents navigating the cutthroat world of professional football in "The Agent".
Married at First Sight	Romance	none	"Married at First Sight" is an extreme social experiment that follows six brave singles yearning for a life-long partnership as they agree to a provocative proposal: getting legally married to a complete stranger the moment they first meet. Four specialists – sexologist, Dr. Logan Levkoff; psychologist, Dr. Joseph Cilona; sociologist, Dr. Pepper Schwartz; and spiritual advisor, Greg Epstein – create what they believe are three perfect couples, based on scientific matchmaking. The couples will not meet until they walk down the aisle and see each other face-to-face, for the first time, at the altar. Over the course of several weeks, episodes capture each couple's journey as they go from wedding, to honeymoon, to early nesting, to the daily struggle of working on their marriage. After several weeks together, each couple must make a decision: do they remain together or decide to divorce?
Playing House	Comedy	none	In "PLAYING HOUSE", when pregnant Maggie discovers her husband cheating, her BFF Emma gives up her career to help Maggie raise the baby. Now the lifelong friends must navigate their biggest and most hilarious adventure yet, in the best way they know how - together.
Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated	Comedy	6.0	A sleepy little village, Crystal Cove boasts a long history of ghost sightings, poltergeists, demon possessions, phantoms and other paranormal occurrences. The renowned sleuthing team of Fred, Daphne, Velma, Shaggy and Scooby-Doo prove all of this simply isn't real, and along the way, uncover a larger, season-long mystery that will change everything.
Kevin From Work	Comedy	7.0	"Kevin From Work" is a single-cam series centered on Kevin, a young man who declares his unrequited love for his coworker Audrey in a letter, believing he'll never see her again after he accepts a job overseas. But when the opportunity falls through and Kevin is forced to return to his old job, how will he and Audrey continue to work together now that his feelings are no longer secret?
Ties That Bind	Drama	none	Allison McLean (Kelli Williams) is a tough and experienced police detective in suburban Seattle. Like most working women, her hands are already full, balancing a demanding and dangerous job and a family — husband Matt (Jonathan Scarfe), and teenagers Jeff (Mitchell Kummen) and Rachel (Natasha Calis). But when she and her partner, Devin (Dion Johnstone), must arrest her brother, Tim (Luke Perry), for aggravated assault, her world drastically changes as Tim is convicted and sent to prison leaving his two teenagers Cameron (Rhys Matthew Bond) and Mariah (Matreya Scarrwener) teetering on the brink of foster care. Having done the right thing as an officer of the law, Allison now feels compelled to do the right thing as a sister and aunt; she brings Tim's two very unhappy teens into her home. Squeezing four teenagers under one roof proves to be an additional test of Allison's strength and patience. It won't be easy for her husband, her children or Tim's kids either. In addition to investigating local crimes, the UP Original Series "Ties That Bind" will also focus on the joys and struggles of the teens as they adjust to their new home, their new high school, make new friends and experience love, romance, anger and jealousy.
Zero no Shinjitsu	Drama	none	Matsumoto Mao is suppose to become the new medical examiner and visit the USA at the age of 10. While there she is to study advanced placement 3rd year Forensics. she has an IQ of over 150.Suddenly she becomes like an ordinary person confusing everybody, except Kyoko.
Gran Reserva	Drama	none	The storyline of the spanish drama 'Gran Reserva' revolves around two families of Rioja winemakers: the Cortázar, who see wine as a lucrative business, and Reverte, for whom the vineyard and land are a way of life. Despite their differences, both families live in a balance that dramatically breaks when someone tries to kill Miguel, Cortázar's firstborn. Although the young man survives, he loses his memory, and that changes their world forever.
Van Gogh; een huis voor Vincent	Drama	none	The series "Van Gogh; een huis voor Vincent" tells the dramatized story of perhaps the most famous painter of the Netherlands Vincent van Gogh (played by Barry Atsma). Although Van Gogh now enjoys worldwide fame his life went of struggle and wanderings. Eventually his impressive artistry surfaced. The series tells the story of these wanderings and the quest of finding his "home".
Mahou Shoujo Madoka Magika	Drama	none	There exist familiars who have the power to grant one wish to a chosen girl. However, that girl must then become a Puella Magi, a girl with magical powers, and fight against witches, evil creatures born from curses that are responsible for murders and suicides. A schoolgirl named Madoka Kaname and her friend Sayaka Miki are approached by a familiar named Kyubey and Puella Magi named Mami Tomoe with offers of becoming magical girls. Another Peulla Magi named Homura Akemi tries to prevent Madoka from making such a deal.
Swamp Murders	Drama	none	From the swampy bayou of Louisiana to the Great Lake o' the Cherokees in Missouri and even rivers and lakes in Georgia, Texas, and Florida, "SWAMP MURDERS" proves that even muddied waters eventually bring secrets to the surface. The premiere episode on June 4 at 10 PM profiles wholesome 19-year-old Kathy Bonney. When Kathy doesn't come home one day, her concerned father, Tom, turns to police for help. But when Kathy's bullet-ridden body is pulled from Virginia's Great Dismal Swamp, detectives discover that Kathy wasn't as angelic as everyone was led to believe - and her father wasn't as clueless as he let on.
Undercover	Comedy	9.0	Family. It can be the most important thing in the world. And it can also be a massive pain in the arse. Undercover, a brand new, original scripted comedy for Dave, is a high stakes action comedy about Chris (Daniel Rigby), a lonely, over analysing neurotic traffic police officer who finds himself hopelessly out of his depth when he infiltrates an Armenian crime family.
XIII: The Conspiracy	Drama	8.3	Based on a Belgian comic book and a Ubisoft video game, this action mini-series is about a massive governmental conspiracy involving the assassination of the first female U.S. president. A man is found washed up on a beach with his memory gone. When elite special ops forces detect his location and track him down, he instinctively kills them one by one. Driven by the need to recover his memory...
Golden Cross	Drama	none	Kang Do-Yoon (Kim Kang-Woo) cares for his mother and younger sister a lot, but his younger sister is murdered. He then decides to take revenge upon the perpetrator.
Magnifica 70	Drama	none	MAGNIFICENT 70 series with 13 episodes, uses the universe of Trash Mouth 70s, which produced pornochanchadas to talk about something universal and timeless: the confrontation between the desired and the forbidden, the desire and repression, freedom and prejudice. The series tells the story of Vince, a São Paulo 35 years it takes a accommodated and repressed life. He works as a censor of the Federal Censorship and lives a dull marriage to Isabel, daughter of Souto general, until watch the movie you need to censor: The Wanton Student. That's when he sees Dora Dumar the first time and was mesmerized. The fascination takes you to the Trash Mouth, where he begins to work with Dora and Manolo, the owner of production Magnificent. In this seductive and chaotic universe that involves irresistibly, Vicente, Dora and Manolo live a triangle marked by obsession
De Ontmaskering Van De Vastgoedfraude	Drama	none	On the 13th November 2007, 600 detectives and 30 prosecutors lead by Herman Muller invade around 50 adresses. Ger van Woerkom and Theo Frijn are bewildered to be caught as main suspect of a major fraud, whereby hundreds of millions are eclipsed and pension funds are about to collapse. It all started in 1995 when Ger and Theo decided to be the leading stars in the real estate world. They succeed tot transform the rock solid company Bouwfonds to a lucrative moneymaker for themselves. It is a dream come true: to be so rich, nobody dares to do anything to you. The extrication of the real estate fraud is a four episode dramaseries about treachery and trust. About Impeachment, prosecution and trial, in a rich tradion of the legal thriller. It is a story where one suspect may not be the other.
Weather Gone Viral	Drama	none	While dangerous, extreme weather makes for some riveting video and lends itself to being easily shared online and going viral. Such videos of destructive weather are featured on this series, which showcases the weather footage in addition to featuring first-hand accounts of survivors who lived through the treacherous conditions. On-air meteorologists also share their tales of being on the front lines and experiencing the fury that Mother Nature sends their way, sometimes even becoming the story themselves. Tsunamis, lightning storms and tornados are among the weather phenomena that take center stage on "Weather Gone Viral".
Monstropolis	Drama	none	In "Monstropolis", monsters are real, living amongst the humans in the city of New Manhattan (aka Monstropolis). But now someone is killing monsters, and it is up to one disgraced detective to stop the killer… or become the next victim.
The Art Of More	Drama	none	"The Art Of More" is a groundbreaking drama starring Dennis Quaid ("Vegas," ANY GIVEN SUNDAY) that goes into the underbelly and surprisingly cutthroat world of premium auction houses. We follow a blue collar young man, Graham Connor, played by Christian Cooke ("Magic City") who leverages his way into this exclusive realm by exploiting connections to antiquities smuggling rings he was exposed to as a soldier in Iraq. Kate Bosworth (STILL ALICE) plays the role of Roxanna Whitney, daughter of the CEO of one of the two warring auction houses - and a leading account executive. Although she was born into this exclusive world and thrives in it, she is riddled with insecurities that drive her to be a formidable executive in her own right.
SuperMansion	Comedy	none	In "SuperMansion" a group of elderly superheroes, the League of Freedom, were once renowned throughout the world. Now under the leadership of Titanium Rex, they attempt to stay relevant in a world that has passed them by.
Horrorstör	Drama	none	"Horrorstör" centers on26-year-old Amy. Newly sober, she lands a job at ORSK, the U.S. Flagship of the European furniture superstore. It feels like just the opportunity she's needed to get her life back on track, but as Amy comes to discover, the store actually preys upon its customers' desires to a supernatural degree, selling products that make their wishes and fantasies come true in unexpected and insidious ways.
Shooter	Action	none	Based on the best-selling Bob Lee Swagger novel by Stephen Hunter, Point of Impact, and the 2007 Paramount film starring Mark Wahlberg, "SHOOTER" is an action series about a highly decorated Marine sniper who is on the run after being falsely accused of trying to kill the President.
Show Me A Hero	Drama	8.0	In an America generations removed from the civil rights struggles of the 1960s, the young mayor (Oscar Isaac) of a mid-sized city is faced with a federal court order to build a small number of low-income housing units in the white neighborhoods of his town. His attempt to do so tears the entire city apart, paralyzes the municipal government and, ultimately, destroys the mayor and his political future.
The Deuce	Drama	none	"The Deuce" was inspired in part by the career of twin brothers who were players in the Times Square world and became fronts for Mob control of the volatile and lucrative sex industry from its origins. This drama will chronicle the legalization and subsequent rise of the porn industry in New York's Times Square from the early 1970s through the mid-1980s
Cassius & Clay	Comedy	none	FXX has picked up "Cassius and Clay", an animated action-buddy comedy starring Kaitlin Olson as "Cassius" and Lake Bell as "Clay," bandits looking to survive in a futuristic, post-apocalyptic American South, it was announced today by Nick Grad and Eric Schrier, Presidents of Original Programming, FX Networks and FX Productions. 10 episodes have been ordered for the first season, due to air on FXX in 2016.
Documentary Now!	Comedy	none	From the minds of Fred Armisen, Bill Hader and Seth Meyers comes a new new series that looks back on 50 years of excellence and integrity in documentary filmmaking. See Fred and Bill investigate drug cartels, join an indifferent ‘70s rock band, reenact Iceland's annual Al Capone Festival, take part in a dramatic exposé of the world's first documentary about the Inuit and much more.
Benders	Drama	none	"Benders" follows several friends bonded by an irrational obsession for their beer-swilling amateur hockey league. Their skills may be limited but their passion is not, as evidenced by the chaos hockey creates in their everyday lives. This isn't fast-paced, brawler-style hockey. It's the slow motion, falling-down version.
Vixen	Action	7.0	The series follows Mari McCabe aka Vixen, a superhero with the skill to adopt the abilities of animals. The TV show will be set in the same universe as CW shows The Flash and Arrow
The Bastard Executioner	Drama	8.3	The Bastard Executioner is a blood-soaked, medieval epic that tells the story of Wilkin Brattle, a 14th century warrior, whose life is forever changed when a divine messenger beseeches him to lay down his sword and lead the life of another man: a journeyman executioner. Set in northern Wales during a time rife with rebellion and political upheaval, Wilkin must walk a tight rope between protecting his true identity while also serving a mysterious destiny
Moonbeam City	Drama	none	"Moonbeam City" is an absurdist take on the gritty, sex-drenched crime dramas from the 1980s. The series follows undercover detective "Dazzle Novak" (voiced by Lowe), a handsome idiot who commits more crimes than most criminals. His tyrannical chief, "Pizzaz Miller" (Banks), won't get off his back, and hotshot rookie "Rad Cunningham" (Forte) is dying to see him fail. With the world against him, "Dazzle" is thrust into a living nightmare: having to do actual police work
Colony	Drama	8.0	Colony is a naturalistic drama about a family that's torn by opposing forces and makes difficult decisions as its members balance staying together with surviving the struggle of the human race. Set in the near future, the story takes place in Los Angeles, which exists in a state of occupation by a force of outside intruders. Some people choose to collaborate with the authorities and benefit from the new order, while others rebel and suffer the consequences. Josh Holloway stars in Colony as Will Bowman a former FBI agent who — in a bid to protect his family — is forced to collaborate with the occupational government to bring down the growing resistance movement inside the L.A. colony. Sarah Wayne Callies co-stars as Katie Bowman, Will's wife and a mother of three who struggles daily to keep her family safe and united in an occupied Los Angeles.
Mercy Street	Drama	none	Follows the lives of two volunteer nurses on opposing sides of the Civil War - New England abolitionist Mary Phinney and Confederate supporter Emma Green.
The Last Kingdom	Drama	8.0	The Last Kingdom, is a show of heroic deeds and epic battles but with a thematic depth that embraces politics, religion, warfare, courage, love, loyalty and our universal search for identity. Combining real historical figures and events with fictional characters, it is the story of how a people combined their strength under one of the most iconic kings of history in order to reclaim their land for themselves and build a place they call home
Master of None	Comedy	none	The show follows the personal and professional lives of Dev, a 30-year-old actor who has trouble deciding what he wants to eat, much less the pathway for the rest of his life. Dev's story takes him through subjects as diverse as the plight of the elderly, the immigrant experience, and how to find the most delicious pasta for dinner.
The Virus	Drama	none	This drama centers around the scientists at the ‘special infectious disease crisis response team‘ lead by Lee Myung Hyun, who investigate a mysterious infection case where the virus has a 100% fatality rate.
Say Yes to the Dress: The Big Day	Drama	none	"Say Yes to the Dress: The Big Day" leaves the dressing rooms of Kleinfeld Bridal and follows the women as the prepare for and experience their perfect days.
A Man Called God	Drama	none	Choi Kang-ta is a super agent with a feared reputation who gains powers similar to a god. As a child, he lost his parents and was adopted by an American couple. After becoming an adult, he returns to Korea to exact revenge on the murderer of his father. He learns that there were four people responsible for his father's death. In the midst of carrying out his plans, his partner Vivian betrays him, putting his life in danger. He is nursed back to health by Bo-bae, a reporter he met by chance, and as he falls in love with her, his beliefs are shaken. After recovering from his wounds, he settles down in a slum neighborhood where he befriends the poor residents. For the first time in his life, he is surrounded by warmth and love in his new home, and finds peace within himself. But Hwang Woo-hyun, a high-ranking official at the Korean Central Intelligence Agency and heir to the Hwanglim Group
That Winter, The Wind Blows	Drama	none	Oh Young is a blind heiress to a large corporation who lost her parents in a tragic accident along with her sight. Meanwhile, Oh Soo is a gambler and playboy who lives in a meaningless life after being abandoned by his parents at an early age as well as his first love. In order to repay the enormous amount of debt, Oh Soo approach Oh Young for money purpose but ends up falling in love with her….
Dinotrux	Comedy	none	DreamWorks Animation and Netflix are bulldozing back to a prehistoric world of epic proportions with the debut of "Dinotrux", an all-new action-packed original series featuring hybrid dinosaur-construction characters who are set to build and battle over three seasons. Based on Chris Gall‘s award-winning book series, DreamWorks Animation's Dinotrux is set in a fantastical world filled with lava-flowing volcanoes, lush forests and a megaton cast of loveable characters who are half-dinosaur, half-mechanical construction vehicle and all fun!Dinotrux follows the adventures of two unlikely best friends as they navigate the adrenaline-filled mechanical domain ruled by stunning oversize creatures like Tyrannosaurus Trux, Scraptors and Tow-a-constrictors. The show's heroes are Ty, a massive and fiercely loyal T-Trux with a big vision for a new world, and his best buddy Revvit, a razor-smart Reptool who is the engineering brains of the operation. Together they build an incredible world of epic scope populated by groups of Dinotrux and Reptools, each with their own personality and skill set as they unite to defend their community from the biggest and baddest of them all, D-Strux, as he threatens to destroy everything they've built.
Wishenpoof!	Comedy	none	Written by Angela Santomero, creator of Blue's Clues, Creative Galaxy, and the Emmy-nominated literacy series, Super Why!, "Wishenpoof!" is an animated pilot that revolves around Bianca, who has "wish magic" which means if she wishes to play under the sea then — Wishenpoof! — she's a mermaid, swimming around with the sea horses. Bianca uses her wish magic to help others and learns to solve life's problems in her own creative way because with magic, or without, we all have the power to make good choices. This is Santomero's second Amazon Studios pilot. Santomero's first pilot, Creative Galaxy, is currently in production and scheduled to be available on Prime Instant Video in 2014.
Prison School	Drama	none	On the outskirts of Tokyo stands Hachimitsu Private Academy, a storied all-girls boarding school for elite young women full of potential and good breeding. But as the new school year rolls around, one tradition is going out the window: For the first time in the school's long history, boys are being allowed to enroll. But on the first day of school, only five boys make the cut. Kiyoshi Fujino, one of the lucky few, is thrilled by this discovery, his heart leaping with joy at the thought of being surrounded by all those girls, day in and day out. But little does he know of the shocking fate that awaits him.
Fooly Cooly	Drama	10.0	Naota is a normal Japanese 6th grade boy (although a little cynical), but when his older brother leaves for America to play baseball, his brother leaves his homeless 17-year-old girlfriend Mamimi behind. Mamimi is sending mixed signals and advances to Naota, and he doesn't know what to do about her. But to make matters worse, Naota's world is totally turned upside down when he is run over by a woman on a Vespa. During their first encounter, she hits him over the head with her bass guitar, which then causes a horn to grow out of his forehead. She calls herself "Haruko" and her presence changes Naota's life to even further insanity.
Outnumbered	Comedy	8.0	Comedy about the daily rollercoaster of life with growing children, starring Hugh Dennis as the father and Claire Skinner as the mother
Killer Net	Crime	6.0	Two Brighton-based students buy an internet murder game and are amazed by its realistic qualities. They perform the perfect cyber murder, but soon the boundaries between fantasy and reality become blurred when a real copycat killing takes place. Leaving the game, it seems, can be murder...
Operation Good Guys	Comedy	none	It follows the fortunes of a squad of officers, fronted by DI Jim Beach, who have been assembled to bring down a major crime lord.
The Fast Show	Comedy	none	Comedy sketch show featuring Paul Whitehouse, Charlie Higson, Caroline Aherne, Mark Williams, John Thomson, Simon Day and Arabella Weir
I'm Dying Up Here	Comedy	none	This dark comedy will delve into the inspired and damaged psyches that inhabit the hilarious, but complex business of making an audience laugh. Scheduled to shoot this fall, "I'M DYING UP HERE" will center within L.A.'s celebrated and infamous stand-up comedy scene of the 1970s.
Twin Peaks	Drama	10.0	The critically-acclaimed Golden Globe and Peabody Award-winning series "TWIN PEAKS" will return as a new limited series on Showtime. Widely considered one of the most groundbreaking and influential broadcast series of all time, TWIN PEAKS followed the inhabitants of a quaint northwestern town who were stunned after homecoming queen Laura Palmer is shockingly murdered. The town's sheriff welcomed the help of FBI agent Dale Cooper, who came to town to investigate the case. As Cooper conducted his search for Laura's killer, the town's secrets were gradually exposed. Twenty-five years later, the story continues... Set in the present day, TWIN PEAKS on Showtime will continue the lore of the original series, providing long-awaited answers for the series' passionate fan base. Each episode will be directed by David Lynch and written with his original co-creator, TV veteran Mark Frost.
Lopez	Comedy	none	Lopez revolves around one of America's most successful Hispanic American comedians George Lopez which explores how George struggles between his two worlds and crises – often of his own making. Too rich to go back to his working class, Latino roots, and too "brown" to feel comfortable in his affluent celebrity life, being George Lopez comes with many problems.
Friday The 13th	Drama	none	After slicing and dicing his way through a dozen feature films, Jason Voorhees is ready to slash his way to small screen stardom. Emmett/Furla/Oasis Films and Crystal Lake Entertainment have set a deal to produce a new hour-long dramatic series based upon the characters and settings of "Friday The 13th". Sean S. Cunningham, who helmed the 1980 original, will be executive producer.Bill Basso (Terminator) and Jordu Schell (Avatar) have been set to script a story line that re-imagines Jason Voorhees in multiple time periods. The series is contemporary, focusing on the eclectic characters of Crystal Lake who are forced to confront the return of the killer, as new secrets about his wacky family are revealed.
Last	Action	none	When a critical business deal goes belly up, Jang Tae Ho finds himself homeless and on the run from dangerous loan sharks. As the once-successful financier struggles to climb his way out of poverty, he encounters an underground community within the subway system, where an entirely different set of rules govern the lives of countless homeless denizens.
Bangkok Airport	Travel	none	Following British tourists checking in and out of the south-east Asian airport. The show follows employees and passengers at the airport as they come across issues that they face daily and other more bizarre cases.
Harvest	Drama	none	"Harvest", which marks Spike's first collaboration with a major studio, was written by Ian Sobel & Matt Morgan (12 Monkeys, From Dusk Till Dawn: The Series). It centers on a dedicated father, working two jobs to support his teenage daughter and give her the life he never had. By day, he's a cemetery caretaker, by night he attends nursing school. However, when his own estranged father tracks him down and threatens to expose a terrible secret — he is compelled to partner with him in a black-market tissue and body parts trade.
The Good Place	Comedy	none	NBC has given a straight-to-series 13-episode order to the Mike Schur project. Tentatively titled "The Good Place", it centers on a woman wrestling with what it means to be good." Mike came in and laid out the whole season. We loved it so much, we ordered it to series," NBC Entertainment chairman Bob Greenblatt said. "The guy who brought Amy Poehler to primetime (in Parks & Rec) is bringing another strong, funny, complicated female character to TV." The series will be produced by Universal Television, 3 Arts Entertainment and Fremulon. Schur and David Miner will executive produce.
Airlines	Drama	none	Airlines - Har Udaan Ek Toofan, trails the thrill, glamour and danger associated with the aviation industry. This show tracks the journey of an ambitious woman, Ananya Rawat who aspires to excel in her career as a commercial pilot.  Breaking all stereotypes, Airlines revolves around a determined woman, Ananya Rawat, entering into a world known to be dominated by men. Ambitious and highly principled, Ananya was born with a modern outlook yet a traditional value system.  Shadowed by financial constraints throughout her life, Ananya feels a great sense of responsibility for her mother and her siblings. Her problems are her own, and Ananya is known to hold her emotions as she doesn't believe in sharing – at least when it comes to her feelings. But what happens when the young and charming Aakash enters Ananya's life? A collision of personal and professional conflicts!
Debt	Drama	none	"Debt" centers on a man who, having lost everything important to him, decides to partner with the head of a somewhat-fraudulent collection agency and get back at the rich who steal from the poor.
Powerless	Comedy	none	"Powerless" is a workplace comedy set at one of the worst insurance companies in America — with the twist being that it also takes place in the universe of DC Comics. The show is about the reality of working life for a normal, powerless person in a world of superheroes and villains.
Bumbleberry Lane	Comedy	none	"Bumbleberry Lane" is described as a big ensemble comedy in which a group of misfits working at a public television children's show try to prevent their messy personal lives from spilling over into their jobs, sometimes resulting in puppets behaving badly. The R-rated show behind the G-rated show.
RED	Drama	none	NBC is developing "RED", an hour long series based on the movie franchise. Written by the Hoeber brothers, the TV series version will retain the core concept of the films but will be set in a more grounded and authentic world, focusing on the characters' darkly hilarious struggles to survive civilian life as they simultaneously fight for and against the very organization that threw them out.
Home Fires	Drama	none	In 1939 life for the women of Great Paxford changed forever. Suddenly parted from their men, they must rely on each other to get through the hard times ahead in the midst of a world war.
Deadline Gallipoli	Drama	none	Three journalists, Charles Bean, Ellis Ashmead Bartlett and Phillip Schuler, arrive at Gallipoli with the invading British and Allied troops in 1915. They will report the war but are prevented from getting out the true story of an unfolding disaster. From encampment in Cairo to Anzac Cove to the evacuation, this is the story of journalists who will not accept that truth be the first casualty. This is the story of the men who will not shut up. The actions of these men will help change the course of the campaign, ensure that a strategic disaster becomes a legend of human heroism, and leave an impregnable mark on each of their lives.
Oda Nobuna no Yabou	Comedy	none	Ordinary high schooler Yoshiharu gets pulled into a time slip to the warring states period. There he meets Nobuna Oda - not Nobunaga, Nobuna. In this world, all the famous warlords of the era are female. Nobuna recruits Sagara, who she dubs "Monkey," to help her in her quest to rule the world.
In het Vuur van de Storm	Drama	none	A lonely old guy has been ravaged by nightmares and evil ghosts from the past for over 60 years. Carrying a dirty secret that he kept quiet to the outside world.But on a stormy nights he is being hunted by these ghosts once again, the story repeats itselfs again. It brings him back to the summer of 1942, two young people, a Dutch-German guy Hans Hallerbach and a Jewish girl Vera Weinberg, where they play a dangerous game to save their forbidden relationship.Both families try to end this, but when the Germans start to deport Dutch Jews, the danger is getting closer.Once Hans has been called to arms and Vera's family has been threathened, the game becomes more embittered
Bachelor in Paradise: After Paradise	Romance	none	"Bachelor in Paradise: After Paradise" will feature host Harrison and co-host Mollen discussing and dissecting the most recent episodes of Bachelor in Paradise, alongside cast members and celebrity fans. Bachelor fans know Mollen from her prolific live tweeting during past seasons of The Bachelor and The Bachelorette, while Harrison is the man who has seen it all as the host of "The Bachelor" franchise since the first rose ceremony took place over 13 years ago. Together they'll present questions and comments from viewers, debut deleted scenes, outtakes and exclusive extra content, all the while allowing members of #BachelorNation to finally have their say.
Intervention: Then & Now	Drama	none	"Intervention: Then & Now" includes new interviews with individuals that have been profiled in previous episodes of of the A&E series "Intervention."
The Cyanide and Happiness Show	Comedy	10.0	Cyanide & Happiness Show is a comedy animated web series written and illustrated by Rob DenBleyker, Kris Wilson, Dave McElfatrick and formerly Matt Melvin, based on their webcomic Cyanide & Happiness.
Bad Guys	Action	none	To combat rising violent crimes, the Police Chief asks Detective Oh Goo Tak to form a team consisting of criminals. He is currently suspended from the police force for using excessive force. He then gathers team members: Park Woong Chul who is a gangster, Lee Jung Moon who is the youngest serial killer with extraordinary intelligence and Jung Tae Soo who is a contract killer. Police Inspector Yoo Mi Young also joins the team and she tries to have these guys work as a team by dealing with them rationally and sometimes emotionally.
Style Unzipped	History	none	From the origins of the bikini, to the military significance of the pea coat and how the jockstrap was once considered a medical cure for kidney failure and insomnia – get ready to be entertained and surprised by the history of clothing and accessories we wear today in "Style Unzipped." Designers, celebrity stylists and fashion experts, including the likes of Dita Von Teese and Arianne Phillips, weigh in with commentary throughout the series.
The First 48: Bad Blood	Drama	none	"The First 48: Bad Blood" continues A&E's First 48 franchise as it's 8th installment of the series. Old cases are revisited and the Detectives on each case give updates as to their progress and current case status.
My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic	Adventure	none	"Get your muzzle out of those books and make some friends!" That's what Princess Celestia tells Twilight Sparkle. She may be the smartest unicorn in Equestria, but Twilight Sparkle gets an "incomplete" in friendship. There's more to life than learning magic, after all -- so she goes to Ponyville on a mission to make friends. There she meets five special ponies who take her on exciting adventures and teach her the most powerful magic of all ... the magic of friendship!
Donny!	Comedy	none	USA Network presents the original comedy series, "DONNY!", starring Donny Deutsch. The half-hour project takes a satirical look at wealth, the media, and modern romance through the eyes of Deutsch's fictionalized character, based on the real-life famed ad-man, single dad, and TV personality. From Executive Producers Banks Tarver and Ken Druckerman of Left/Right ("Odd Mom Out," "Mob Wives," "Small Town Security") and Deutsch, DONNY! is set to premiere this fall.
Six Degrees of Everything	Comedy	none	"Six Degrees of Everything" is a fast-paced, comedic show hosted by Benny and Rafi Fine (KIDS REACT), who spend each week proving that anything in the world — and we mean anything — can be connected in six degrees. Using every tool in their belt, the guys take viewers down the comedic rabbit hole, uncovering fascinating facts and connecting our world in hilarious, inventive ways.
Punk'd	Comedy	none	No one is safe, plain and simple. The hit prank reality TV show "Punk'd" gets a facelift as the new version takes viewers behind-the-scenes as the pranks are constructed. You'll not only see the pranks get executed, but you'll also see what happens when we select which celebs to get!
Road No. 1	Drama	none	Based on the events occurring around "Route 1", which lies between Seoul and Pyongyang. The story about Officer Lee Jang Woo who finds himself in a war that he is not prepared for in order to protect Soo Yeon, the woman he has known and loved since youth. However, he is able to put it past him and he displays extraordinary survival skills, friendship, cooperation and ideology under brutal war conditions. Soo Yeon awaits Jang Woo's return, but eventually gets engaged to Tae Ho. When Jang Woo returns alive, however, Tae Ho discovers Jang Woo and Soo Yeon's unbreakable bond and feels betrayed.
Triangle	Drama	none	When three brothers were very young, they lost their parents. The three brothers were then separated and lived apart for 20 years without knowing of each other. They then meet again unexpectedly and begin their relationship as brothers.Jang Dong-Soo (Lee Beom-Soo) is the oldest brother. He works as a detective.Jang Dong-Woo (Siwan) is the youngest brother. He was adopted by a rich family when he was a baby and became Yoon Yang-Ha. He is cynical and cold.
Heartless City	Action	none	Shi-Hyun grew up in an orphanage, before running away from there. He then made a living by working as a drug courier and picked up the nickname "Doctor's Son." He's now the boss of a mid-size gang. His drug supplier is a man known as Scale. Shi-Hyun has plans take over his position.Meanwhile, Hyeong-Min becomes the section chief of a special investigation unit. Their goal is to take down Scale, who killed an undercover officer. While trying to catch Scale, Hyeong-Min learns about Doctor's Son. Now, Hyeong-Min and his team go after Shi-Hyun.
Secret Love	Drama	none	A devoted woman makes the ultimate sacrifice for her boyfriend, only to learn that love doesn't always conquer all. Yoo Jeong is a sweet, upbeat person who has always stuck by her boyfriend, Ahn Do Hoon, all through school as he cared for a disabled father. But Do Hoon gets into a car accident that results in the death of a woman. Unable to face her boyfriend having to go to jail for a hit-and-run accident, the self-sacrificing Yoo Jeong takes the blame for the accident and serves time in prison in his place. Min Hyeok, a cold-hearted heir to a business empire, had just begun to open his heart to a woman when she is killed in the hit-and-run accident. Years later, he is engaged to Shin Se Yeon, a congressman's daughter. Can Yoo Jeong and Min Hyeok mend their wounded hearts and discover the real meaning of love?
Gary: Tank Commander	Comedy	none	This Comedy Unit production, follows the exploits of this flamboyant perma-tanned serviceman, who looks on his time in Iraq as a holiday and whose antics are more camp than Dogwood
Kokoda	War	none	This two-part documentary tells the story of the brutal World War II campaign fought between Australia and Japan in the green hell of the mountains of Papua New Guinea.Told from both the Japanese and Australian perspectives the series also explores the impact of the decisions of high command on the soldiers at the front line.Kokoda delves behind the myths of war to tell the story from both sides of the conflict, giving an authentic and comprehensive account of the desperate confusion of war, the intricate connections between the frontline soldiers and military high command, and the political agendas that influenced the campaign and continue to percolate through contemporary Australian society.To tell the story with authenticity, the Kokoda film crew walked and filmed the length of the Kokoda Track, capturing for the first time the visceral nature of the terrain and the Owen Stanley Mountains.The series follows in the footsteps of Australia's ill-equipped and poorly trained conscripts, the ‘chocolate soldiers' and the battled hardened troops of the Australian Imperial Forces, walking the treacherous 98-kilometre jungle trail from Port Moresby to Kokoda, then on to the blood-stained battlegrounds of Gona, Buna and Sanananda.The documentary includes interviews with Australian and Japanese veterans and historians, letters to loved ones, previously unpublished documents, archival footage, footage from the track and dramatisations in Australia and Papua New Guinea. The diaries of embedded war correspondents Okada Seizo and Chester Wilmot paint an intimate portrait of how soldiers on both sides felt during the battles.Kokoda introduces the key commanders, including controversial American General Douglas MacArthur, Australia's General Sir Thomas Blamey, and Japanese Commander Tomitaro Horii, for whom defeat in a campaign that had cost thousands of Japanese lives, was intolerable.Kokoda examines the Australian public's response to military campaigns – both then and now – and the myths that they engender.
Bayazet	Drama	1.0	Based on the Valentin Pikul's novel "Bayazet"
You're Beautiful	Drama	none	The management company of the idol group A.N.JELL insisted on adding a new singer to the group as the lead vocal, Tae Kyung's voice was hurting. However,the new member, Mi Nam, had to go to the States to repair a botched eye job just before signing the contract. His agent came up with the idea of having his twin sister, Mi Nyu,to stand in for him and pretend that she was her brother. The two of them grew up in an orphanage and Mi Nyu, who was all set to become a nun, agreed to this charade as she didn't want to spoil her brother's chance of fame which would make it easier to look for their mother.
BBQ Crawl	Cooking	none	Grab a napkin -- you're gonna need it. "BBQ Crawl" is a mouth-watering road trip that follows former world champion of pork Danielle Dimovski, aka "Diva Q," as she eats and competes her way through the American south.
Steampunk'd	DIY	none	Inspired by 19th century industrial steam-powered machinery, "Steampunk" is a retro-futuristic design movement seen in everything from fashion, to technology, to pop culture. In "STEAMPUNK'D", the contestants (also known as "Makers") work in teams and compete in a series of pressure-filled challenges designed to test their unique abilities to transform ordinary objects and fashion into creative masterpieces. Each week, one of the 10 Makers will be eliminated and the last one standing will take home the $100,000 grand prize.
American Rehab: Charleston	DIY	none	"American Rehab: Charleston" on the DIY Network is the newest of the renovation shows. Licensed contractor Trent Fasnacht is determined to renovate a 107-year-old Victorian country home in South Carolina that has fallen into a state of disrepair.
Akka	Drama	none	One million yen in elaborate fake bills that no one can tell are not the real deal were picked up by a homeless person. The bills begin to circulate like the blood flowing through blood vessels. These fake bills undermine the Japanese economy like a virus. In order to build a world that is not dominated by money, a plan to overturn the value of the root of money is launched. What is the fate of the man with such a tremendous plan? A millionaire, an undercover agent, community representative, and a genius appraiser that specializes in distinguishing counterfeit bills, speculation is placed on each. Everything leads to a conspiracy of dark organizations trying to destroy the Japanese economy. -- D-Addict
Corp + Anam	Drama	none	The series deals with the murky corners of life on the fringes of the law, and interrogates the frenzied role the media play in presenting human tragedies as consumable bite-size news. This is Irish-language crime drama with a heart of darkness.
Crimes of Passion	Drama	none	Based on the classic mystery novels by Maria Lang and starring Wallander's Ola Rapace, Crimes of Passion is a collection of stylish whodunnits set in post-war Sweden. The brainy and beautiful Puck is a university student obsessed with crime novels, so when she finds herself in the middle of mystery and murder, she's never short on ideas and insights. She's also in love with fellow academic Einar, who is as drawn to her as he is to medieval history. Together with Einar's childhood friend, Police Commissioner Christer, they witness the passions, betrayals and intrigue in the lives of respectable and seemingly quiet-living Swedes. Crimes of Passion is set in the magical beauty of the lake region of Bergslagen in south central Sweden. It may be far north on the globe, but given their steamy passions and secret lives, there's nothing chilly about these characters from Lang's famous
My Grandmother's Ravioli	Cooking	none	Join the very funny Mo Rocca as he learns to cook and discover treasured family recipes and stories from grandparents in their kitchens across the country in "My Grandmother's Ravioli". From a Filipino grandmother's Paella, a Romanian grandfather's Grilled Sausages to Italian born Pop's Focaccia and Rabbit Cacciatore, it's a delicious hour celebrating the American melting pot of food, family and fun. (
Difficult People	Comedy	7.0	"Difficult People" hails from the comedic minds of Julie Klausner (Ugly Americans) and Billy Eichner (Emmy-nominated Billy on the Streets), who star as themselves. As best friends living in New York City, their typical, irreverent behavior lands them in some very awkward situations.
The Emperor's Cook	Drama	none	Tokuzo Akiyama (Takeru Satoh) is a young man living in a rural area. One day, he eats cutlet. That experience leads him to become a cook for western style food. He first goes to Tokyo and then Paris, France to learn about the culinary arts. Fighting against discrimination and prejudice, he becomes a chef at the Hotel Ritz in Paris, France. At the age of 26, he becomes the chef for the Emperor of Japan.
The Empress of China	Drama	none	The Empress of China is a Chinese television drama based on events in 7th and 8th-century Tang dynasty, starring producer Fan Bingbing as the titular character Wu Zetian—the only woman in Chinese history to rule as an emperor.
Tiger Cubs 2	Drama	none	The Special Duties Unit (SDU), led by Joe Ma and consisting of team members Him Law, Oscar Leung and Mandy Wong, continue to work coherently together. Still, new challenges constantly come up, including having to adjust to the different working style of the new Chief Inspector (Timmy Hung). During one particular hostage rescue mission, Joe encounters Linda Chung, an undercover agent who is being chased by the triads. Her resourcefulness and bravery leaves a deep impression on Joe. He helps her return to the Criminal Intelligence Bureau (CIB) and they gradually develop romantic feelings. But Joe is uneasy about Linda's deceptive behaviour, as if she is hiding a secret. In addition, his leadership of the SDU is questioned when a team member is reprimanded after a failed mission. Seeing the growing internal strife, Joe decides to resign. Meanwhile, Linda resorts to any tactic to find the person who betrayed her as an undercover, including using intelligence reports which put the SDU team at risk. Faced with so many imminent threats, how will Joe and the SDU team work together to solve these problems?
The Bride Mask	Drama	none	Bridal Mask (Gaksital) is a famous manhwa set in the 1930s during the Japanese occupation. The hero, Lee Kang-to, is known as 'Gaksital' because he wears a mask to hide his face — one of those traditional play masks, specifically the rosy-cheeked one reserved for the female role, aka the bride. He's an unassuming young man in real life, but when he dons his superhero mask, he fights injustice and rights wrongs during one of the darkest periods of Korea's history.
ThirTEEN Terrors	Drama	none	Every school has a past that people want to be concealed. There are things that happened that people don't want to talk about. There are students whom people want to forget. And there are secrets waiting for the day that they're revealed.
WWE PPV on WWE Network	Drama	none	Beginning with the 2014 Extreme Rules Pay-Per-View on 4 May 2014 the WWE began airing all of their Wrestling Pay-Per-Views exclusively on the WWE Network. Subscribers who pay the $9.95 monthly fee will be able to view any Pay-Per-Views past, present and in the future exclusively on the WWE Network at no additional charge as long as their monthly fees are paid up-to-date.
Nowhere to Hide	Drama	none	Investigation Discovery's compelling new crime and justice series "NOWHERE TO HIDE" follows New York City private investigator extraordinaire, Steven Rambam, as he recounts the most dramatic stories from his extensive casebook. Just when criminals think they have escaped the long arm of the law, the world-renowned PI finds them and brings them to justice. Driven by his determination to uncover the truth, Rambam will stop at nothing – from utilizing the help of legendary rock band KISS to capture a charlatan who left his wife destitute, to solving the mystery of the Infamous ‘Prince of Austria' by surrendering to his own arrest! NOWHERE TO HIDE premieres Monday, August 4 at 10/9c on Investigation Discovery.
Unsealed: Alien Files	Drama	none	Abductions, invasions, and conspiracies about aliens surround our world every day, from nightly news to video games to the latest box office hit. Delving into the "photoshopping" of space, the value of Wikileaks, and the role social media plays in alien stories, "Unsealed: Alien Files" offers a unique 360 degree look at how alien interaction may have affected our past, and how it will affect our future.
Pontoon Payday	Comedy	none	Set sail with the first-ever game show on a boat. Throughout the half-hour series of "Pontoon Payday", unsuspecting lake-goers are plucked from their party boats to suddenly find themselves competing on a floating game show hosted by comedian Frank Nicotero. If they can answer a few questions correctly, they'll win quick cash to keep their party afloat. But get the questions wrong, and they're tossed overboard with only their pride.
Beach Bites with Katie Lee	Cooking	none	From St. Thomas to Mackinac Island, Michigan to Montauk, New York, Katie Lee is beach hopping to find the local take on the best treats these islands have to offer. She samples some fresh Ahi Tuna Nachos, helps cook a one of a kind Caribbean Stewed Chicken, kayaks to shore for a burger with a unique twist and enjoys Oyster Escabeche, with oysters she helped harvest. Plus, there's always time for cocktails, sweet treats, and more on this island hopping adventure on "Beach Bites with Katie Lee"!
Life in Squares	Drama	none	The three-part seriel centres on the close and often fraught relationship between sisters, Vanessa Bell and Virginia Woolf, and Vanessa's sexually complicated alliance with gay artist Duncan Grant as they, and their group of like-minded friends, navigate their way through love, sex and artistic life through the first half of the 20th century.
Marks no Yama	Drama	none	20 years ago a half-frozen boy was rescuded in the mountains after his parents apparent sucide. He gets released from a mental institution and his girlfriend notices him talking about a dark mountain shadow. Meanwhile a murder happens in a residential area in Tokyo. Assistant Inspector Goda Yuichiro takes on the investigation. Soon an official of the Ministery of Justice gets murdered in a similar fashion pointing towards a serial killer. Yet, Goda receives a strange order from above: he's not to further investigate in this direction. He senses a huge mystery behind the case and starts chasing after the psychopath killer called Marks. Somehow a journalist's research about a corrupt construction magnate and another unsolved murder that happend in the mountains 13 years ago are also linked to the case.
All Men Are Brothers	Drama	none	Toward the end of Northern Song Dynasty, the government was deeply corrupted, and the oppressed citizens finally rebelled. A hundred and eight men and women fought against the government and took their last stand in a place called Liangshan
Yellow Boots	Drama	none	A drama about the revenge of a woman who lost everything after being framed for a crime.
Yaksha	Drama	none	Set in a tumultuous period where the political scene is murky and various people fought to gain power and the throne, the young king will do anything to strengthen his shaky position in court. His childhood friend Baek Rok leads a secret military force loyal to the king, called the "Black Cloud Swords." Baek Rok lives for his king, his brother Baek Kyul and his lover Jung Yeon, but when his ambitious brother betrays him and leads him into a trap, he finds himself on the run. He becomes a slave and gladiator, eventually returning to Joseon to seek revenge.
Friend, Our Legend	Drama	none	Friend, Our Legend is a drama adaptation of the 2001 gangster classic film "Friend" both by the same director, Kwak Kyung Taek. This drama is a gritty, brilliant, star-studded tale of four childhood friends who grow up to become enemies and bitter rivals. Pretty-boy actor Hyun Bin, turning increasingly to "serious" dramas ever since his breakout role in the smash hit My Name is Kim Sam-Soon, brings his thespian skills to a new role as a hardened mobster, a role legendized by Jang Dong Gun in the film.Lee Joon Suk (Kim Min Joon of Tazza), Han Dong Soo (Hyun Bin), Jung Sang Taek (Suh Do Young of Spring Waltz) and Lee Shi Un (Kim Joong Ho) grow up together on the harsh streets of 70s and 80s Busan. Joon Suk and Han Dong Soo soon emerge as leaders, and the four spend every waking moment together, protecting each other, and grow up to be light-hearted teenage delinquents with a distaste for authority.Fast-forward years later, and that distaste for authority remains, but in a much more dangerous form; now Joon Suk and Dong Soo are leaders of rival mob gangs, and Sang Taek and Joong Ho are caught up in a life of crime. Caught between childhood ties and current loyalties, each one will have to choose whether or not to betray their childhood friends. Min Jin Hye of How to Meet a Perfect Neighbour co-stars as Choi Jin Sook, a woman who knew them all as children, and now watches them tear each other apart.Tightly written and gripping, Friend, Our Legend is a spare, elegant drama that effortlessly emerges as a classic gangster story, just as its film counterpart has done. It is highlighted by compelling performances and a beautiful attention to detail. Don't miss out on this tragic epic.
Ed Stafford: Into The Unknown	Adventure	none	ED STAFFORD: INTO THE UNKNOWN, sees Ed on a mission to investigate the planet's newest mysteries. With photographs of Earth from the International Space Station and spy satellites showing strange and unexplained markings in some some of the most remote and inaccessible places on the planet, Ed will set out to find the target, and solve the riddle. From investigating gigantic white lines popping up on satellite images in remote West Papua to a strange pattern of circular dots in the middle of the Danakil Desert, Each astonishing image captures something hard to classify, previously unseen or anomalous. Ed will call on all of his expertise in extreme terrain and climate to uncover the truth.
Hanamoyu	Drama	none	Fumi (Mao Inoue) becomes Genzui Kusaka's wife. During the turbulent times of the closing days for the Tokugawa shogunate, she lives positively and tries to keep up Shoin Yoshida's will. Shoin Yoshida is her older brother and intellectual.
The Heroic Legend of Arslan	Action	none	In the prosperous kingdom of Pars lies the Royal Capital of Ecbatana, a city of splendor and wonder, ruled by the undefeated and fearsome King Andragoras. Arslan is the young and curious prince of Pars who, despite his best efforts, doesn't seem to have what it takes to be a proper king like his father. At the age of 14, Arslan goes to his first battle and loses everything as the blood-soaked mist of war gives way to scorching flames, bringing him to face the demise of his once glorious kingdom. However, it is Arslan's destiny to be a ruler, and despite the trials that face him, he must now embark on a journey to reclaim his fallen kingdom.
Hwajung	Drama	none	Princess Jungmyung was the only direct descendant of King Seonjo still alive and when she was born, her birth was celebrated around the palace. She had the sweetest smile a baby could have. Queen Inmok was relieved that she had a baby girl instead of a boy. According to the seer Nam Sa-go, the baby she carried would become the true ruler of the Joseon Dynasty, a king of kings and having a princess proved the prophecy to be wrong. But the turbulent times took a heavy toll on Princess Jungmyung. Upon the death of King Seonjo, Gwanghae ascended the throne and his first order of business was to eliminate Prince Yeongchang and banish Queen Inmok from the palace. Then his next target was Princess Jungmyung. When Inmok learned that her daughter's life was in danger, she sent her into hiding. But assassins tracked Jungmyung down. Through the heroic sacrifice of her bodyguard, Jungmyung was put on a boat that sailed adrift in the sea. Meanwhile the bodyguard and nanny set their boat ablaze and died to fool the assassins. Jungmyung witnessed her nanny and bodyguard consumed by the flames. Adrift on the boat, Jungmyung lost consciousness and was picked up by a merchant boat crossing to Dejima (出島) in Japan. She was sold as slave. To survive in the hostile environment she hid the fact that she was a princess. She also vanquished her memories of ever being a princess so that she could focus on how to get revenge. Posing as a boy, Jungmyung worked as a laborer in the sulfur mine. But she discovered hope in the depths of her despair. It was a friendship between Ja-gyeong that helped her cling to life. But she never lost her focus on returning to Joseon one day and brings the downfall of Gwanghae who had taken everything away from her. Then an opportunity arose. She began peddling information and secrets in the sulfur mines. Leveraging her strategic location, she followed the Joseon delegation visiting Japan back to Joseon. Finally, her dream to return to Joseon had come true…
Ace of Diamond	Anime	none	A meeting with catcher Kazuya Miyuki changed the 15-year-old Eijun Sawamura's life. He said goodbye to all his friends and knocked upon the door of Seidou, a prestigious baseball school, intent on testing his own strength. There, he met many proud baseball players who were betting everything on the sport! A classic tale, yet new and fresh
Trair e Coçar é Só Começar	Comedy	none	Success in the theater for over 30 years, "Betray And Scratching is Only Getting" comes to TV in the new series of Brazilian television Multishow. With the play script creator, Marcos Caruso, the series tells the story of bumbling maid Olímpia (Cacau Protásio) who is forced to be divided between his two newly separated bosses, Inês (Marcia Cabrita) and Eduardo (Cássio Scapin) . Decide to unite the couple, she will prepare several confusions with the help of Lígia (Dani Valente), Cristiano (Marcelo Flores), Zilda (Gorete Miracles) and Joel (Vinícius Marins).
Koinaka	Drama	none	Aoi Miura (Sota Fukushi) was born and grew up in Toyama Prefecture. He has an indecisive personality and does not like summer. He was the focal member of the high school swimming team, but he now works as an assistant at a small architectural office in Tokyo. One summer day, he meets his childhood friend and first love Akari Serizawa. During their school days they spent everyday hanging out together until the fireworks night in their 3rd year of high school. That night, Akari suddenly disappeared. Now, Akari has a man named Aoi.
The Fighting Season	War	none	The Fighting Season is a docuseries about the war in Afghanistan produced by Ricky Schroder Productions. a The six episode docuseries was picked up by DirectTV for a premiere on 19 May 2015
Indecent Proposal	Drama	none	"INDECENT PROPOSAL" tells the stories of people at the very moment they're confronted with a life-altering moral dilemma. Do they give up their dreams to remain on a moral high road? Or do they lose themselves on their personal path to success? With every decision comes a consequence - no matter what.
Austin & Ally	Comedy	none	This multi-camera comedy series follows the partnership between two polar opposites -- Austin, an extroverted musician/singer, and Ally, a brilliant yet shy songwriter -- and their two best friends, Trish and Dez. Unbeknownst to Ally, Austin and Dez "borrow" one of her songs, record it, create a video and post it on the Internet, after which it and Austin become an overnight sensation. When Trish convinces Ally to tell the world she wrote the song, Austin pleads with her to write another hit for him. Instead, the two combine their talents to create a true musical tour-de-force.
Dateline On ID	Drama	none	What makes average people cross the line to commit murder? Sometimes the answer is simple, while other times the answers are never found. "Dateline on ID" goes behind the headlines to investigate baffling crimes and compelling real-life dramas with NBC host Lester Holt.
Liv & Maddie	Drama	none	The series follows 16-year-old identical twin sisters Liv, a Hollywood star who has returned home to Wisconsin, and Maddie, a hometown basketball star, as they experience the highs and lows of high school, bothersome brothers and each other's differences.
Deadline: Crime with Tamron Hall	Drama	none	Journalist Tamron Hall knows first-hand the effect of violent crime, as her older sister was a murder victim in a case that is still officially unsolved. In each one-hour episode, Hall is joined by a core team of correspondents with extensive knowledge of law enforcement, to go beyond the headlines and explore not only what happened, but why it happened.
Blog Cabin	DIY	none	DIY Network's Blog Cabin, the first-ever interactive home-building television series, announces the town of Winter Haven, Fla. as the location for the series' eighth season. Beginning in January 2014, DIY Network and DIYNetwork.com invite viewers nationwide to help renovate a 1920s lakeside home by casting their online votes to select the home's new design features. The results of the home's transformation will be featured in the new season of Blog Cabin premiering in July 2014, offering a chance for one lucky viewer to win the ultimate vacation getaway.
Black Sheep Squadron	Drama	none	In World War II Marine Corps Major Greg 'Pappy' Boyington commanded a squadron of fighter pilots. They were a collection of misfits and screwballs who became the terrors of the South Pacific. They were known as the Black Sheep.
Rachael Ray's Kids Cookoff	Cooking	none	Host Rachael Ray is on the hunt for the best rising chefs in the country, who also happen to be extraordinarily talented kids on "Rachael Ray's Kids Cookoff". All-star chefs and surprise celebrity guests join Rachael in this special six-episode series as they mentor and guide these young competitors through tough cooking challenges and high-pressure obstacles. The junior chef who makes the cut will win his or her very own series on FoodNetwork.com and the title of Kids Cook-Off Champion.
Changi	Drama	none	In times of war, humour is hardly a defence, but it was the thing that got six young men through the humiliation and disgrace of surrender and the helplessness of incarceration in the notorious WWll Japanese Prison Camp called Changi. With its sudden shifts from past to present, from light-hearted camaraderie to moments of surreal terror, from intense reality to dream fantasy, Changi is a unique drama that captures the horrors of war, the pain of memory and the power of laughter
Killer Instinct with Chris Hansen	Drama	none	"Who, what, where, why and when?" are the essential questions at the heart of every homicide investigation – for detectives but also for journalists chasing the 360-degree story. Investigative correspondent Chris Hansen knows the routine all too well, having won eight Emmy awards for investigative reporting, outstanding coverage of a news story and outstanding coverage of breaking news. Now, in Investigation Discovery's all-new newsmagazine "KILLER INSTINCT WITH CHRIS HANSEN", he brings his unrivaled journalistic skills and criminal insight to an enthralling new series, digging deep into the depths of a killer's mind and bringing life to some of America's most chilling and heart-wrenching homicide cases. KILLER INSTINCT WITH CHRIS HANSEN premieres on Monday, August 17 at 10/9c only on Investigation Discovery
Dresden	Drama	none	At a Dresden hospital in 1945, nurse Anna Mauth (Felicitas Woll) cares for badly injured British pilot Robert Newman (John Light), whom Anna believes to be a German deserter. As Allied forces close in, Anna grows close to Robert despite her engagement to Dr. Alexander Wenninger (Benjamin Sadler).
De Enclave	Drama	none	Three-part drama series about the role the war of Srebrenica and the fall of the enclave plays in the lives of three people eight years later, who were involved in the war: Dutchbattolk Ibro Hadzic, Darko Bokan sergeant of the Bosnian Serb army, who are on trial in front of the Yugoslavia war crimes tribunal, and the late Defense Minister George Terhoef.
Guai Xia Yi Zhi Mei	Action	none	Li Gexiao is a warrior and has intelligence matching his skills. He was previously a high ranking marshal with great law enforcement authority. However after his enemy framed him with a crime he did not commit and executed his family, the former marshal was forced to become a fugitive. Years later, he came out of hiding to help a former colleague recover a cargo of stolen gold for disaster relief. He and three chivalrous strangers, thief Yan Sanniang, grifter He Xiaomei, and strongman Chai Hu, unite to form a heroic band of masked vigilantes called "Yi Zhi Mei", who rob the rich and corrupt to help the poor and helpless, always leaving a plum flower at the scene as their calling card. In the jianghu, they are also known to fight injustice, corruption and oppression by the government.
Misfit Garage: Fired Up	DIY	none	"Misfit Garage: Fired Up" is a series that airs Extended Episodes with extra information and unseen footage from the show "Misfit Garage" that also airs on the Discovery Channel.
Below Deck	Comedy	none	The upstairs and downstairs worlds collide when this young and single crew of "yachties" live, love and work together on board a luxurious mega yacht while tending to the ever-changing needs of their wealthy, demanding charter guests on "Below Deck".
Taco Trip	Cooking	none	For Chef Aarón Sánchez, Mexican food is love. And tacos? Well, they're his favorite. In "Taco Trip", Chef Aarón is hosting the biggest and best taco party ever! From Miami to Los Angeles, Aaron is cranking up the mariachi and visiting the hottest taco joints the United States has to offer. Along the way Aarón will be on the lookout for inspiration for his own recipes, and he might end up doing some cooking himself. After all, to Aarón, spreading the love means making tacos, not just eating them.
Ultimate Airport Dubai	Travel	none	Less than 55 years ago, Dubai International Airport was a vast desert of sand. Today, it is a modern mecca of international air travel. With a staggering 344,000 flights, 57 million passengers and 2 million tons of cargo flying in and out each year, it is the worlds third busiest airport for international passengers. In Ultimate Airport Dubai, step behind-the-scenes of Dubai Internationals three massive terminals, including Terminal 3 the largest building on earth by floor space, measuring 359 football pitches in size! With unprecedented access to all facets of this mega facility, the series follows some of the 60,000 staff working hard to keep it safe, secure, and on schedule.
Harbor Command	Action	none	Harbor Command is an American police series that was syndicated from October 11, 1957, to July 4, 1958. The series stars Wendell Corey as Captain Ralph Baxter, an officer of the Harbor Police of a large coastal city (the city is unnamed, but much of the series was filmed in San Francisco and San Diego). The series was produced by Ziv Television Programs, with the assistance of the law enforcement arms of Harbor and Port Authorities across the country.
Free Agents	Comedy	none	This new six-part comedy stars Stephen Mangan, Sharon Horgan and Anthony Head.Alex is a talent agent suffering the emotional fall-out from his divorce. Helen, his fellow agent, has the office next to him and is also in pain; overcome with grief from a recent bereavement. Deluded Alex believes they are perfect for one another. Helen thinks quite the opposite. Yes she's slept with him – twice – but there is absolutely no way she is doing it again... Free Agents depicts a world in which the agents' boss, their clients, friends, relatives, accountants and even ex-girlfriends are as bizarrely dysfunctional as Alex and Helen themselves. This is a comedy about an on-(mostly)-off, romance between two people who might just have a positive future together if they can shake off their pasts.
The Last Enemy	Drama	10.0	A man whose search for the truth about his brother's death catapults him into an international conspiracy - and a passionate love affair. The Last Enemy takes an arresting and compelling look at how technology could transform Britain into a surveillance society - threatening human relationships and destroying trust.
To the Ends of the Earth	Drama	none	In 1812, young British aristocrat Edmund Talbot travels by ship to Australia, and learns more about himself and about life than he had ever bargained for
The Hollow Crown	Drama	none	The Hollow Crown brings together four filmed adaptations of Shakespeare's History Plays - Richard II, Henry IV parts 1 and 2, and Henry V. Starting in the year 1399, this continuous story of monarchy follows events during sixteen years of dynastic and political power play. Kings, with their families and followers, are threatened by rebellion and conflict. The story takes us from the Royal Court at Westminster to battlefields in England and France. These rich films are woven with the finest of Shakespeare's poetry and are filmed in the architecture and landscape of the period.
Tess of the D'Urbervilles	Drama	none	The story of Tess Durbeyfield, a low-born country girl whose family find they have noble connections.
Car Warriors	Drama	none	Two teams, two cars, 72 hours. That's the basic premise for a new action-packed custom-car competition, Car Warriors, that brings the highest levels of automotive expertise together for a non-stop battle of artistry and craftsmanship. Each episode of "Car Warriors" lets viewers witness the fast-forward creation of custom performance cars by two eight-member teams of top-notch professionals – the Car Warriors All Stars vs. a variety of challenger teams – who take their projects from stripped-down shells to high-performance works of art. But there's a catch: each team has just 72 hours from the time they first lay eyes on the primered bodies until they roll out their beautiful custom cars that are ready for judging. That's 72 hours of round-the-clock, high-pressure car building.
In the Cut	Comedy	none	"In The Cut" is Bounce TV's all-new original comedy centered on Jay Weaver (Dorien Wilson), a barbershop owner trying to bond with the adult son he never knew he had. The drama and comedy comes in equal doses as Jay balances working alongside his wisecracking employees and his feisty ex-wife (Jackée Harry) running the beauty salon next door. Step right up for your turn in the chair – In The Cut!
The Hotwives of Orlando	Comedy	none	"The Hotwives of Orlando" is an on-going parody of one of the most popular franchises in reality television brings a cast of characters to the city of Orlando. We'll meet a batch of Hotwives – loving and clawing their way through with smiling faces because the Botox won't let them frown. Brace yourself for double the drama, triple the heartbreak, and seven times the fake boobs.
The Weekly Show	Comedy	none	"The Weekly Show" the network's take on "The Daily Show," starring the improv group "The Groundlings."
Unsung	Music	none	"Unsung" is a documentary series that takes a look at some of the top R&B and soul artists of the last several decades, many of whom are not household names. Narrated by actor Gary Anthony Williams, the NAACP Image Award-winning program features interviews with people who know the musicians well enough to tell the ups and downs of their careers. Episodes usually start with the story of an artist's upbringing before moving into the trials and tribulations faced as the subject searched for the big break early in his or her music career. The pinnacle of the performer's career plays out next, before a turning point that led to each one's career beginning a downward trend.
Unsung Hollywood	History	none	The very popular docu-series "Unsung Hollywood"will premiere Season 2 on Wednesday, February 11at8 PM/ETwith six all-new episodes. This season will chronicle milestones in television, film and four legendary performers who captured the attention of our nation and beyond. This season provides a behind-the-scenes look at the ground-breaking sitcom "A Different World," the storied career of actress Vivica A. Fox, legendary funnyman Redd Foxx, the rise of boundary-breaking comedian Sheryl Underwood, the revolutionary career of Richard Roundtree, including his iconic role as Shaft, and rounds out the season looking back at the cult classic "Baby Boy."Through exclusive footage, and in-depth revelations from industry insiders as well as family and friends, "Unsung Hollywood" continues to shed light on the groundbreaking film stars and productions that embodied a moment on the pop culture timeline.
Blood Relatives	Drama	none	From the outside, families seem like harmonious units in loving homes. But you don't necessarily know what secrets families are hiding from the outside world. This series, narrated by actress Brenda Strong, explores families hiding the most extreme of family secrets: murder. Each episode of "Blood Relatives" explores a death in a family, unraveling the motives of the family members, all of whom are potential suspects -- and potential victims. Sibling rivalries, disputes over family businesses and infidelity are some of the factors that lead to the families' ultimate betrayals.
The Greatest Marriage	Drama	none	Cha Ki Young was once a successful news anchor living the good life, but everything changed when she defied expectations and became a single mother. Jo Eun Cha was also once a news anchor, but left his career to campaign unsuccessfully for office. Though nothing quite pans out as expected for either Ki Young or Eun Cha, they've yet to discover what fate has in store for them. Meanwhile, four other couples grapple with whether or not they can really have it all in modern romance.
MOCKpocalypse	Comedy	none	Making its debut in AXS TV's Thursday night comedy lineup is the half-hour comedic panel series, "MOCKpocalypse".This series features a panel of today's top comedians who provide their own humorous takes on the hottest topics and trends in the music industry. The series is the brainchild of acclaimed comedy quintet Dr. God, and is executive-produced by Dr. God founders Neil Garguilo and Dave Park.
Rock Legends	Music	none	Each 30-minute episode of "Rock Legends" focuses on one legendary act, examining the story of their lives and the impact they made on popular culture through in-depth interviews, archival footage, and live performances.
Shimmer and Shine	Comedy	none	This brand-new animated series follows the magical adventures of fraternal twin genies,"Shimmer & Shine", who unintentionally create chaos while attempting to grant wishes for their human best friend, Leah. The new series features an emotional-intelligence curriculum that highlights mistakes as an important avenue to learning and doing better next time.
Galaxy Quest	Comedy	none	"Galaxy Quest" is a small screen reboot of the 1999 sci-fi comedy film of the same name. The premise is that a cast from a since cancelled sci-fi TV series is drawn back together for real space adventures and plenty of fun along the way.
Gravity Falls Shorts	Comedy	none	"Gravity Falls Shorts" are 2-minute long animated features not seen in the normal 30-minute long episodes of "Gravity Falls".
Childhood's End	Drama	none	Written by Arthur C. Clarke and hailed as a revolutionary work of science fiction since its publishing in 1953, Childhood's Endfollows the peaceful alien invasion of Earth by the mysterious "Overlords," whose arrival begins decades of apparent utopia under indirect alien rule, at the cost of human identity and culture.
Home	Drama	none	"Home", from Jerry Bruckheimer TV and Warner Horizon, is a dramatic thriller that delves into the secrets lingering behind the façade of a seemingly idyllic suburban family. Rose Altman couldn't be happier: An accomplished designer with a successful business, the newly pregnant Rose is thriving in a wonderful life with her husband, Joe, a highly regarded prison psychologist, and enjoying being a stepmother to his two sons. But her image of her perfect family is shattered when she discovers long-buried secrets that threaten to destroy the very foundation of her life.
Luna	Drama	none	"Luna" is set in the year 2110 on the moon, which over the previous 60 years has been colonized and industrialized. It is controlled by five powerful, highly competitive dynastic corporate families (known as the Five Dragons) who run their various business enterprises with an iron fist in a near-feudal society. The moon, under the control of the Five Dragons, is a lucrative source of valuable resources such as Helium-3, carbon, water ice and rare metals, which are exported back to Earth for huge profits.Forty years ago, Adriana wrested control of the moon's lucrative Helium-3 industry from the powerful Mackenzie Metal corporation. Now, in the twilight of her life, Adriana finds her corporation, Corta Helio, surrounded by the many enemies she made during her meteoric rise. If the Corta family is to survive, Adriana's five children must defend their mother's empire from her many enemies… and each other.
Loving Day	Comedy	none	"Loving Day" offers a satirical look at a biracial man's experiences with race, identity and fatherhood. It tells the story of Warren Duffy, an Irish/African-American living in Wales who returns to America after his comic book store closes, his marriage falls apart and his father dies. Now in possession of his late father's deteriorated Philadelphia mansion – which might be haunted – a new surprise emerges: Duffy learns he has a teenage daughter who thinks she's white. Spinning from these upheavals and revelations, Duffy sets off to remake his life with a reluctant daughter in tow and a litany of absurdly funny moments together as they bond over their newfound relationship and discoveries of their individual cultural identities.
Say It to My Face	Cooking	none	Never before have faceless online critics had so much power over the success or failure of restaurants. A chef can be on their game 99% of the time, but one mistake with one disgruntled customer, and they're facing an uphill battle to get diners back through the doors. In "Say It To My Face!", restaurants and critics meet face-to-face, for the first time, to air grievances. With the mentorship of chef co-hosts, Andrew Gruel and Anthony Dispensa, each owner and chef will make-over their restaurant. From the menu, to the décor and staffing – they will look to elevate their business in hopes that their toughest online critics will change their reviews, while helping to encourage new customers to come through the door.With over 18 years in the culinary business, Andrew is the CEO and Founder of Slapfish Restaurant Group, and Anthony is the West Coast Director of Operations for the restaurant group. A proponent in the power of social media when it comes to food and dining, Andrew personally responds to negative online reviews for his own restaurant business. From first-hand experience, Andrew and Anthony will help owners and chefs learn that listening to customer's criticism, while having an open mind, will prove to be beneficial in salvaging a restaurant's reputation before it's too late.
Hoff the Record	Comedy	none	Shot in the style of a documentary, the semi-improvised comedy Hoff The Record follows TV legend David Hasselhoff - playing a highly fictionalised version of himself.It's been thirty years since he rose to worldwide fame in Baywatch and Knight Rider and things have since gone a little stale for The Hoff. After five divorces and some misguided professional decisions, The Hoff is in the UK ready to star in a new independent film that could reboot his flagging career. But alarm bells start to ring when he gets the low budget treatment on arrival from the US.As his attempts at everything from fronting a charity to becoming a global peacemaker fall into disarray, can The Hoff get his career back on track and make sense of his increasingly surreal life?
Taskmaster	Comedy	none	Greg Davies is the Taskmaster, and with the help of his ever-loyal assistant Alex Horne, they will set out to test the wiles, wit, wisdom and skills of five hyper-competitive comedians; Frank Skinner, Josh Widdicombe, Roisin Conaty, Tim Key and Romesh Ranganathan. Who will be crowned the Taskmaster champion in this brand new game show?
Would I Lie To You?	Comedy	none	A comedic panel show featuring team captains Lee Mack and David Mitchell plus two guests per side, hosted by Rob Brydon (formerly Angus Deayton).Each person must reveal embarrassing facts and outrageous lies during a series of different rounds including "Ring Of Truth", "This Is My..." and "Quickfire Lies". It is up to the opposing team to tell tall tales from fantastic facts.
Cockroaches	Comedy	none	Cockroaches is a post-apocalyptic romantic-comedy about what happens after a nuclear holocaust. It's about those things that can survive anything: laziness, boredom, ex-boyfriends who are still stupid. And love.
Big School	Comedy	none	Set in an urban secondary school, Big School is a comedy about a dysfunctional staff room, unrequited love and interactive white boards.
Dave Gorman: Modern Life is Goodish	Comedy	none	Dave Gorman performs a series of witty stand-up shows, exclusive to Dave. The bearded wonder takes a sideways look at the messages we receive every day.
Genius	Comedy	none	Comedy series where Dave Gorman and a celebrity guest chew over the ridiculous, unworkable but sometimes genius inventions, schemes and policies pitched by members of the public
Tamiou	Drama	none	One day, the current prime minister of Japan, Muto Taizan, and his useless son, Sho, suddenly discover that they have switched bodies. With no known cause or solution at hand, Sho reluctantly ends up appearing in the Diet on his father's behalf. But he completely cannot follow the deliberations as well as the questions and answers because it has been his routine to skip his studies. He is also repeatedly caught making childish responses or misreading kanji in documents. However, untainted by the adult world, Sho's straightforward opinions and genuine feelings start to mobilise the Diet and the public. On the other hand, Taizan has to lead the life of a university student and search for a job on behalf of his son, but with the brains of a prime minister. He refutes arrogant interviewers with his overwhelming knowledge and debating skills. Although Taizan wins the war of words, he is an absolute failure in the interviews itself. Furthermore, several peculiar girls whom Sho has had relationships with appear and makes Taizan more bewildered
Twenty Again	Comedy	none	Due to an unplanned pregnancy, Ha No Ra married young and dropped out of school. But after two decades as a housewife, she finally gets the chance to experience college, alongside her 20-year-old son Kim Min Soo and his girlfriend Oh Hye Mi. Further complicating things, No Ra already has a strained student-teacher relationship, as her husband Kim Woo Chul and her first love Cha Hyun Suk wind up being her professors.
Attic Gold	DIY	none	In "Attic Gold" husband and wife picker/appraiser team Eric and Michelle Myers clean out junk-filled New England attics looking for hidden treasures. They'll clean the space for free, but they get to keep what they find. And in these old Colonial houses, there's no telling what's hidden behind the rafters, from valuable vintage toys to mint-condition collectibles. After they pick the place clean, they transform the attic into a bright new space the whole family can enjoy.
The Missing Evidence	Drama	none	Who is Jack the Ripper? Why are planes vanishing over Nevada? How did Marilyn Monroe really die? What is the truth behind Bigfoot and the Loch Ness Monster? Do we know all there is to know about the collapse of the Twin Towers? "The Missing Evidence" investigates compelling testimonies and explosive accusations surrounding history's great mysteries and legends. By using cutting-edge technology and analytics, we examine data and eyewitness accounts in search of the missing evidence that will finally separate reality from mystery.
Heer & Meester	Drama	none	A television series about a charming, voluntary private detective who chases criminals and in the process tries to find himself.
Robson's Extreme Fishing Challenge	Travel	none	Robson's Extreme Fishing Challenge follows Robson Green as he undertakes a round-the-world trip to experience some of the most extreme fishing destinations. Each week he also challenges local experts to five rounds of angling to see who can catch the biggest fish.
Giada in Italy	Cooking	none	In "Giada in Italy" follow Giada De Laurentiis back to her birthplace for an extended holiday, as she revisits family, friends and the flavors that inspire her life's work. Whether digging into her grandmother's ancient recipe book with Aunt Raffy, exploring the site of her grandfather's former pasta factory, inspiring her to make homemade noodles "the old fashioned way," or cheering on and then making a California-inspired feast for her uncle's soccer team, this trip is all about the bounty and beauty of Italy, enjoyed with friends and family.
Holy & Hungry	Cooking	none	Along every road, in little towns and big cities, you'll find amazing places and people whose love for cooking is combined with a profound passion for their faith. In this series hosted by Emmy Award-winning comedian, actress and author Sherri Shepherd, these good people will share their recipes, open their hearts and welcome Sherri into their fun- and food-filled worlds as she enters the kingdom of "Holy & Hungry".
Spun Out	Comedy	6.0	Failed writer Beckett Ryan joins DLPR, a public relations agency staffed with people who can spin everyone's problems but their own. From the eccentric company figurehead Dave and his insecure daughter Stephanie, to PR shark Nelson and Dave's ever-loyal assistant Bryce, the DLPR office has no shortage of personality. No matter how bizarre the cases are that the agency takes on, they pale in comparison to the workplace romances, rivalries, personal successes, and often hilarious failures of the close-knit and dysfunctional colleagues at DLPR.
Captain Cook: Obsession and Discovery	Drama	none	A four-part documentary series which traces the private and professional life of Britain's greatest sailor, examining his triumphs and defeats, his hopes and disappointments, and the unlikely rise to social prominence of a man born into rural poverty.
České století	Drama	none	The Czech Century is a series mapping key events of Czech history in 20th century.
Taking the Flak	Comedy	none	An acerbic, authentic and caustic comedy drama that covers the entire progress of a small African war, as seen through the eyes of a team of journalists sending back the nightly reports for the BBC News at Ten.Taking the Flak is a comedy drama about how journalists in war zones live in a state of perpetual danger not just from bombs but from disease, dysentery, bedbugs, bugged beds, their colleagues, their competitors and their loved ones, who are out of sight and out of mind. If they can't get themselves embedded with the army, they'll get embedded with each other.The team includes the smooth, veteran correspondent; the harassed, but infinitely resourceful, producer; and the green and gauche rookie stringer, dropped into a hotel and forced to choose between a room on 'the shooting side' and 'the mortar side'.Football-mad boy soldiers, corrupt car dealers, intestinal discomfort, unexploded landmines, old flames, impromptu hostage situations, YouTube viral videos and colossal egos all combust under the African sun. There is a story to be told in Karibu - but who will get to tell it?
Training Day	Drama	none	"Training Day" is a small screen take on Antoine Fuqua's 2001 feature about a rookie LAPD cop who goes on a day-long training course with a rogue detective from narcotics.
Stranger Things	Drama	none	"Stranger Things" (originally titled Montauk) is a love letter to the '80s classics that captivated a generation, the series is set in 1980 Montauk, Long Island, where a young boy vanishes into thin air. As friends, family and local police search for answers, they are drawn into an extraordinary mystery involving top-secret government experiments, terrifying supernatural forces and one very strange little girl.
The First 48: Killer Confessions	Drama	none	"The First 48: Killer Confessions" continues A&E's First 48 franchise. Old cases are revisited and the Detectives on each case give updates as to their progress.
The Dance in the Sky	Drama	none	This drama will depict a serious love story. These days love is taken for granted and the purity of love is often secondary on the list. However, for anyone that has experienced true love they will understand the depths and to-the-core experience love can bring. Some will risk their lives, while others will walk away… The Dance In The Sky revolves around the story of love and revenge between four characters. Some will undergo great sacrifice for their love, some will fight to the death, and some will seek revenge.
The Shannara Chronicles	Drama	none	A young Healer armed with an unpredictable magic guides a runaway Elf in her perilous quest to save the peoples of the Four Lands from an age-old Demon scourge.
The Master's Sun	Comedy	none	The story revolves around a woman who can see ghosts and a man who tries to protect her, and is described as a drama with horror and romantic elements infused together. So Ji Sub plays the miserly, greedy, and conceited CEO Joo Joong Won, who measures all human relationships through money. Gong Hyo Jin will play the melancholy and tearful assistant Tae Gong Shil, who is able to see ghosts after an accident and thus suffers from insomnia. She lives a very reclusive and closed-off life due to her ability. The story is being touted as "soul healing" drama that brings together very different types of people: one who can see and hear things that no one else in the world can and another who only hears and see things he wants too. As Joo Joong Won starts to believe in Tae Gong Shil's claim of being able to see ghosts, these two people will grow together in faith and in character.
Ridge Reaper	Drama	none	Under Armour Presents "Ridge Reaper" follows Jason Carter and the Under Armour team as they hunt down the biggest game in western North America. They will hunt in the most extreme conditions and expose themselves to the harshest environments as they relentlessly pursue some of the largest big game trophies in the vast and open expanses of western North America.
Puffin Rock	Children	none	Life is sweet on beautiful "Puffin Rock", where puffling Oona, her baby brother Baba and their pals learn about nature, friendship and family.
Meiden van de Herengracht	Drama	none	Three best friends are trying to combine their busy careers with their turbulent life. The glamour of these powerwomen in the capital is not always that easy. Hanna runs a fashion brand, but her last collection was a complete disaster. It is impossible for her to find the true boyfriend, or is her new date, billionaire Gijs, the one she was looking for? Wendy is the boss of a big television channel and her marriage with musician Steven, housefather with complains, is not going well. Lucky she has a colleague at work (Sil) who's supporting her in her own way and challenges her too. Nico is chief editor of a leading magazine and loses herself in an affair with the young photographer Hugo, whereby she could damange her reputation and marriage. Thereby she has to be aware of her colleague Jorrit, who doesn't really support her. The support of the three best friends to each other and their loving and humorous honesty helps them to stay in balance and fight those difficult times.
Snuf de Hond	Drama	none	The series begins during the Second World War as the Netherlands is struggling under the German occupation and Tom takes care of Snuf, a German shepherd. The dog is being directed by the mysterious Haaksma. And it is thanks to this training expertise Snuf is able to save his boss and his friends from many adventures.
Live Free or Die	Drama	none	"Live Free or Die" explores one of America's most remote subcultures, following five people who have left the modern world behind to live in backwoods and swamps where they hunt their own food, build their own shelters, and survive only on what they can produce with their own two hands and sharp intuition.
Live Free or Die: Down & Dirty	Action	none	"Live Free or Die: Down & Dirty" is a special series that airs extended episodes with extra information and unseen footage from the show "Live Free or Die", all of which all air on the National Geographic Channel.
In Their Own Words	Drama	none	"In Their Own Words" is a unique and stylish new biography series that explores an elite few of the 20th century's greatest figures. The inaugural season features episodes on a diverse trio of extraordinary subjects: three-time World Heavyweight Champion boxer Muhammad Ali, Muppets creator Jim Henson and Britain's long-reigning monarch Queen Elizabeth II.Each chapter in these artfully crafted biographies is inspired and marked by some of the most memorable words spoken by these world icons: words that describe the subject creatively and intimately. These memorable quotes keynote the storytelling, as each sequence sheds new light on key moments in our subjects' lives — illuminating their fascinating personalities and spotlighting their profound cultural and historical impact for a new generation of television viewers. Stylized, evocative recreations of significant moments in the subjects' lives add texture to the visual storytelling and also serve as background for some of the featured quotes.This non-linear approach to the top of each episode alerts veiwers to the fact that In Their Own Words is a biography series unlike anything they've seen. The majority of the narrative is carried by deeply personal interviews with those who know the subjects intimately: family, co-workers, colleagues, biographers, etc.
Miami Porn: Sex Work in the Sunshine State	Drama	none	Fusion goes inside the world of South Florida's booming adult entertainment industry, where a quarter of the porn in the U.S. is produced. We follow five independent producers, ranging from a couple making homemade porn to a young female porn star navigating the treacherous waters of launching her own paid site in the age of free porn.
Drury's THIRTEEN	Action	none	What does it take to produce "Drury's THIRTEEN" original episodes for Outdoor Channel? The yearlong commitment, preparation, sweat equity involved in really doing it right. All while respecting the animal that we chase and cherish so much! This all new venture protected by Under Armour pits Man vs. Mother Nature, Drury's vs Deer in a season long knock down drag out battle royal. We wrote the script....but Mother Nature RIPPED it apart!! EHD, drought, moon phase, high temps, nocturnal deer movement...you name it....she threw out everything but the kitchen sink trying to stop us from our objective. The tips, the tactics, the information, is at an all-time high in this new series chronicling Mark & Terry Drury's season long quest for those mature whitetails that we think about 24/7 - 365. They break it down to Drury's THIRTEEN phases of the deer season....but it was the season that literally drove Drury Outdoors to the brink! With a little help from a cast of characters like Matt & Taylor Drury, Jim Thome & Gary LeVox you'll follow the ups and downs of Drury's THIRTEEN!
The Cannabusiness Report	Drama	none	"The Cannabusiness Report" explores some of the biggest questions surrounding cannabis culture and the booming industry evolving around it with FUSION's Ryan Nerz. In a special four-part series Nerz gives an insider's perspective on the mainstreaming of marijuana in the United States and beyond — from the entrepreneurs, or better yet Ganjapreneurs, who have made millions off marijuana to how technology is shaping the evolving industry. Nerz is a Yale-educated journalist who has written for NPR, Esquire, and the History Channel. Nerz is the author of MARIJUANAMERICA: One Man's Quest to Understand America's Dysfunctional Love Affair with Weed.
The Big Leaf	Comedy	none	"The Big Leaf" is a comedy about two brothers, (siblings and soul), who happen to own a Medical Marijuana dispensary.
My Selfie Life	Drama	6.0	"My Selfie Life" is a bold, half-hour series where young Americans film themselves living through a life-changing moment as they journey towards adulthood and self-discovery. Life is full of moments big and small, and high and low. Though we all might live some of the same life events, the way we experience them is as unique our own fingerprints and everyone has a story to tell. Each episode centers on a major experience in one person's life, ranging from the relatable to the extraordinary—tracking down lost love, defeating an eating disorder, dealing with mental illness, beginning an interfaith relationship. The 10-episode series will premiere this fall."This series showcases stories told in the most authentic way – by the people who know them by heart, captured in real time on their own devices, and in their own words," said Fusion Chief Programming Officer Wade Beckett. "Intimate and honest, the series captures the spirit of what I believe Fusion is all about and provides a compelling exploration of what it's like to be young and living in the digital age." "Selfie has captured the imagination of online viewers and we're excited to be expanding the concept into a long form series for Fusion," John Farrar, Creative Director, NERD TV said. "The show is characteristic of the type of programming that NERD TV strives to create – it's innovative, fresh filmmaking that gives young people a voice and platform to tell their story, the way they want it told."
De Bunker	Action	none	''De Bunker'' follows a team in Antwerp of the Belgian State Security, that operates from their underground headquarter: ''De Bunker''. During field operations, Agents collect intel as soon as possible to avoid a threat or disaster. That threat could come from anywhere: People that are extremely right or left, terrorists or economical spionage, cybercrime or even sects. There is a lot of pressure and responsibilities for those agents and due to an internal secrecy, they could only talk about these subjects with their colleagues. They are close with each other, but the pressure is tremendous.
Drug Wars	Drama	none	It's a war with no end in sight that generates billions in profits for those at the top. From scouring the world's oceans to trekking through dense jungles,"Drug Wars" is a no-holds-barred deployment into the dangerous reality of international anti-narcotics operations.
Pickle and Peanut	Comedy	none	"Pickle & Peanut" is about two unlikely friends an emotional pickle and a freewheeling peanut in an innovative mix of 2-D animation and live-action clips to tell the small town adventures of two underdogs who dream up plans to be anything but ordinary.
Suspicion	Drama	none	It's human nature to question things - especially when your safety may be at risk - but when a grim suspicion turns into a horrid reality, it may be time to take things into your own hands. Investigation Discovery's (ID) new series "SUSPICION" reveals the terrifying journeys of real people who suspected imminent danger and became fixated on finding the truth. From stalkers to criminal cover-ups and killers on the loose, the stories in SUSPICION start building suspense from the moment something feels amiss. Emotional first-person interviews detail the endless twists and turns that come with following a dangerous hunch, leaving viewers anxious to learn who the culprit is until the very end. Did I really just see that? Will anyone believe me? Am I imagining things? Can I trust anyone? Nothing is as it seems and everyone is a suspect.
Buying and Selling with the Property Brothers	DIY	none	Join the Property Brothers, Drew and Jonathan Scott, as they help homeowners sell their current home and buy a new property in HGTV's new series, "Buying and Selling with The Property Brothers". Jonathan renovates the family's current home for a successful sale, while Drew checks out the best options for the family's new property. Drew then oversees the selling of the renovated home and the buying of a new house.
Future Man	Comedy	none	"Future Man" chronicles a janitor by day, world-ranked gamer by night who is tasked with preventing the extinction of humans after mysterious visitors from the future declare him to be the key to defeating the imminent super-race invansion.
Marvel's Most Wanted	Drama	none	This spinoff of Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. features the adventures of supporting characters Nick Blood as Lance Hunter and Adrianne Palicki as Bobbi Morse.
Splitsville	Comedy	none	On "Splitsville", in the wake of a wave of divorces, the single residents of a suburban cul-de-sac join forces to raise their kids and get through it together.
The Ranch	Comedy	none	"The Ranch" is described as a multi-camera comedy revolving around a former pro football player who returns to Colorado to help run the family ranch business. Don Reo and Jim Patterson, former exec producers and showrunners of "Men," are shepherding the series News of the project was first reported by Deadline. Netflix declined to comment.
Lewis And Clark	Drama	none	"Lewis & Clark" tells the story of the very first American expedition to cross the western portion of North America. They began in May 1804 leaving from St. Louis, Missouri near the Mississippi River. They finished their long and tedious adventure in September of 1806 into the area that was known at that time as the Spanish Territory.
Hypochondriac	Comedy	none	"Hypochondriac" is based on the Colombian telenovela La Hipocondriaca. The Fox adaptation centers on a Type A hypochondriac who receives a fatal diagnosis. She then sets herself – and her friends and family – on a path of comedic destruction in pursuit of her "authentic self".
Agent X	Drama	8.0	The widowed wife of a U.S. Senator rises up the political ranks and becomes elected as the country's first female Vice President
Shades of Blue	Drama	none	In a steamy new drama, Jennifer Lopez stars as sexy New York detective and single mother Harlee Santos, who fell in with a tight-knit group of dirty cops, taking bribes and protection money that she uses to provide the best life for her honest, talented daughter. But when she's trapped by the FBI and forced to inform on her own "brothers," she'll have to walk the fine line between love, loyalty, honor and betrayal, and try to keep it together for her daughter's future.
Criminal Minds: Beyond Borders	Drama	none	Focuses on a division of the FBI that helps American citizens who find themselves in trouble internationally.
800 Words	Drama	9.0	A recently widowed father, quits his job as a popular 800 word columnist for a top selling Sydney newspaper. Over the internet he buys a house on an impulse in a remote New Zealand seaside town. He then has to break the news to his two teenage kids who just lost their mum, and now face an even more uncertain future. But the colourful and inquisitive locals ensure his dream of a fresh start does not go to plan.
Hunderby	Comedy	none	Helene is a shipwreck survivor washed ashore near a small English village. There, she is swept off her feet by widowed pastor Edmund and the two soon marry, with the puritanical Edmund believing his bride to be untouched by another man. But it seems that she has a history, and a dark one at that.
The Last Panthers	Drama	none	'The Last Panthers' delves into the dark heart of Europe, where a shadowy alliance of gangsters and banksters now rule. A daring diamond heist, see's British loss adjustor Naomi, charged with recovering the stolen diamonds, whatever the cost. Her manager Tom, has a nefarious reputation. Khalil, a French-Algerian policeman is also on the trail of the stolen diamonds.
The Kettering Incident	Drama	none	The Kettering Incident begins as Doctor Anna Macy finds herself inexplicably linked to the cases of two girls who have mysteriously disappeared in identical circumstances in the wilds of Tasmania 15 years apart. To clear her name, Anna must delve into her troubled past and face some truths about herself and the otherworldly nature of this gothic land.
The Trial	Drama	none	"The Trial" centers on Billy McBride, a once respectable lawyer who was ousted from the high-profile firm he co-founded. Billy now spends his days getting drunk, with the occasional case tossed his way by his ex-wife. However, Billy is reinvigorated professionally when a young lawyer who has just been fired from his old firm brings him a wrongful death case that pits him against the head of his former firm.
Midnight Feast	Cooking	none	In "Midnight Feast", New York's Chelsea Market sets the stage for a late-night culinary showdown between some of the hottest chefs in the country. In each episode of "Midnight Feast," three professional chefs are given exclusive, after-hours access to Chelsea Market, and will have free rein to use any ingredient found in the famous food hall. From creating the ultimate feast they would want to consume on their last night on earth to whipping up a dish they think will guarantee a "successful" evening of romance to creating inventive meals that are meant to be eaten without silverware–viewers will see the chefs execute a range of creative dishes.By the end of the night, the winner walks away with a cash prize, ten times the total value of their ingredients used – while the losers walk away paying their own tabs. With access to some of the finest food items in the world, each chef must weigh their desire to use the most expensive and exotic ingredients against the risk of picking up an outlandish bill. Chef and restaurateur, Spike Mendelsohn, serves as host and head judge. Kat Odell, editorial producer of eater.com, and John DeLucie, chef and restaurateur, also serve as judges.
Babies Behaving Badly	Comedy	none	What do babies really do when we aren't looking? "Babies Behaving Badly" shows how the littlest humans mimic their parents, argue with their siblings, and make their point as strongly as they can-sometimes, at inopportune moments.
Why We Do Stuff!	Comedy	none	"Why We Do Stuff!" is an exploration into why humans do the things they do.
Death by Gossip With Wendy Williams	Drama	none	Investigation Discovery proves that talk may be cheap, but gossip can be deadly with the greenlight of a new series "DEATH BY GOSSIP WITH WENDY WILLIAMS", with the Diva of Dish serving as host and executive producer. Premiering in the fall of 2015, idle chitchat turns dark and dangerous as ID uncovers crimes fueled by rumors and sordid half-truths that lead to the ultimate betrayal…murder.
HBD	Music	none	"HBD" is a series of occasional specials during which Fuse celebrates the birthday of an iconic musical artist by showing a marathon of that singer's music videos. In the series premiere, Fuse aired two hours of the best Beyonce videos to celebrate her birthday.
Got Ur #	Music	none	Here at Fuse, we know the artists you wanna connect with and the music that moves you. We've "Got Ur #"! In this weekly themed music video countdown series, we hit the streets and link up with the artists and conversations you're following as we count down the videos on our custom playlist. We've Got Ur #SummerKickoff, We've Got Ur #Bonnaroo, #WeGotU!
Skee TV	Music	1.0	Hosted and curated by award-winning DJ, producer, digital media pioneer and entrepreneur DJ SKEE, "SKEE TV" provides a peek into the world of Verge Culture at the intersection of music, sports, fashion, tech and style. Tune in for unique insider access into the trends and trendsetters of tomorrow, led by one of the most influential figures in the entertainment industry today.
Transcendent	Drama	none	From the creators of Big Freedia: Queen of Bounce comes a new groundbreaking docu-series. The beautiful girls who perform at the world-famous AsiaSF Cabaret & Restaurant in San Francisco have two things in common: they're all talented, and they are all trans women. "Transcendent" documents the struggles and triumphs of these diverse young trans women as they navigate their professional, personal and romantic lives.
Big Freedia: Queen of Bounce	Music	none	The Queen Diva is back for another season of his critically acclaimed series! Following the success of his first US tour, season 4 finds "Big Freedia: Queen of Bounce" juggling a slew of new creative opportunities that could expand his empire just as health concerns could derail his career. While team prepares for a European tour, dancers Skip & Flash both pursue their own dreams, and Freedia's ex-boyfriend Devon tries to win back his Queen.
Fluffy Breaks Even	Comedy	1.0	When global funny man Gabriel Iglesias and his tourmates hit the road, they love to explore all the great places to eat along the way. Join Fluffy and his eccentric crew as they indulge in the best eats the country (the world?) has to offer…and then attempt to work off the calories with a larger-than-life physical challenge. Don't miss "Fluffy Breaks Even".
Revealed	Music	none	"Revealed" is a Fuse original series that showcases an artist's body of work from his or her point of view through unique interviews and behind-the-scenes footage in the studio and on set.Using the artist's music videos as the soundtrack, each episode gives the viewer an exclusive look into the back story, creative process, and the ups and downs of life as a musician. Episodes will feature Trey Songz, Bebe Rexha, Ed Sheeran, Jason Derulo, Nate Ruess, and Ciara.
Beasts Behaving Badly	Drama	none	What happens when the wild world and "real" world collide? "Beasts Behaving Badly" features the authentic stories behind the best clips of wild animals invading human spaces.
Twisted Tales of 9 to 5	Drama	none	Everyone remembers a job they've hated – from overbearing bosses who yell at their employees, to companies that put their interns on "coffee duty." But when a boss' requests go from demanding to bizarre, office gossip blows up in an inter-employee feud. (formally"TWISTED TALES OF MY 9 TO 5" ) now "Twisted Tales of 9 to 5" tells the stories of typical work days that have turned into horrid tales.
Instant Jam	Music	none	Each episode of "Instant Jam" features live performances and captures all the excitement and energy as artists reveal to fans how to score tickets to an exclusive show in their area, while giving a behind-the-scenes look at the hours leading up to their concert.
Gigging & Grubbing	Family	none	"Gigging & Grubbing" combines two of America's favorite pastimes, music and food. The show, hosted by drummer Doug Frasure, follows touring singers and musicians to see where they eat while traveling from gig to gig. Viewers get a peek into the culinary habits of musical artists between concerts as they travel from city to city. The show is not just about the food; it also includes performances by the featured artists, who include singer-songwriter Rachael Owens and country singer Brit Stokes.
The Grill Iron	Cooking	none	Take a journey through America's food landscape as we explore tailgating traditions in some of the biggest college football towns in the country. We're meeting up with some of the best local chefs and challenging them to create epic tailgates inspired by their city's food culture in "The Grill Iron".
Arthur & George	Drama	none	Conan Doyle, creator of Sherlock Holmes, recaptures his zest for life by pursuing and challenging a notorious miscarriage of justice...
Cake Masters	Cooking	none	Duff Goldman is upping the ante and once again revolutionizing the way the world sees cake, and Duff's "Cake Masters" is his showcase. It is a spotlight on one of the biggest, most jaw-dropping cakes Duff has ever attempted, from start to finish. Duff's got his friend Geof at his side and the best cake decorators in Los Angeles on his speed dial, but that's not enough for this fondant-covered monstrosity, he's also bringing in Hollywood FX pros, pyrotechnic masters, and engineering geniuses to help get the giant cake planned, decorated, delivered, and unveiled before time runs out!
Snapped: She Made Me Do It	Drama	none	"Snapped: She Made Me Do It" profiles true stories of women accused of manipulating men to do their evil bidding. Although the crimes differ in nature, they all share a common theme – a woman is credited to being the chief mastermind behind-the-scenes. Through witness testimonies, expert interviews and dramatic reenactments, each episode explores criminal cases surrounding the femme fatale. From a romantic reconciliation dinner that ends in homicide to a star athlete who is discovered lifeless with mysterious wounds, viewers will follow the investigation of the alleged perpetrators who claim "She Made Me Do It," hear both sides of the story and ultimately discover the jury's verdict.
Two More Eggs	Comedy	none	A production of The Brothers Chaps' Citywide Hoop Champs, Inc. in association with Disney Television Animation, each installment of "Two More Eggs" incorporates a variety of animation techniques, indicative of the brothers' signature style, including flash, computer-generated imagery and animation mixed with live-action.
A Mother's Son	Drama	none	When a teenage schoolgirl is murdered in a quiet coastal town, a mother finds a pair of stained trainers - and begins to suspect that either her son or stepson may be involved.
The Catch	Drama	none	From Shondaland's Shonda Rhimes and Betsy Beers, this thriller centers on the strong, successful Alice Martin (Mireille Enos). She's a fraud investigator who's about to be the victim of fraud by her fiancé. Between her cases, she is determined to find him before it ruins her career.
The Real O'Neals	Comedy	none	A fresh take on a seemingly perfect Catholic family whose lives take an unexpected turn when surprising truths are revealed. Instead of ruining their family, the honesty triggers a new, messier chapter where everyone stops pretending to be perfect and actually starts being real.
Of Kings and Prophets	Drama	none	An epic Biblical saga of faith, ambition and betrayal as told through the eyes of a battle-weary king, a powerful and resentful prophet and a resourceful young shepherd on a collision course with destiny.
BrainDead	Drama	none	BrainDead is an upcoming American thriller television series created by Robert King and Michelle King. CBS announced a 13-episode straight-to-series order on July 22, 2015. The show is expected to premiere in Summer 2016
Rush Hour	Drama	none	Detective Lee is a reserved, honorable master martial artist with lightning-fast moves who comes to L.A. to avenge his sister's alleged death and learn more about her connection to a Chinese organized crime ring. Detective Carter, on the other hand, is a wisecracking cop who plays by his own rules and has never wanted a partner. As exasperated as Carter's boss, Captain Cole, gets with him, she knows he's a brilliant detective who gets results. Attempting to help the two get along is Sergeant Didi Diaz, Carter's friend and former partner who doesn't hesitate to call him out on his antics. But even as cultures clash and tempers flare, Carter and Lee can't deny they make a formidable team, and grudgingly admit that sometimes an unlikely pairing makes for a great partnership.
Cooper Barrett's Guide To Surviving Life	Comedy	none	"Cooper Barrett's Guide To Surviving Life" is an upcoming American comedy television series created by Jay Lacopo that will debut on FOX in midseason 2015–2016 with six episodes for the first season
Heartbreaker	Drama	none	Based on the real life and achievements of Dr. Kathy Magliato, this unique character-driven medical drama follows Dr. Alex Panttiere, an outspoken, world-renowned heart transplant surgeon, one of the few women in her field. Stubborn and fearless, Alex always operates on her own terms. She revels in a racy personal life that's a full-time job in itself, manages the daily demands of skeptical faculty and dutiful interns, and pushes the boundaries of medical science to impressive new heights.
Hot & Bothered	Comedy	none	If you think the steamy sex, sensational scandals and heart wrenching heartbreak on Latino soap operas are a little extreme, just wait until you see what happens behind the scenes! Eva Longoria stars in this new comedy about Ana Sofia, a sizzling TV superstar, and her lively family of cast and crew all competing to steal the spotlight. When the cameras turn off, the drama turns up as Ana battles pesky network execs, drunken scriptwriters, narcissistic co-stars and an unfortunately familiar new on-screen love interest.
Big Little Lies	Comedy	none	Big Little Lies is an upcoming American television comedy series created by David E. Kelley, based on the book of the same name by Liane Moriarty. The series will air on HBO. The pilot episode was written by Kelley
Fuller House	Comedy	none	D.J. Tanner-Fuller is a widow and mother of three. Things become too much to handle, so she asks for help from her sister Stephanie and her best-friend Kimmy.
Krypton	Drama	8.0	Years before the Superman legend we know, the House of El was shamed and ostracized. This series follows The Man of Steel's grandfather as he brings hope and equality to Krypton, turning a planet in disarray into one worthy of giving birth to the greatest Super Hero ever known.
The Magicians	Drama	none	The series centers on Quentin, a brilliant grad student chosen to attend Brakebills College for Magical Pedagogy, a secret upstate New York university specializing in magic. He and his 20-something friends soon discover that the magical fantasy world they read about as children is all too real – and poses grave danger to humanity.
Outrageous Fortune	Drama	none	The Wests are a one-family crime wave with a proud tradition in thievery, larceny and petty crime, until now. When patriarch Wolfgang West is sentenced to four years in jail, his wife Cheryl decides enough is enough; the family are cleaning up their act and going straight. Can the Wests live up to Cheryl's resolve and stay out of crime? It's not easy to be a saint when you have the DNA of a sinner.
Westside	Drama	none	This six-part series tells the story of legendary safe cracker and career criminal, Ted West and his fire cracker of a wife, Rita. Combining real events and the rich folklore of the West family and associates, this is rollicking history, and a tempestuous romance, set at a time of great social upheaval.
This is not my Life	Drama	9.5	In the peaceful, leafy New Zealand suburb of Waimoana, a man wakes up in a lovely home, to his lovely wife and children. The only problem is that he can't remember anything. Not who he is, ever having a wife and kids, not even his own name. The people around him call him Alec Ross, but he only has their word for that. Setting out to discover what's going on, he stumbles upon the truth - this is not his life. Now he must try and unravel the mystery of Waimoana - and get out alive!
7 Days	Comedy	none	It's Friday night and it's been a big week. There's been stupid news, big news, unbelievable news and news about us right here in New Zealand. Then come Jeremy Corbett and two teams of New Zealand's finest comic talent to blast the news out of the water, dissect it, lambast each other and have a brilliant time while doing it.
Real Husbands Of Hollywood	Comedy	none	Wouldn't you know, there aren't only "Real Housewives" parading around reality television. The BET original series "Real Husbands of Hollywood" evens the playing field somewhat -- well, not really. The program is actually the "fakest reality show ever," says BET, a satire that skewers all things "Housewives"-like. It stars Kevin Hart, Nick Cannon, Boris Kodjoe, Duane Martin, J.B. Smoove and Nelly, among others, while episodes feature guest appearances by television, film, music and sport's top stars including Jay Leno, Ed O'Neill, Shaquille O'Neal, Faizon Love, Common, Trey Songz and Cedric the Entertainer.
Red Oaks	Comedy	none	young tennis player works at the prestigious and exclusive Red Oaks Country Club during the summer between his sophomore and junior years of college in the 1980s.
The Amazing Race Canada	Travel	none	The Amazing Race Canada will provide a uniquely Canadian take on the original series, with competitors discovering the world within the borders of Canada.
Caesar	Drama	none	"Caesar" is a project, which reimagines Shakespeare's play Julius Caesar in modern-day Los Angeles, is described as a tale of power, sex and revenge.
The Trail	Comedy	none	"The Trail", is said to be a spoof of crime documentaries like the recent The Jinx.
Talk Nerdy To Me	Comedy	none	"Talk Nerdy To Me" is written by writer-comedian Morgan Murphy, the project is inspired by the blog Talk Nerdy to Me, Lover, edited by Jen Friel. It revolves around four smart, ambitious, twenty-something women — two computer programmers, a musician and a doctor — who share a house on the canals in Venice, CA, and support one another as they reach for their dreams professionally and personally.
Brides	Drama	none	What if Van Helsing did NOT kill the three brides of Dracula? What if they survived for centuries and are now living in New York City? That is the basic premise of "Brides", a hot gothic soap drama from playwright, screenwriter and comic book writer Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa and top TV producer Greg Berlanti.
The Watcher	Drama	none	Written by Alex Cary, "The Watcher" is a psychological thriller based on real events surrounding a young couple and their two children who move into their dream home in a small town, only to be terrorized by anonymous letters and sinister threats, and trapped in the web of a dangerous mystery.
Ladylike	Comedy	none	"Ladylike" – Girl Code alums Nicole Byer, Jade Catta-Preta, and Matteo Laneand comedian Blair Socci take to the streets in this hilarious half-hour hidden camera prank show as they redefine what it means to be "Ladylike". With attitude and irreverence our cast will challenge social norms and unleash uncompromising and ridiculous situations on the unsuspecting public.
Little Darlings	Comedy	none	"Little Darlings" – Created by Jennifer Kaytin Robinson is a dark half-hour comedy about two very unlikely friends taking justice into their own hands and kicking literal ass on their college campus. Jules comes off as the perfect sorority dream girl, but little do her red-cup-toting sisters know, she's got a completely different agenda come nightfall. Ophelia, your everyday stoner-hacker-hellion, has officially run out of effs to give, and when she discovers Jules may be the masked vigilante exacting justice on campus her interest in college life is re-energized.
Adam Ruins Everything	Comedy	none	"In Adam Ruins Everything", host Adam Conover employs a combination of comedy, history and science to dispel widespread misconceptions about everything we take for granted. A perfect blend of entertainment and enlightenment, Adam Ruins Everything is inviting, fast-paced and, above all, smart. Adam is like that friend who knows a little bit too much about everything and is going to tell you about it...whether you like it or not. Adam Ruins Everything isn't just fun to watch, but addictively informative. It's everything you didn't want to need to know. The show was born out of a popular CollegeHumor original series that has generated more than 30 million views since premiering online with the video "Why Engagement Rings Are a Scam" in early 2014.
Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Action	none	"Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors" will be a unique journey exploring our favorite web-slinger as he teams up with other fan favorite Marvel Super Heroes in never before seen stories with a new life filled with great challenges, new friends, intense action and character growth. Ultimate Spider-Man will tell a coming of age story, where hapless Peter Parker evolves from a naive teen hotshot to a true hero who comes to terms with his origins and abilities. As the storyline begins, Peter Parker has been Spider-Man for just one year. Hes fought villains, saved lives, but still has much to learn about being a super-hero. Now, Nick Fury gives Peter the chance to go to the next level to train to be a real super-hero and become The Ultimate Spider-Man. But before he can do that, Peter will have to learn how to work with a team of fellow teenage super-heroes. Along the way, he will have to navigate challenging relationships with mentors and super-colleagues, and emerge with a better understanding of his parents' legacy and his own destiny.
Game Shakers	Comedy	none	When Babe and Kenzie created Sky Whale for a seventh grade science project, they were hoping for a passing grade at best. They never expected it to become the most popular game of the year! Now they're making millions with their insanely successful business. What could go wrong on "Game Shakers"?
I Love Kellie Pickler	Comedy	1.0	"I Love Kellie Pickler", the American Idol finalist's series details the life of the singer who was catapulted from small-town obscurity to become a household name on Idol and Dancing With the Stars. Recognized and beloved for her quirky personality, uniquely hysterical witticisms and Southern charm, the series will follow her marriage to Kyle Jacobs — her complete opposite.
We Have Issues	Comedy	none	Comedians Julian McCullough and Annie Lederman are battling it out on a new half-hour comedy series "We Have Issues" where the two will have competitive comedy debates about the week's biggest pop culture news. Each week, the duo will welcome a guest comedian to the show to help even out the score and contribute to the hilarious he said/she said banter. From Donald Trump's foot-in-mouth syndrome to whoever is feuding with Taylor Swift now, Julian and Annie will say what we all are thinking about the absurd, outrageous and just plain ridiculous happenings of the week. No topic is off limits. No celebrity will be spared. No tabloid will go unread.
The Trials of Jimmy Rose	Drama	none	Released from prison, hoping to rebuild his life, ex-con Jimmy Rose has been beaten up attempting to rescue his drug-addicted granddaughter Ellie. Second of a three-part drama.
Alaska Haunting	Drama	none	In Alaska, no one can hear you when you scream. Miles of forest separate neighbors in America's northern-most state, but hauntings are so common there that locals turn to the Internet to share their terrifying tales. In "ALASKA HAUNTING", the last frontier becomes the backdrop for scary ghost stories, where frigid winter weather leaves victims frozen in fear with nowhere to run.
Alaska Monsters	Action	none	Treacherous terrain and unforgiving natural elements are big reasons why people go missing in Alaska more often than elsewhere, but some believe blame lies with monsters roaming the Alaska Triangle. From Juneau/Yakutat in the south, to the Barrow Range in the north, to Anchorage in south central, cryptic creatures are said to shift trees with ease, psychically create seismic activity, or decapitate humans with one bite. "Alaska Monsters" follows the Midnight Sons, outdoorsmen who use modern technology to hunt and trap beings like the saberwolf, otterman and northern giant.
Critical	Drama	9.0	Critical is a 13-part series set in a state-of-the-art Major Trauma Centre, a unit which treats only the most gravely ill or seriously injured. Each episode features a new and distinctive case told with thrilling intensity. Whether that patient lives or dies is determined by knife-edge decisions and procedures, but can the diverse team of medical professionals knit together and rise to the challenge? It's a series about medicine where our team hold a life in their hands but in every case they face the agonisingly real fear that it could slip through their fingers.
Eve	Action	none	Eve is the star of a brand new sci-fi drama from CBBC. She's no ordinary girl – Eve is the result of an incredibly advanced robotics experiment.
The Amazing World of Gumball	Comedy	9.0	The series about an amusing blue cat named Gumball and his best buddy Darwin, a pet goldfish, combines 2D and 3D animation in a live-action setting.
Mike Tyson Mysteries	Comedy	8.0	In Mike Tyson Mysteries, Mike Tyson is taking the fight from the boxing ring to the streets ... by solving mysteries! Aided by the Mike Tyson Mystery Team - the Ghost of the Marquess of Queensberry, Mike's adopted Korean daughter Yung Hee, and a pigeon who was once a man - Mike Tyson will answer any plea sent to him. If you have a problem that needs solving, Iron Mike is in your corner.
Doctor Foster	Drama	none	A trusted GP sees her charmed life explode when she suspects her husband of an affair. As she uncovers secrets that shock her to the core, how will Dr Gemma Foster react?
Preacher	Drama	none	"Preacher", is based on Garth Ennis and Steve Dillon's cult 1990s comic. The show centers on Jesse Custer (Dominic Cooper), a conflicted Preacher in a small Texas town who is inhabited by a mysterious entity that allows him to develop a highly unconventional power. Along with his ex-girlfriend, Tulip (Ruth Negga), and an Irish vampire named Cassidy (Joseph Gilgun), the three embark on a journey to literally find God.
Dirty Rotten Survival	Drama	none	"Dirty Rotten Survival" is an outdoor adventure trek seasoned with a dash of grit, "man-genuity," and a whole lot of MacGyver'ing. National Geographic Channel challenged a survival savant, an engineer-inventor and a construction guru to hit the road and test their mettle by competing in location-inspired outdoor challenges across several states using a different, limited set of tools in each episode.
CTRL+ALT+DEL	Drama	8.0	In "CTRL+ALT+DEL" the lives of three young people tragically get caught in the web of social media. Tiffany thought she found the perfect guy when she started dating Andrew. But, when Andrew starts displaying disturbing behavior, Tiffany attempts to get out of the relationship. This leads her into the arms of another man, unleashing a cyber-attack of deadly proportions.
NFL Rush Zone	Action	none	Ish and his family have relocated to Canton, Ohio, home of the Pro Football Hall of Fame, where Ish can learn more about his destiny as a Guardian. It seems that NFL Football is safe once again, until the emergence of a new master villain, Wild Card, who threatens to destroy not only the NFL, but the world itself. With the escalation of this conflict, Ish heightens his own training, skills, and powers, but will be joined by a new band of allies, who will become known as The League of Guardians on "The NFL Rush Zone".
Behind Bars: Overtime	Drama	none	"Behind Bars: Overtime" will air new scenes and interviews and enhance previous episodes of "Behind Bars: Rookie Year".
Childrens Hospital	Comedy	8.0	Childrens Hospital explores the emotional struggles and sexual politics of a group of doctors charged with healthy libidos. Their dedication to their personal lives is relentless, interrupted only by the occasional need to treat sick children.
Mr. D	Comedy	none	MR. D is a story about a charming, under-qualified teacher trying to fake his way through a teaching job, just like he often fakes his way through life.
Father Brown	Drama	8.5	Drama based on the stories by GK Chesterton, about a crime-solving Roman Catholic priest.
SunTrap	Comedy	none	Crime comedy. An undercover reporter and his former mentor join forces to solve mysteries on a Spanish island.
Winners & Losers	Drama	none	Despite everything they've been through, Bec, Sophie, Jenny, Frances and Sam are as close as they've ever been to having the three key areas of life – love, work and home – firing on all cylinders. But when relationships, friendships, careers and aspirations are all tested, the girls will question if it is even possible to have it all?
Masterchef Australia	Cooking	9.0	With the culinary bar set high in 2014, the heat will be on when MasterChef Australia returns for 2015. A fresh group of home cooks will eagerly tackle challenges that will see one of them take home the title of Australia's next MasterChef.
House Husbands	Drama	none	House Husbands is a comedy drama about four modern families with one thing in common – the men are in charge of raising the kids.
Devil's Playground	Drama	none	The year is 1988. It is 35 years after the events of Fred Schepisi's classic film, The Devil's Playground. Tom Allen, now in his 40s and recently widowed, is a respected Sydney psychiatrist and father of two children. A practicing Catholic, Tom accepts an offer by the Bishop of Sydney to become a counselor of priests. During these sessions, he will uncover a scandal and become embroiled in the Church's attempts to cover it up. Tom's quest for justice will push him to his limits, and reveal a side of Church power and official corruption he could never have imagined.
19-2	Drama	9.0	Based on the award-winning Québec series of the same name, "19-2" is a richly-nuanced character-driven drama, 19-2 follows the lives of patrol officers Ben Chartier and Nick Barron. Nick is a veteran on Montreal's urban police force and has just returned from a three-month leave following the traumatic shooting of his partner. On his first day back, he is unhappy to learn he has been partnered with Ben, who has just transferred from a small town to restart his life in the big city. Both men are good cops, who deeply care about the job, yet struggle to move beyond painful events in their past. Ben and Nick must attempt to put their differences aside as their lives further intertwine, both professionally and personally, and continue to take surprising and dramatic turns.
Heartland	Drama	none	Life is hard on the Flemings' ranch in the Alberta foothills where abused or neglected horses find refuge with a kind, hard-working family. Debts abound and the bank is about to foreclose. Can they keep the ranch running?
Inspector George Gently	Drama	10.0	Crime drama, set in the 1960s, about an old-school detective trying to come to terms with a time when the lines between the police and criminals have become blurred.
Yong Pal	Drama	none	Kim Tae Hyun is a promising young surgeon, but his finances take a dive when his sister's health condition requires costly dialysis treatments. When Tae Hyun subsequently falls into a vicious cycle of debt, he assumes the alias of "Yong Pal" and begins making house calls for criminals who are willing to pay top dollar. Complicating things further, Tae Hyun gets involved with Han Yeo Jin, a comatose patient at the hospital.
Late Night Restaurant	Drama	none	In a small restaurant, which is only open after midnight, a chef known as 'Master' doesn't offer any menus, but is willing to whip up any dish his patrons desire. Every night, the mysterious Master dedicates himself to comforting the woes of his customers, including a gangster, a down-and-out actor, office ladies, a paper boy, and a night worker. Despite the restaurant's unconventional hours and rules, these denizens of the night still keep coming back for more.
Tantei no tantei	Action	none	The cool, beautiful Sasaki Rena is the lone investigator who works for for a medium-sized research agency called Suma Research Agency. Because of her past related to her sister's death, she became a detective that investigates and pursues unscrupulous detectives. Her beloved younger sister was murdered by a stalker and she has been searching for the investigator who caused her sister's death in order to take revenge.
I Remember You	Comedy	none	When a serial killer strikes women who all have a similar appearance, the police department's Special Crime Investigation Team is stumped. While Cha Ji An (Jang Na Ra), an elite detective, and her fellow colleagues are assessing the latest crime scene, the mysterious Lee Hyun (Seo In Guk) shows up and instantly assesses the trademark attributes of the killer. Hyun is a genius criminal profiler with a degree in criminal psychology who received an anonymous email that brought him to the crime scene all the way from the United States. The serial killer seems to be sending a personal message to Hyun with the clues he leaves behind, and Hyun wonders if it could be related to an escaped criminal "monster" from his childhood who killed his father and was responsible for the disappearance of his younger brother. Ji An has known Hyun since childhood and is ecstatic to see her childhood crush again, but Hyun doesn't seem to remember her. With no leads to capture the serial killer, Ji An and her colleagues solicit Hyun's help. Can Hyun and Ji An solve the case and find answers to their pasts? "I Remember You" is a 2015 South Korean drama series directed by No Sang Hoon.
Take Care of the Young Lady	Drama	none	Of the high-rolling top 'hot celebrities' of the wealthy upper class in Korea's high society, Kang Hye Na is the one desired by the men, feared and hated by the women. Being the only successor to the largest conglomerate company, Kang San Group, Kang Hye Na has both the looks and the background. She is the owner of the ‘Lady Castle' and lives a ‘princess-like' life with her servants.Until one day, out of pure coincidence, she comes across Seo Dong Chan who turns her life upside down. Not only does he make her do community service, he even kidnapped her... and now he's the new household manager!!! Even after stepping on him, crushing him and biting him, he still doesn't run away. She may have finally met her match...
Peninsula	Drama	none	In a time somewhere in the future, North and South Korea have joined to form a unified Korean Peninsula. Suh Myung-Joon (Hwang Jeong-min) is the president of this newly-formed, fragile country. He strives to protect the alliance when the two sides begin a vicious battle over the country's natural resources. In this endeavour he's supported by his beautiful wife Lim Jin-Jae (Kim Jung-Eun), and finds a rival in NIS agent Kang Dong-Won (Ji Hoo).
The Greatest Love	Drama	none	A romantic comedy about a former star singer named Koo Ae-jeong who finds herself entangled in a relationship with Dokgo Jin, the biggest celebrity in the country.
Mom	Drama	none	For years, parents made sacrifices to raise their children. And those children usually became good, grateful kids. But that has changed in today's society, where parents have become bitter and disappointed with their children's attitudes. Quite a few children resent their elderly parents who have become a burden to them. More parents are realizing that they have made a grave mistake in their parenting. Now these parents are planning to lead a different kind of life from the generation that came before them. The empty gratitude they receive for giving the best to their kids is no longer acceptable. That explains the growing, unseen social phenomenon of strife between parents and their children. But it is a real, existing problem. This TV miniseries follows the drama of a mother who decides to get back at her children who are disinterested in devoting their affection, time and money on her but are resolutely expecting an inheritance. Who will be the winner in such a battle between parent and children? And will there even be a winner in this revenge drama? The show will stay upbeat with touching moments that will reach a conclusion where two different generations resolve their problems through understanding each other's deepest emotions.
The Scholar Who Walks the Night	Drama	none	In Joseon Dynasty, immaculately dressed in scholarly robes, the young nobleman Kim Sung-ryeol lives as a vampire to keep his promise to his friends. When Sung-ryeol still was a human, he found out about the vampire Gwi who sits above the King deciding the next royal line and has resurrected as a vampire trying to fight against Gwi. And now, he is living as a guardian vampire fighting against the evil vampire without losing his human nature.
Champion: The Jeff Beekman Story	Comedy	none	"Champion: The Jeff Beekman Story" chronicles the everyday experiences of a hyper-competitive but perpetual underdog dad presented like a sports documentary, with commentary and analysis.
The Crusaders	Drama	none	"The Crusaders", focuses on an extended family of second-generation Africans living in the U.S. who specialize in locating and returning valuable objects stolen from Africa during colonial occupation.
American Gods	Drama	none	Starz picked up "American Gods" which is an adaptation of Gaiman's 2001 book about a war between new and old gods
Highway Thru Hell	Action	9.0	The men of Jamie Davis Heavy Rescue fight to keep open some of the most economically important, most traveled and most inhospitable trucking routes in North America.
WWE Breaking Ground	Action	none	"WWE Breaking Ground" will look at the WWE Performance Center and what it takes to become a WWE Superstar.
Downward Dog	Comedy	none	"Downward Dog" is a single-camera, half hour comedy about a woman and her dog.
I Didn't Do It	Comedy	none	Each episode of "I Didn't Do It" starts at the end, sort of. As the episode begins, an adventure has just ended for a group of five teenage friends. The gang then tries to explain, through flashbacks, exactly what happened on their adventure that inevitably went haywire. Booksmart Lindy is the quick thinker of the group who often saves the day when they are in trouble, while her confident twin brother, Logan, has street smarts. Fashionista Jasmine, voice of reason Garrett and oddball Delia are the twins' friends who make up the rest of the group.
Crowded	Comedy	none	No more sex, booze and paying the bills naked. After 20 years of parenting, empty nesters Mike (Patrick Warburton, "Seinfeld") and Martina (Carrie Preston, "True Blood") are finally reclaiming their wild side. But when both of their two grown daughters unexpectedly move back in and Mike's parents scratch their plans to spend their golden years in Florida, their roost is full again. From Executive Producer Sean Hayes, this new (and very timely) family comedy proves that life is crazy with a full house, especially the second time around.
Cradle To Grave	Comedy	none	In Cradle To Grave, 15-year-old Danny Baker is the guide through the ups and downs of life with the family. Fred ‘Spud' Baker is a proud south London docker with a penchant for cheeky scheming. Wife Bet loves him deeply but longs for the family to go 'straight' and play by the rules. With eldest daughter Sharon's looming wedding, the docks facing closure, and Danny's struggles to get closer to the opposite sex, times are tough.
Boy Meets Girl	Comedy	none	Comedy series about love across the age gap.
Step Dave	Comedy	none	Meet Dave, a 24-year-old Kiwi slacker whose life is turned upside down when he meets the woman of his dreams, Cara 15 years his senior with three kids and some serious baggage in tow.
Gibraltar: Britain in the Sun	Travel	none	Documentary series following the lives of the residents of Gibraltar, the British Overseas Territory at the mouth of the Mediterranean Sea.
Homicide Hunter: Lt. Joe Kenda	Drama	none	"Homicide Hunter: Lt. Joe Kenda" is a new investigative series of murder cases told through the personal experience of retired detective, Lieutenant Joe Kenda. With his personal interviews and compelling storytelling style, Kenda captivates with the details of a different investigation each week - from the racing adrenaline he felt when receiving an initial homicide call to the satisfaction of closing the case file. Making it unique, this series delivers the emotional and psychological effects of murder on the investigator himself.
Lewis	Drama	9.5	A spin-off of the popular series Inspector Morse, a special two-hour drama picked up five years after the series ended. It is now continuing in its own series, with Lewis and Hathaway investigating in Morse's old stomping ground of Oxford.
