ID	Show Name	Episode Name	Genre	Rating	Summary
250	Kirby Buckets	Kirby Buckets	Comedy	none	The single-camera series that mixes live-action and animation stars Jacob Bertrand as the title character. "Kirby Buckets" introduces viewers to the vivid imagination of charismatic 13-year-old Kirby Buckets, who dreams of becoming a famous animator like his idol, Mac MacCallister. With his two best friends, Fish and Eli, by his side, Kirby navigates his eccentric town of Forest Hills where the trio usually find themselves trying to get out of a predicament before Kirby's sister, Dawn, and her best friend, Belinda, catch them. Along the way, Kirby is joined by his animated characters, each with their own vibrant personality that only he and viewers can see.
250	Kirby Buckets	Cars, Buses and Lawnmowers	Comedy	none	Kirby learns about a character design contest featuring the ultimate prize - a chance to meet idol Mac McCallister and debut an animated character on TV. He plans to attend with Fish and Eli, but when they unexpectedly get stranded at school hours before the contest, they devise a plan that accidently places them in the middle of "Clown Town," an abandoned area of the city where creepy clowns reign. Meanwhile, Dawn realizes Kirby is using an embarrassing drawing of her titled "Dawnzilla" as his submission for the contest, so she and Belinda do everything in their power to stop him.
250	Kirby Buckets	Flice of the Living Dead	Comedy	none	Kirby and his friends are excited that they're finally old enough to attend the annual "Forest Hills Ninth Annual Fright Night Film Festival." However, when their biology teacher accidentally breaks open a container of Forest Hills Super Flice, the principal quarantines Kirby's class within the school, ruining their chance to go. Meanwhile, Dawn and Belinda are psyched to be invited to a Halloween party at the house of one of the coolest boys in school, Evan.
250	Kirby Buckets	The Legend of Prank Williams Jr.	Comedy	none	Kirby tries to replicate the most outrageous prank ever pulled.
250	Kirby Buckets	The Year of Fridays	Comedy	none	Kirby is grounded and forced to camp out in the backyard with his dad. Meanwhile, Dawn tries to meet her favorite band.
250	Kirby Buckets	Kirby Almighty	Comedy	none	When Kirby starts using a pen that appears to have magical powers, everything he draws suddenly starts coming to life.
250	Kirby Buckets	Killer Puppies	Comedy	none	To avoid getting graded on a bad cooking project, Kirby fakes an illness and is sent to the nurse who takes his fabricated over-the-top symptoms seriously. When the school finds out he supposedly has a serious illness, they shower him with sympathy, gifts and host a fundraiser to raise money to help him get better leaving Kirby worried that his secret will be exposed.
250	Kirby Buckets	Art Attack	Comedy	none	After being rejected from the school art fair, Kirby meets the leader of an underground group of artists and is immediately accepted into their ranks. Meanwhile, Dawn discovers Eli was once a toddler model.
250	Kirby Buckets	Kirby's Choice	Comedy	none	Kirby wins tickets to a video game convention but can't decide on whether he should take Fish or Eli. To help make his decision, he envisions how the day might go with each of them. Dawn also takes part in the convention when she lands a job dressing up as a comic-book character.
250	Kirby Buckets	Mac's Back	Comedy	none	Kirby's favorite show "Big Bald Oaf" has been cancelled leaving the series' creator Mac McCallister depressed. Kirby and his friends work to get the show back on the air.
250	Kirby Buckets	Kick the Bucket	Comedy	none	Someone is defacing school property with cartoon murals and signing them with Kirby's name, getting him in trouble at school. Kirby and Dawn team up to solve the case.
250	Kirby Buckets	It's A Brad, Brad, Brad, Brad World	Comedy	none	Kirby is ridiculed at school after causing a toilet to explode. To avoid being teased on the way home, Kirby and his friends venture into The Bradlands, a part of town that only Brads live, and stumble upon buttons which he uses in an attempt to win over the school.
250	Kirby Buckets	Gimme Some Room	Comedy	none	When a spare room becomes available in the Buckets household, Kirby and Dawn have different ideas on the best way to use it. After Kirby makes Pearly Todd look like a fool in front of the whole school, Kirby agrees to set Todd up on a date with Dawn.
250	Kirby Buckets	Day of the Cat	Comedy	none	Principal Mitchell enlists Kirby's help to draw a portrait of his celebrity cat, Laughy Cat. Meanwhile, Dawn gets a card on her locker from a secret admirer.
250	Kirby Buckets	The Rise And Fall Of 4th Period	Comedy	none	Kirby becomes the leader of his class after his teacher leaves, creating a fun and chaotic classroom. Dawn and Belinda go on a hygiene strike after the Principal bans hair-dryers.
250	Kirby Buckets	The Hurt Box	Comedy	none	When Kirby's underground comic book that mocks Forest Hills' teachers is accidently put in the school's suggestion box, Kirby, Fish and Eli devise a plan to steal it back before it's too late.
250	Kirby Buckets	Get a Grip	Comedy	none	Kirby, Eli and Fish are hard at work on their project for the science fair -- creating the Ultimate High Five. Kirby suffers an injury while working on the project that constrains his creative outlet and forces him to start acting out like his characters.
250	Kirby Buckets	All Hands On Dexter	Comedy	none	Kirby and Fish enter a contest to see who can keep his or her hands on a video game the longest. Meanwhile, Mr. Buckets wants to cash in his "Chore Day" coupon from five years ago.
250	Kirby Buckets	The Av Kid	Comedy	none	Kirby needs a video of him losing a rap-battle to his mom taken down from the internet, so he enlists a member of the AV Club to help. Dawn becomes obsessed with bubble wrap.
250	Kirby Buckets	The Mother Of All Lies	Comedy	none	Kirby and Dawn's mom accepts a job as a substitute teacher at school. Dawn makes her mom promise not to know her while Kirby does the opposite and never leaves her side.
250	Kirby Buckets	Send in the Clowns	Comedy	none	Kirby gets a golden opportunity to animate and shoot a commercial, but his creativity is hobbled when Wild Gil demands that the commercial include a clown.
250	Kirby Buckets	Viva La Dad	Comedy	none	When the Babcock twins' web cartoons become more popular than Kirby's, he resorts to uploading embarrassing videos of his dad to even the score.
251	Downton Abbey	Downton Abbey	Drama	8.5	The Downton Abbey estate stands a splendid example of confidence and mettle, its family enduring for generations and its staff a well-oiled machine of propriety. But change is afoot at Downton — change far surpassing the new electric lights and telephone. A crisis of inheritance threatens to displace the resident Crawley family, in spite of the best efforts of the noble and compassionate Earl, Robert Crawley ; his American heiress wife, Cora his comically implacable, opinionated mother, Violet and his beautiful, eldest daughter, Mary, intent on charting her own course. Reluctantly, the family is forced to welcome its heir apparent, the self-made and proudly modern Matthew Crawley himself none too happy about the new arrangements. As Matthew's bristly relationship with Mary begins to crackle with electricity, hope for the future of Downton's dynasty takes shape. But when petty jealousies and ambitions grow among the family and the staff, scheming and secrets — both delicious and dangerous — threaten to derail the scramble to preserve Downton Abbey. Created and written by Oscar-winner Julian Fellowes, Downton Abbey offers a spot-on portrait of a vanishing way of life.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 1	Drama	8.5	Costume drama set in an Edwardian country house in 1912, written by Oscar-winning writer Julian Fellowes. The lives of the Crawley family and Downton Abbey's servants are changed for ever when the sinking of the Titanic leaves the estate without its heir and his son. The arrival of a new valet shocks the staff, who scheme to make his stay as short-lived as possible.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 2	Drama	8.5	Everyone is anxious at the arrival of Matthew Crawley, the heir presumptive, but he soon encounters problems settling into his new life in Downton, and his mother Isobel immediately crosses swords with Violet. Meanwhile, butler Carson is mortified to be confronted with his past, and housemaid Gwen seems to have a secret correspondent.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 3	Drama	8.5	Cora's attempts at matchmaking are dashed when Mary is smitten not by intended target Evelyn Napier, but by his handsome friend, Turkish attache Kemal Pamuk. The couple's mutual attraction sparks a train of events whose consequences ripple through the entire household. Gwen is humiliated as her secret ambition is exposed, and Bates takes extreme action to cure his limp.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 4	Drama	8.5	The fair arrives in the village and Mrs Hughes finds herself the centre of speculation when she meets a former suitor who makes her question her position at Downton. Meanwhile, Violet and Isobel lock horns over a medical ailment affecting Molesley, and Carson fears there is a thief at work in the grounds.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 5	Drama	8.5	As the village prepares for the annual flower show, Isobel finds herself in conflict with Violet, and Mary is introduced to a potential suitor, but it would seem she only has eyes for Matthew. Anna realises who is to blame when a valuable snuff box goes missing, and Mrs Patmore tearfully reveals her fears to Carson that her career may be coming to an end. Meanwhile, O'Brien engineers a way for Edith to take revenge on Mary.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 6	Drama	8.5	Sybil's determination to pursue her political leanings lands her in great danger when a fight breaks out at an election results meeting. Matthew's tenderness in caring for the would-be suffragette is noticed by her sisters, but it is Mary who is stunned to receive a marriage proposal. Bates is cleared of suspicion over the stolen wine, but offers his resignation rather than name the culprit.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 7	Drama	8.5	Cora makes a discovery that throws the inheritance issue into chaos, and Mary is prompted to keep Matthew waiting for an answer to his proposal. Robert arranges for Mrs Patmore to see an eye specialist, and O'Brien digs up more compromising information about Bates, but the Earl's response comes as a surprise. Thomas leaves the Abbey and Mary exacts vengeance on Edith for her treachery, while the household is rocked by a shocking announcement.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 1	Drama	8.5	It is November 1916, and the family and servants are getting the house ready for a concert to raise funds to treat more casualties from the front. Bates returns from London with a proposal for Anna, while Isobel informs Robert and Cora that Matthew is engaged and wants to bring his fiancee to Downton. O'Brien plays a trick on new maid Ethel after taking an instant dislike to her.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 2	Drama	8.5	Isobel suggests using Downton as a place of convalescence following a distressing incident at the village hospital. Shell-shocked new valet Lang arrives as William gets his call-up papers, and Carson strives to keep standards high, but suffers a panic attack in front of the family. Lady Rosamund is eager to unearth Lavinia and Carlisle's secret after overhearing them arguing, and romance blossoms for both Edith and Mary.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 3	Drama	8.5	The wounded officers arrive at Downton and Matthew suggests he bring General Sir Herbert Strutt to inspect the new convalescent home - but Branson decides to spoil the visit after failing his army medical. Meanwhile, William's return results in an awkward surprise for Daisy, and Violet and Rosamund discover Lavinia's past misdeeds.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 4	Drama	8.5	Ethel's flirting with Major Bryant lands her in trouble as preparations get under way for a concert at Downton. Tensions flare between Isobel and Cora, Edith receives worrying news about Matthew and William, while Branson declares his feelings for Sybil. Mrs Bird's soup kitchen receives a helping hand from Daisy and Mrs Patmore.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 5	Drama	8.5	The entire household is shaken by bad news from the front, and Daisy's relationship with William moves faster than she would like. Meanwhile, Mary pays a high price for obtaining Carlisle's assistance when Vera returns to Downton threatening to expose old secrets.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 6	Drama	8.5	A Canadian officer is brought to Downton for recuperation and disrupts everything. Ethel hears distressing news, Bates makes another attempt to settle matters with Vera, while Carson receives a tempting offer. Matthew gets used to life in a wheelchair with Mary as his round-the-clock carer.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 7	Drama	8.5	As the residents try to return to normal life following the armistice, a new development stuns them. Meanwhile, Carlisle puts Anna in a difficult position, Bates reels from the news about Vera, and Thomas embarks on a new money-making scheme.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 8	Drama	8.5	The wedding approaches and excitement is in the air, but Branson's plans could rattle everyone. Spanish flu reaches the house and a desperate Thomas looks for a way to re-establish himself. Ethel faces a dilemma when the Bryants return with a heartbreaking proposition, and a decisive Anna forces Bates to think about their future.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 1	Drama	8.5	Oscar-winning actress Shirley MacLaine joins the cast of the period drama as Cora's mother Martha, who makes a grand entrance when she arrives at Downton for Matthew and Mary's wedding. However, with the couple struggling to stay united as their big day looms, will Martha's Atlantic crossing have been for nothing? Meanwhile, Mr Carson runs the rule over new footman Alfred, and Robert receives news that could leave him facing the greatest crisis of his life - and plunge the rest of the household into chaos.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 2	Drama	8.5	With the estate's future hanging in the balance, Mary hopes to receive a bailout from her grandmother Martha - and with Violet's help, tries to make sure Downton puts on a bigger show than ever before with a grand party for friends and neighbours. Meanwhile, Mrs Hughes hears worrying news, and O'Brien's efforts to boost Alfred's progress meets with disapproval from Thomas.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 3	Drama	8.5	Edith's big day finally arrives, but will her enthusiasm convince the family that Strallan's age doesn't matter? Meanwhile, Mrs Hughes anxiously awaits her results, Anna makes a breakthrough to help Bates, and Mary takes matters into her own hands to secure the estate's future - but the personal cost could be high.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 4	Drama	8.5	Branson's political views land him in trouble and Sybil's loyalty is tested to the limit, while Ethel makes a difficult decision about her son's future. Anna wonders what is causing Bates' silence, and Carson begins recruiting a footman, with promising candidate Jimmy (Ed Speleers, Eragon) sparking immediate interest below stairs.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 5	Drama	8.5	An exciting offer for Edith divides opinion, Isobel throws Ethel a lifeline and Anna's perseverance finally pays off. Daisy is unhappy when Alfred takes a keen interest in newly arrived maid Ivy, while Matthew's concerns about the estate grow - but are his protests falling on deaf ears?
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 6	Drama	8.5	Tempers fray as a kind gesture by Isobel backfires, while Mary fights Branson's corner when his decisions are put under scrutiny. Robert and Cora's relationship is under pressure, but can Violet make them see things differently? Bates goes to extreme lengths as his chance of freedom slips away.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 7	Drama	8.5	It's a happy day for Downton as Anna's patience is rewarded, while Edith receives admiration from an unexpected quarter. Matthew refuses to back down over the estate management, but will his tactics pay off? Branson's plan for the christening causes consternation, as does the arrival of his brother, and O'Brien's motives are unclear as she counsels Thomas.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 8	Drama	8.5	There is excitement throughout the house and nearby village as the annual cricket match draws near, and the event brings out Robert's competitive side. Violet's great-niece Rose arrives, but a trip to London reveals there is more to her than meets the eye, while Matthew and Mary seem to be keeping secrets from each other. Thomas's future lies appears to be uncertain, but he may have found an unexpected ally in Bates
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 1	Drama	8.5	Harriet Walter (Law & Order: UK) joins the cast as the costume drama returns. Following Matthew's shocking death, new mother Mary is struggling to come to terms with her loss, and Robert and Violet disagree over how to handle the situation. Downstairs, Jimmy finally takes an interest in Ivy, while Carson receives an unwelcome reminder of his past. Mrs Hughes sees a chance to help grief-stricken Isobel, and Thomas has the children's nanny in his sights.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 2	Drama	8.5	Mary begins to emerge from her grief, and takes an interest in the running of the estate. However, her ambitions meet firm resistance from her father. Lady Rose MacClare, Lady Flintshire's daughter, finds herself in a predicament at a tea dance in York, while Mrs Hughes urges Carson to heal an old wound. Bates comes up with a plan to help Molesley, but will it work?
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 3	Drama	8.5	An extravagant party at the Abbey gives the Crawleys an opportunity to reunite with old friends. Some guests, however, prove more welcome than others, and alongside the celebrations come skulduggery and heartache.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 4	Drama	8.5	In the aftermath of the Abbey's eventful party, Mary is forced to answer a pressing question about her future, while Carson reveals surprisingly intimate details about his former life. Rose's trip to the bright lights of London sees her risking the Crawleys' reputation, and Gregson shares ambitious plans with Edith, taking their relationship to another level.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 5	Drama	8.5	Change is in the air at the Abbey as an exciting opportunity for Alfred creates tension between Ivy and Daisy. Isobel appeals to Violet's sense of charity, but it doesn't come without a fight, while Branson considers a new future for himself and baby Sybbie.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 6	Drama	8.5	Cora's playboy brother Harold has got himself into a spot of bother and Robert has to make a trip to America to bail him out. Blake and Mary are forced to put aside their differences to deal with the new farming venture on the estate, and help comes from an unlikely quarter when Violet is taken ill. Meanwhile, Mrs Hughes, Mrs Patmore and Carson try to keep the peace when romantic tensions cause disagreements downstairs.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 7	Drama	8.5	Rosamund comes up with a plan to help Edith out of her predicament, but will Violet see straight through it? Rose is frustrated when things don't go her way and Alfred realises too late he may have made a mistake. Anna is concerned by unexpected news just as she and Bates seem to be getting over the worst, Isobel finds herself the object of someone's attention and Mary asks Gillingham for a favour.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 8	Drama	8.5	It's summer and as part of Rose's debutante `coming out' she is to be presented at Buckingham Palace. The family is in London, preparing Grantham House for the busy social programme, and Martha Levinson, not one to miss such a grand occasion, arrives from New York with Cora's recently disgraced brother Harold (Sideways star Paul Giamatti). Both outspoken and larger than life, they make quite an impression on certain members of high society. Meanwhile, when the Crawleys are implicated in a scandal that threatens to engulf the monarchy, Robert goes to great lengths to protect the royal family - and his own.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 1	Drama	8.5	It's summer and as part of Rose's debutante `coming out' she is to be presented at Buckingham Palace. The family is in London, preparing Grantham House for the busy social programme, and Martha Levinson, not one to miss such a grand occasion, arrives from New York with Cora's recently disgraced brother Harold (Sideways star Paul Giamatti). Both outspoken and larger than life, they make quite an impression on certain members of high society. Meanwhile, when the Crawleys are implicated in a scandal that threatens to engulf the monarchy, Robert goes to great lengths to protect the royal family - and his own.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 2	Drama	8.5	A bombshell was dropped in last week's edition, and it's clear as this episode begins that the household, both upstairs and down, is still coming to terms with what has happened - and it falls on Robert's broad shoulders to make what could be a far-reaching decision about the situation. Rose, meanwhile, seems more concerned with persuading him to buy a wireless than what is happening to those around her - but then again, she's always been trapped in her own self-centred little world. In the kitchen, Mrs Patmore thinks she may have found a way to help Daisy cope with her studies, while Thomas' devious ways look set to scupper Baxter's friendship with Molesley. Finally, as Lord Merton continues to woo Isobel, Anna is reluctantly drawn into Mary's latest scheme.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 3	Drama	8.5	When it comes to the opposite sex, Lady Mary is a little ahead of her time. A foreign diplomat died in her bed during the first series, and following the death of her husband, she's been involved in a love triangle. Now she's getting up to mischief with Lord Gillingham. It's supposed to be a secret, but her cover story is almost blown - until Violet saves the day. It seems that the battleaxe may have more reason than most to sympathise with her granddaughter's position when a face from her past reappears, hinting at a hidden past of her own. Meanwhile, Carson is dismissive of Mrs Patmore's latest problem, Branson receives a proposition about the estate's future and the circumstances of nasty valet Green's demise are scrutinised - again.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 4	Drama	8.5	We are at the halfway point of the series, and matters are hotting up nicely. Schoolteacher Sarah Bunting continues to wage her one-woman war against the Crawleys - before pushing them too far. Violet is too busy getting flustered about Prince Kuragin to notice, and finally confides in Isobel the truth about their shared past. Following her illicit trip to Liverpool with Lord Gillingham, Mary makes a decision about their relationship - but does it have any future? Thomas returns to Downton a shadow of his former self, and Baxter wonders if there's more to his mystery illness than he's letting on. Rose's father Shrimpie (guest star Peter Egan) is also back on the estate - with shocking news.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 5	Drama	8.5	There is chemistry aplenty between Richard E Grant and Elizabeth McGovern, perhaps because they previously played a married couple in the BBC's Scarlet Pimpernel series in 1998. Their Downton characters - art expert Simon Bricker and Lady Cora - have grown close over the past few weeks, and their flirting reaches boiling point in the latest episode. She's enjoying the attention he gives her, but is he about to cross a line - and does she want him to? Cora's eldest child, Mary, is also enjoying male company, this time that of Charles Blake, who's about to do her a big favour. Meanwhile, Rose meets a dashing stranger, Branson makes up his mind about Sarah Bunting and Anna is disturbed by a visit from Inspector Vyner.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 6	Drama	8.5	Following the altercation, relations between Robert and Cora are strained, while Blake's scheming starts to come to fruition when Mary is unexpectedly pitted against her love rival. Edith decides to take drastic measures after receiving terrible news, leaving various parties reeling. Baxter is embroiled in the investigation into Green's death following a mysterious tip-off, and as Thomas's health deteriorates, he finally reveals the truth to the maid. Elsewhere, love is in the air for more than one member of the Crawley family..
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 7	Drama	8.5	Secrets could be exposed as Rosamund arrives at Downton following Edith's shock departure. Rose is delighted to introduce Atticus and his parents to the Abbey, while Anna and Bates start thinking about a fresh start, now that the worst of their problems are seemingly behind them. Molesley is concerned to see Daisy becoming disillusioned with her studies, and Isobel makes a happy announcement, but there may be trouble on the horizon. Violet has her hands full with her warring servants, while Mary and Blake seize an opportunity to send Gillingham a strong message.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 8	Drama	8.5	Preparations are under way for Rose's wedding, but family tensions on both sides threaten to derail proceedings. Edith's arrangement with Marigold is happily working out, but how long can she and Cora conceal the truth from Robert? Denker reveals an unexpected side to her personality, which causes trouble for more than one of the servants. With the war memorial due to be unveiled, Mrs Patmore is still upset, but Robert has something up his sleeve. Branson comes to a heart-wrenching decision, and the storm clouds that have been gathering over Anna and Bates finally burst.
251	Downton Abbey	Episode 1	Drama	8.5	Mary's past catches up with her when an unwelcome visitor delivers an ultimatum, as secrets and rifts threaten the unity of the family. News about the running of Downton Hospital puts Violet on the warpath, while those below stairs find social changes are putting their futures in jeopardy and Daisy's good intentions at the Mallerton House auction have disastrous consequences.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets World	Drama	none	"Girl Meets World" is based on ABC's hugely popular 1993-2000 sitcom, this new comedy, set in New York City, will tell the wonderfully funny, heartfelt stories that "Boy Meets World" is renowned for - only this time from a tween girl's perspective - as the curious and bright 7th grader Riley Matthews and her quick-witted friend Maya Fox embark on an unforgettable middle school experience. But their plans for a carefree year will be adjusted slightly under the watchful eyes of Riley's parents - dad Cory, who's also a faculty member (and their new History teacher), and mom Topanga, who owns a trendy afterschool hangout that specializes in pudding.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets World	Drama	none	When Maya leads a rebellion in class, Riley joins in to try to be like her - much to her father, Cory's, dismay.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Boy	Drama	none	In an attempt to get the students in his class to stop texting and communicate in person, Cory gives them a homework assignment that teaches them how to communicate face to face, ultimately sparking a real connection between Riley and Lucas.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Sneak Attack	Drama	none	Riley becomes jealous when another girl flirts with Lucas, so she enlists Maya and Farkle's help to learn how to flirt too.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Father	Drama	none	Cory struggles with Riley growing up when he learns she'd rather go to the school dance then participate in their yearly tradition of riding the Coney Island roller coaster. Simultaneously, he is dealing with the outcome of giving Maya an "F."
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets the Truth	Drama	none	After Cory teaches a lesson on truth, Riley and Maya struggle with whether or not it was right to lie to Farkle and tell him he's a good actor and if Maya should keep the locket she found, even though it doesn't belong to her.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Popular	Drama	none	Riley is surprised when she gets invited to a party that doesn't include Maya. However, once she arrives, she soon learns it's a party filled with unpopular classmates.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Maya's Mother	Drama	none	When Maya's artwork is featured at a school event, Riley sees it as an opportunity to help Maya mend her relationship with her mother. Meanwhile, Cory and Topanga get a surprise visit from their childhood friend Minkus.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Smackle	Drama	none	When Smackle, a debate champion from another school who happens to have a crush on Farkle, realizes that he only sees her as an academic rival, she enlists Maya and Riley to give her a makeover.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets 1961	Drama	none	Cory gives the class a living-history assignment that takes the four friends back to New York City in 1961.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Crazy Hat	Drama	none	Cory divides his class into two fake companies for a lesson, one driven by profits and the other by making people happy. Meanwhile, Riley and Maya encounter a lady in the subway who is quite different than they first perceive her to be.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets World: of Terror	Drama	none	The kids face a trilogy of terror when Riley has a sleepover at Maya's with her Gammy Hart and pet ferret. Auggie confronts the monster under his bed, and Farkle tackles his most terrifying fear yet - playing softball.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets the Forgotten	Drama	none	When the kids are assigned a special lesson on appreciation, Riley and Maya are forced to work in the school cafeteria while Lucas and Farkle are assigned janitorial duty.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Flaws	Drama	none	Classmate teases Farkle for being different and not fitting in with the crowd. Hurt and confused, he stops going to class until Riley, Maya and Lucas rally him to show their classmates how to respect each other's uniqueness and show compassion to those who need it, no matter who they are.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Friendship	Drama	none	When Cory teaches his class about various forms of government, Lucas, Riley and Farkle decide to run against each other for 7th-grade class president.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Brother	Drama	none	Cory and Topanga are going out to celebrate their anniversary and decide to let Riley babysit Auggie for the first time. She enlists Maya's help, which leads Auggie to rebel against the girls.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Home For The Holidays	Drama	none	It's Christmas at the Matthews, and Cory's best friend, Shawn Hunter, Riley's grandparents, and Uncle Joshua are coming over for a holiday dinner. Meanwhile, Topanga works on executing the perfect meal to put her mother-in-law at ease while Shawn sees his likeness in Maya and forms a bond with her and Riley.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Game Night	Drama	none	Riley invites her friends along to join the traditional Matthews' Family Game Night, and Maya is excited to learn Riley's Uncle Josh is joining as well.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Master Plan	Drama	none	Maya is celebrating her 14th birthday with Riley and the Matthews but is struggling with the fact that her mom probably won't be able to join them. Meanwhile, Corey and Riley devise a plan to setup Maya's mom with Shawn when he pays a visit.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Farkle's Choice	Drama	none	Farkle is nominated for an award and must choose who to take to the awards dinner - Riley or Maya. Meanwhile, Topanga forms a book club for Auggie and his friends.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets First Date	Drama	none	Season 1 ends with Lucas asking Cory's permission to go on a date with Riley. He agrees but insists that Maya and Farkle go with them.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Gravity	Drama	none	Riley and Maya are anxious to begin eighth grade and have a new teacher, that isn't Riley's father. Meanwhile, Mrs. Svorski asks Topanga to take over at the bakery.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets the New World	Drama	none	Riley and Lucas's classmates are curious as to what's going on with their relationship, which ultimately confuses them more than ever before.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets the Secret of Life	Drama	none	A new student from Texas turns out to be an old friend of Lucas. But, the Lucas of the past isn't the Lucas who the friends have come to love.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Pluto	Drama	none	Cory, Topanga, Shawn, Riley and Maya travel to Philadelphia to dig up a time capsule that Cory, Topanga and Shawn buried 15 years ago which prompts the kids decide to create and bury one of their own.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Mr. Squirrels	Drama	none	When Riley and Maya get into a fight, Cory enlists the help of his brother, Eric, to be a mediator.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets the Tell Tale Tot	Drama	none	Riley tells a lie so she and Maya can attend a party and must deal with the guilt of sneaking around her parents.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Rules	Drama	none	When the entire class gets detention, the class divides and chaos ensues. Meanwhile, Auggie's friend Ava attempts to be nicer when she thinks she's losing him to another girl.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Hurricane	Drama	none	Someone from Shawn's past comes back into his life and the situation threatens his relationship with Maya.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Mr. Squirrels Goes to Washington	Drama	none	Uncle Eric is recruited to run for the Senate, but learns it was only because they expected him to lose. Riley and her friends rally together to help his campaign.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets the New Teacher	Drama	none	Cory defends a new teacher who comes under fire from the principal for using non-traditional ways of learning to engage students.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Fish	Drama	none	Riley is supposed to take the class fish home for the weekend, but it dies as soon as she gets it. Auggie suspects foul play.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Yearbook	Drama	none	The kids aren't satisfied with what they've been voted "Most Likely" for in the school yearbook, and take matters into their own hands to change it.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Semi-Formal	Drama	none	Riley is asked to the semi-formal dance by a classmate named Charlie and is torn whether to go with him or Lucas. Meanwhile, Cory's brother Eric is paid a visit from an old friend.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Creativity	Drama	none	When art and music are threatened to be cut from school, the kids have to find a creative way to convince the school board to show their value.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets I Am Farkle	Drama	none	Riley, Maya and Lucas emphasize the beauty of being unique as they rally around their friend Farkle Minkus, who may be on the autism spectrum and is tested for Asperger's syndrome.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Cory and Topanga	Drama	none	Riley realizes that her parents are positively impacting the world and she wonders how she's contributing.
252	Girl Meets World	Girl Meets Rileytown	Drama	none	After Maya hurts Riley's feelings, the group learns that Riley is overly sensitive because another classmate is making fun of her. Riley's friends encourage her to like herself for who she is.
257	Key & Peele	Key & Peele	Comedy	7.7	Keegan-Michael Key and Jordan Peele are the stars of "Key & Peele", a show that examines life in a distinctively provocative and irreverent way. Whether it's anger-translating the president, spoofing Nazis or ordering up some soul food, Key & Peele showcases the guys' camaraderie and unique point of view, born from their experiences growing up biracial in a not-quite-post-racial world.
257	Key & Peele	I Said Bitch	Comedy	7.7	In the premiere of this sketch-comedy series, President Obama expresses his true feelings with help from an anger translator; Lil Wayne gets used to life in jail; and two men tread carefully when it comes to talking about the women in their lives.
257	Key & Peele	Black Hawk Up	Comedy	7.7	A traffic reporter in a helicopter struggles to deal with turbulence; a community-theater crowd enjoys the show; an R&B singer shares a revelation with his partner during a performance.
257	Key & Peele	Das Negros	Comedy	7.7	A biracial man tries to impress his date; hoodlums run into trouble before a big job; slaves can't wait to leave an auction; two men hide from a white supremacist.
257	Key & Peele	The Branding	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include the black-college experience; celebrity entourages; a neighborhood's reaction to a mythical creature; controversial words; and President Obama's anger translator.
257	Key & Peele	Gay Marriage Legalized	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include mystics exercising their rights to dispense wisdom; Jaden Smith and his agent examining a script; a gay couple reacting to recent legislation; and President Obama taking on the Republican opposition.
257	Key & Peele	Flash Mob	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include a guest's requests for a DJ at a wedding reception; a barbecue with the finest food; and a trash-talking mixed-martial-arts fighter.
257	Key & Peele	Bobby McFerrin vs. Michael Winslow	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include the Tea Party's new hope; innovative military recruiters; and a duel between vocalist Bobby McFerrin and sound-effect expert Michael Winslow. Also: Jordan and Keegan discuss who is more black, and being the only black guy at a party.
257	Key & Peele	Babysitting Forest Whitaker	Comedy	7.7	The first-season finale features a babysitter dealing with a young Forest Whitaker; an apartment rented by a suspicious landlord; President Obama's desire to be treated like an ordinary citizen; and partygoers trying to liven up a bar mitzvah.
257	Key & Peele	Obama College Years	Comedy	7.7	Sketches in the Season 2 premiere include a look back at President Obama in college; a Civil War reenactment; and Jesus' encounter with a pimp.
257	Key & Peele	Dubstep	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include President Obama and his anger translator, Luther, on Mitt Romney; the speaker after Martin Luther King Jr. gave his "I Have a Dream" speech; and two friends' thoughts on what happens to their bodily waste.
257	Key & Peele	Puppy Dog Ice-T	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include Ice-T as a misbehaving puppy; Steve Jobs' successor; and a Rihanna-Chris Brown reconciliation.
257	Key & Peele	I'm Retired	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include a bachelor party that takes an odd turn; and a child's confusing genitalia.
257	Key & Peele	Bone Thugs-n-Homeless	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include a news reporter terrorized by a dog; and Harriet Tubman on the move.
257	Key & Peele	Michael Jackson Halloween	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include a Halloween with racist zombies; a reunion for the cast of the Dutch horror film "The Human Centipede"; and a struggling public school for wizards.
257	Key & Peele	Victory	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include a man who goes to extremes while chasing his girlfriend; and a nonstop party for the electro-pop duo LMFAO.
257	Key & Peele	Manly Tears	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include a drug deal gone bad; an emotional gangster; and singer Darius Rucker confronting his past as the front man for Hootie and the Blowfish
257	Key & Peele	Gangsta Standoff	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include racist superheroes; gangsters' fondness for the "Twilight" franchise; and a place where names are spoken via intestinal gas.
257	Key & Peele	Dueling Hats	Comedy	7.7	Sketches in the Season 2 finale include a tutorial on female anatomy for an extraterrestrial; a game of one-upmanship; and the last two men on Earth.
257	Key & Peele	Les Mis	Comedy	7.7	Sketches in the Season 3 premiere include inner-city substitute teacher Mr. Garvey and A-Aron; a man's girlfriend catching him watching porn; and a send-up of "Les Misérables."
257	Key & Peele	East/West Bowl Rap	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include college-football all-stars from the East/West bowl; a tale of two mobsters; and valet-parking attendants discussing Batman.
257	Key & Peele	Slap-Ass	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include the guys having a bad Skype connection; a "Django Unchained" fight; and a baseball player who likes to congratulate his teammates a bit too much.
257	Key & Peele	LA Vice	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include a boxer taunting his opponent; a thug refusing to get rid of his beer; and a man not allowed to board his flight.
257	Key & Peele	Obama Shutdown	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include a man getting too high; a soccer player going to extremes to get expelled from a match; and sex advice from a pair of experts.
257	Key & Peele	Cunnilingus Class	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include Mr. T teaching life lessons; Wendell needing a new bed; and an insult comic crossing the line.
257	Key & Peele	Sexy Vampires	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include a creepy ghost as a roommate; men trying to find a silver lining in being tortured; and a meeting with a house full of sexy vampires.
257	Key & Peele	High on Potenuse	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include a high-school student's rise to fame after stealing a joke from one of his peers; a football player penalized for excessive celebration; and a premiere of "Othello."
257	Key & Peele	Tackle & Grapple	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include the return of Meagan; a guy trying to look cool at a strip club; and a funk show for the ages.
257	Key & Peele	Black Ice	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include a police detective meeting his new partner; Samuel and Lashawn celebrating their marriage; and Lando Calrissian being followed by a "Star Wars" fan.
257	Key & Peele	The Power of Wings	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include Keegan and Jordan eavesdropping on white women who love black men; Wendell making a music video; and Kareem and Jahar going to the gym.
257	Key & Peele	East/West Bowl 2	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include more college-football all-stars from the East/West bowl; Jordan's landlord searching his apartment; and a man taken aback by a coworker's sex appeal.
257	Key & Peele	Pussy on the Chainwax	Comedy	7.7	Sketches in the Season 3 finale include two men who have a mean boss; a man getting distracted while on the phone with his girlfriend; and the origin of an expression.
257	Key & Peele	Aliens Invade Earth; Gay Wedding; Racists Express Surprising Views	Comedy	7.7	Sketches in the Season 4 premiere include an alien invasion of Earth; a family reacting to a gay relative's wedding; and surprising views from a couple of racists.
257	Key & Peele	Little Homie	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include a parole officer who uses a puppet to connect with a parolee; a man in a neck brace at a party; and a soldier's emotional reunion with his family.
257	Key & Peele	Two Old Women Battle Satan; Dance Club Patrons Face Truth	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include two women battling Satan; a man shopping for mattresses; and nightclub patrons confronting the truth about themselves.
257	Key & Peele	Baseball Player Addicted to Slapping Ass; Mobster Takes Vengeance; Steve Urkel Drives Man Insane	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include a mobster seeking vengeance on someone who wronged him; a baseball player fighting an addiction to unwanted bodily contact; and "Family Matters"' Steve Urkel driving a man insane.
257	Key & Peele	Quarterback Concussion	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include a concussed football player cheering his team on; a man accusing his wife of being unfaithful; and a restaurateur scaring away his customers.
257	Key & Peele	Scariest Movie Ever	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include a vampire revealing himself; the thwarting of a serial killer; and a child getting his wish.
257	Key & Peele	Sex Detective	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include a sex-crimes detective using unconventional methods to solve a case; an action hero rescuing his girlfriend; and an employee at a frozen-yogurt store indulging in too many samples
257	Key & Peele	Terrible Henchman	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include a man's morning ritual altered by an emergency; and a henchman cramps a supervillain's style. Also: Jordan reminds Keegan that he's a grown-up.
257	Key & Peele	Aerobics Meltdown	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include Stan Lee pitching new superheroes; a man losing his street cred; and a man creating a mnemonic device to remember a parking spot.
257	Key & Peele	Sex Addict Wendell	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include a class clown terrorizing a teacher; a man looking for love at a meeting of sex addicts; and performers getting kicked in the crotch for their art.
257	Key & Peele	Terrorist Meeting	Comedy	7.7	Sketches include terrorists planning their next move; a gangster trying to prove he's crazy; and an older brother's jealousy making a family dinner awkward.
257	Key & Peele	Y'all Ready For This?	Comedy	7.7	A football team gets hyped up before a game, President Obama and Luther meet Hillary Clinton, two guys prepare for potential threats on a flight, a band of pirates sings a chantey, and a cop is a bit too trigger-happy.
257	Key & Peele	Airplane Showdown	Comedy	7.7	A flight attendant deals with a passenger who won't fasten his seatbelt, British explorers discuss their travels, two couples try to avoid spoilers on a double date, and a prayer group receives divine intervention.
257	Key & Peele	A Cappella Club	Comedy	7.7	A PSA helps prevent child soldiers in Africa, a college a cappella group gets a new member, Meegan and André go on their first date, a terror group runs a food truck, and two old men discuss popular music.
257	Key & Peele	Severed Head Showcase	Comedy	7.7	A gospel group must practice without their coach, a group of warriors celebrate a beheading, a prisoner tries to trick his guard, and a young man is confronted for only speaking in catchphrases.
257	Key & Peele	Killer Concept Album	Comedy	7.7	A politician denies sending lewd photos; a detective interrogates a rapper; Cedric and Levi find lightning in a bottle; two Southern gentlemen compliment women; Jordan runs into an old friend; a cop takes things literally.
257	Key & Peele	The Job Interview	Comedy	7.7	Judge Jessie has a new show; a man waits for his job interview; two ladies catch up over drinks; the valets discuss Val Kilmer; a retired military specialist is briefed on a new project; a woman introduces her fiancé to her parents.
257	Key & Peele	MC Mom	Comedy	7.7	A gangster participates in a drive-by; a mom writes a song for her son; two scam artists compete with each other; an ``Undercover Boss'' reveals himself; Big Boi runs into André 3000; two guys get into a car accident.
257	Key & Peele	Hollywood Sequel Doctor	Comedy	7.7	A tickle game between two friends gets weird, a writers' room brainstorms for "Gremlins 2," a man deals with an unruly office janitor, two thugs suspect their friend snitched, and Keegan and Jordan discuss Africa at a party.
257	Key & Peele	The 420 Special	Comedy	7.7	Neil deGrasse Tyson relaxes at home, Keegan must keep it together during a job interview, a tailor deals with a gassy client, the valets discuss "Game of Thrones," and a telemarketer tries a new strategy.
257	Key & Peele	Meegan & Andre Break Up	Comedy	7.7	Andre and Meegan have a serious talk, a rapper runs into trouble while trying to storm out of an interview, and an airline passenger adapts to life in economy plus.
257	Key & Peele	The End	Comedy	7.7	''Ghostbusters'' singer Ray Parker Jr. unveils his lesser-known songs, a young man is transported to a magical land, and Jordan and Keegan reach their final destination.
258	Glue	Glue	Drama	10.0	Bafta-winning writer Jack Thorne's compelling eight-part drama series about murder and secrets set in the English countryside
258	Glue	Everyone	Drama	10.0	Overton: a tiny village in the English countryside. Farming is its bread-and-butter. Racehorses are its beating heart.
258	Glue	James/Janine	Drama	10.0	Suspicions are running high after the discovery of Cal's body. Cal's  friends - Rob, James, Tina, Janine and Annie - are questioned by the  police about what happened on the night of the murder.
258	Glue	Eli/Rob	Drama	10.0	It's Cal's funeral and the traveller community are preparing to put his  body in the ground. Tina reaches out to Eli, but he's haunted by the  unexplained changes he'd seen in Cal in the last few years. When Chris,  who was in care with Cal, appears at the graveyard, Eli follows him  hoping he has some answers, but uncovers some disturbing secrets.
258	Glue	Tina/Dominic	Drama	10.0	Tina is shocked when Dominic offers her a chance to ride Blackout in a  big race. A race Blackout must win if Jackie is to sell the horse and  save the farm. But Dominic's agenda seems increasingly sinister.
258	Glue	James/Rob/Cal	Drama	10.0	It's the annual Warwick Farm pheasant shoot and, in the circumstances,  Jackie wants to cancel. James is adamant he can handle it, but that's  before Rob interferes.
258	Glue	Rob/Tina	Drama	10.0	James is in custody and the police remain convinced that James is  guilty, but Ruth has doubts that draw her to Elizabeth Marshall's  hospital bedside.
259	Southern Justice	Southern Justice	Drama	none	Follow the Sheriff Deputies of Sullivan County, TN and Ashe County, NC as they work to keep the peace in the Blue Ridge Mountains on "Southern Justice". Get an unprecedented look into crime in Appalachia, where guns, drugs and alcohol challenge lawmen 24/7.
259	Southern Justice	Appalachian Lock-Up	Drama	none	Inmates of a county correctional facility are profiled.
259	Southern Justice	Wild Kentucky	Drama	none	Officers get a tipoff that leads them to a meth lab in the countryside. Also, a domestic violence case turns into a police chase on foot.
259	Southern Justice	Meth Manhunt	Drama	none	Southern Justice returns with a tale of three chases in Ashe County, North Carolina, and Sullivan County, Tennessee.
259	Southern Justice	Hide and Seek	Drama	none	"Berto," one of Sullivan County, Tennessee's most wanted fugitives, leads deputies on a chaotic Blue Ridge Mountain manhunt.
259	Southern Justice	Gunned Down	Drama	none	Dealing with repeat offenders who have multiple DUIs, assaults and shootings.
259	Southern Justice	Gun to the Head	Drama	none	Deputies in Sullivan County, Tenn., think they've seen it all until a dispatch call comes in to corral a donkey on the loose in the streets.
259	Southern Justice	Summer Crime Wave	Drama	none	In this episode of Southern Justice, summer is approaching, which brings more trouble to Ashe County, North Carolina. Along the Appalachians, deputies deal with multiple domestic violence calls day in and day out and even stumble upon a wanted drug dealer in process. Deputy Hopkins faces uncooperative criminals, Deputy Jackson must make a tough decision about a mentally unstable man and money is the issue in the crimes that Deputy Poff tackles.
259	Southern Justice	Blue Ridge Bandit	Drama	none	The search is on in Sullivan County, Tennessee, for a "Blue Ridge bandit," a woman with a rap sheet who is now wanted for a string of household burglaries. In Ashe County, North Carolina, Deputy Josh "Hoppy" Hopkins tries to track down a suspected meth dealer and finds he may collect not only drugs, but guns.
260	Tosh.0	Tosh.0	Comedy	4.0	Tosh.0 is a weekly topical series that delves into all aspects of the Internet, featuring razor sharp humor and biting commentary from comedian Daniel Tosh. From the absolutely absurd to the incredibly ingenious, the series features viral clips, sketches, and "Web Redemptions" which give subjects of infamous viral videos a second chance to redeem themselves from the embarrassment with which they've become synonymous. Now in its third hit season, Tosh.0 continues to be cable TV's most trusted source for exhibitionist weirdos, injurious idiots and all things Web.
260	Tosh.0	Daniel profiles a former child star who dresses like He-Man	Comedy	4.0	Daniel profiles a former child star who dresses like He-Man, proves that Oatmeal Creme Pies turn people into liars and sells his most prized possessions.
260	Tosh.0	Daniel sits down with "Deez nuts" sensation Welven Da Great	Comedy	4.0	Daniel sits down with "Deez nuts" sensation Welven Da Great, makes it safe for kids to eat sandwiches again and gets sexy with earholes.
260	Tosh.0	Car Jump Kid	Comedy	4.0	Daniel gives a bully the what-for, a makeup artist turns herself into a husky, and an amateur stuntman ups his game. (21:01)
261	The Soup	The Soup	Comedy	8.0	"The Soup" reigns in the week's wildest and most memorable moments in the world of television with hilarious commentary, outrageous clips and surprise celebrity guests.
261	The Soup	500th Episode: Adam Carolla & B. J. Novak (LIVE)	Comedy	8.0	Soup's on! The E! clip show that specializes in skewering the world of reality television celebrates its milestone 500th episode tonight by airing two live shows for both coasts. "I'm very much looking forward to it," host Joel McHale told reporters after wrapping the show's 499th episode on Aug. 14. "Also, I have full on dyslexia, so that should be great. I think it brings a sense of danger!"The episodes will feature brand new clips and special guests including The Office star B.J. Novak and radio DJ Adam Carolla. "We're going for dudes with short, very dense black hair," McHale joked. The Soup premiered on July 1, 2004 and has since established itself as a cultural influence throughout the world of television, from poking fun at The View and telenovelas to spotlighting home shopping channel gaffs. "There were shows that put us on the map like the way we'd make fun of Tila Tequila or Pants Off Dance Off," McHale said. "Being Bobby Brown was earth shatteringly good for us because that show was really nutso."While McHale has seen his fair share of terrible programming, there's one show that pushes him to his limits. "Big Brother drives me out of my mind," McHale revealed. "I think if I were to go to hell — excuse me — when I go to hell, it will be the Big Brother house. Enjoy conspiring and whispering for eternity."
261	The Soup	Deon Cole & Maria Menounos	Comedy	8.0	Joel McHale's special guests tonight are Deon Cole & Maria Menounos.
261	The Soup	Terry Crews	Comedy	8.0	Joel McHale's special guest tonight is Terry Crews.
261	The Soup	Kunal Nayyar	Comedy	8.0	Joel McHale's special guest tonight is Kunal Nayyar.
261	The Soup	TBA	Comedy	8.0	Joel McHale's special guest tonight is TBA.
261	The Soup	TBA	Comedy	8.0	Joel McHale's special guest tonight is TBA.
261	The Soup	TBA	Comedy	8.0	Joel McHale's special guest tonight is TBA.
263	Last Week Tonight With John Oliver	Last Week Tonight With John Oliver	Comedy	9.2	Presenting a satirical look at the week in news, politics and current events.
263	Last Week Tonight With John Oliver	Military Translators, Supreme Court	Comedy	9.2	This week's topics include Putin's impressive trip to Milan, a McDonald's Q&A board promising to answer all questions truthfully and the bureaucratic roadblocks preventing local nationals who translate for coalition forces from obtaining U.S. immigrant visas. This segment includes an in-studio interview with Mohammad, a translator whose attempts to obtain a visa took three years, and lost family members to the Taliban during that time. The last segment tries to solve the problem of boring news coverage of Supreme Court sessions (because the court does not allow video). Last Week Tonight shows how the coverage can be made more compelling by using animals staged as the Justices and other court employees. The show then thoughtfully provides ten minutes of raw footage for news outlets to use to create their own Supreme Court reenactments.
269	Peaky Blinders	Peaky Blinders	Drama	8.7	An epic gangster drama set in the lawless streets of 1920s Birmingham.
269	Peaky Blinders	Episode 1	Drama	8.7	Birmingham, 1919. Thomas Shelby controls the Peaky Blinders, one of the city's most feared criminal organisations, but his ambitions go beyond running the streets. When a crate of guns goes missing, Thomas recognises an opportunity to move up in the world.
269	Peaky Blinders	Episode 2	Drama	8.7	Birmingham, 1919. Thomas Shelby controls the Peaky Blinders, one of the city's most feared criminal organisations, but his ambitions go beyond running the streets. Thomas fixes a horserace, provoking the ire of local kingpin Billy Kimber. He also starts a war with gypsy family the Lees. Meanwhile, Inspector Campbell carries out a vicious raid of Small Heath in search of the stolen guns.
269	Peaky Blinders	Episode 3	Drama	8.7	Thomas Shelby plans to go to Cheltenham races in order to get closer to Billy Kimber. Knowing the gangster's appetite for beautiful women, Thomas invites Grace to accompany him. Meanwhile some IRA sympathisers approach Thomas with an offer to buy the stolen guns.
269	Peaky Blinders	Episode 4	Drama	8.7	Thomas Shelby's war with the Lee family of gypsies escalates and Campbell puts further pressure on him to deliver the stolen guns. Meanwhile, Thomas's brother John plans to marry a former prostitute, but Thomas suspects that she's still on the game.
269	Peaky Blinders	Episode 5	Drama	8.7	Thomas Shelby has to deal with an IRA chief who has come to Small Heath to avenge his cousin's death. Meanwhile, Campbell gets closer to the stolen guns, and Grace has to decide whether her loyalties lie with him or with Thomas.
269	Peaky Blinders	Episode 6	Drama	8.7	As Thomas Shelby prepares to oust Billy Kimber, hidden secrets are revealed and the family have to face up to the problems that have divided them. Meanwhile, Campbell, obsessed with taking down the Peaky Blinders, unleashes one last plan to destroy them.
269	Peaky Blinders	Episode 1	Drama	8.7	As the 1920s begin to roar, business is booming for the Peaky Blinders gang. Tommy Shelby starts to expand his legal and illegal operations, with an eye on the racetracks of the south. Meanwhile, an enemy from Tommy's past returns to Birmingham.
269	Peaky Blinders	Episode 2	Drama	8.7	Tommy offers to help Polly by searching for her children, who long ago were taken from her. In London, Tommy risks his life by meeting enigmatic leader Alfie Solomons. Meanwhile Arthur continues to feel the devastating effects of the Great War.
269	Peaky Blinders	Episode 3	Drama	8.7	Tommy hatches a plan to take control of the southern racecourses. He also meets the aristocratic May Carleton and sees an opportunity to move up in the world. Meanwhile both Major Campbell and London gangster Darby Sabini plan Tommy's downfall.
269	Peaky Blinders	Episode 4	Drama	8.7	Tommy finds out exactly what mission Major Campbell is forcing him to undertake. Arthur spearheads a ferocious takeover of London's Eden Club. Meanwhile, Polly's son Michael is welcomed into the business and quickly experiences the dark side of the Peaky Blinders.
269	Peaky Blinders	Episode 5	Drama	8.7	Tommy is caught by surprise when his powerbase in London is obliterated. As Tommy struggles to save his family and regain the upper hand, May expresses her feelings for him, and he is paid a visit by an old friend.
269	Peaky Blinders	Episode 6	Drama	8.7	As derby day arrives, Tommy is faced with impossible decisions as he plans to strike back at his enemies and take the family business to another level. Meanwhile, Major Campbell has one final card to play - one that he is certain will bring about Tommy's demise.
270	The League	The League	Comedy	7.5	The League features an ensemble cast of rising actors/comedians. Stephen Rannazzisi is "Kevin," a happily married father and commissioner of the league. Katie Aselton plays "Jenny," Kevin's wife and his better half - especially when it comes to Fantasy Football. Mark Duplass plays "Pete," the perennial league champ who is struggling to become an adult. Jon Lajoie is "Taco," Kevin's little brother, a part-time musician and full-time stoner with little interest in fantasy other than hanging with his buddies Nick Kroll plays "Ruxin," who believes he is the smartest of the group but can't figure out how exactly the other guys are screwing him over. "Andre," played by Paul Scheer has continued to be the punching bag of the group since their high school days - a fact that hasn't changed despite the fact he is now a successful plastic surgeon.
270	The League	Training Camp	Comedy	7.5	The League prepares for the draft and the arrival of Kevin and Jenny's baby boy. Taco's business dealings with Jerry Jones get the guys invited to the Dallas Cowboys' Training Camp.
270	The League	The Hoodie	Comedy	7.5	Kevin and Jenny argue over whether or not their son will be circumcised and everyone takes sides - including Shiva.
270	The League	The Freeze Out	Comedy	7.5	 Pete has a big paintball outing planned, but the married guys have to go to a kid's birthday party. Ruxin has a run in with a white sushi chef.
270	The League	The Breastalyzer	Comedy	7.5	 Kevin and Jenny discover Kristin Cavallari is in their baby group. Taco realizes he may actually have a girlfriend. Ruxin needs Rafi to take his son to swim class. Not a good idea.
270	The League	Judge MacArthur	Comedy	7.5	Kevin decides to run for judge and ends up at a charity event with Bills Quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick. The guys take an intelligence test to decide who's the smartest. Andre refuses to believe he's balding.
270	The League	The Tailgate	Comedy	7.5	 Andre's plan to take the guys tailgating is thwarted when their high school nemesis Frank "The Body" Gibiatti and his gang have the same idea. Taco tries to sell knockoff merchandise and has a run in with Chicago Great Jim McMahon.
270	The League	The Vapora Sport	Comedy	7.5	Pete fights over a pair of shoes with a man in a wheelchair. Taco teaches a dog to recognize the scent of sex. Jenny and Kevin get Ellie a piano.
270	The League	The Anchor Baby	Comedy	7.5	Ruxin is worried that Sofia has soured on their marriage, the guys try to shake free of an undesirable acquaintance, and Jenny uses insider information to make a dirty trade.
270	The League	Bro-lo El Cordero	Comedy	7.5	Andre takes advantage of Kevin after his colonoscopy, Pete suspects his Grandpa Duke  is committing adultery, and the group enlists Rafi to settle a League dispute when no one trusts Ruxin to do it.
270	The League	Our Dinner With Andre	Comedy	7.5	Kevin is blackmailed by Ellie's boyfriend, Taco helps Ruxin with his fertility issues, and Pete re-connects with his high school crush Gina Gibiatti.
270	The League	12.12.12	Comedy	7.5	Andre starts dating his interior decorator and discovers that the buyer of his old loft is Deion Sanders. Rafi and Dirty Randy  prepare for the end of the world.
270	The League	A Krampus Carol	Comedy	7.5	 Andre and Trixie's relationship is put to the test. Jenny and Pete make special offerings to Shiva. Rupert Ruxin  has a gift for his son while Taco challenges the Mall Santa.
270	The League	The Curse of Shiva	Comedy	7.5	Gina Gibiatti returns and Pete has a decision to make. Ruxin enlists Rafi to protect himself during Scrote Season. Taco Corp has a New Years Eve bash.
270	The League	The Bachelor Draft	Comedy	7.5	The League travels to Los Angeles for Andre and Trixie's destination wedding. Ruxin refuses to do his Sacko punishments and Shiva Champion Ted has a few surprises for everyone at the draft, including JJ Watt.
270	The League	The Von Nowzick Wedding	Comedy	7.5	The wedding weekend continues but what happened at the draft comes back to haunt everyone. We meet Andre's parents. Ruxin wrestles J.J. Watt for control of his fantasy team.
270	The League	Chalupa vs. The Cutlet	Comedy	7.5	Kevin and Jenny discover that Jay and Kristen Cutler's kid is attending the same preschool. Pete tries to cheer up Andre with a little help from Snoop Dogg.  Taco gives away control of his team.
270	The League	Rafi and Dirty Randy	Comedy	7.5	When their friend is murdered, Rafi and Dirty Randy  head to L.A. to avenge his death and break into the mainstream porn business.
270	The League	The Bye Week	Comedy	7.5	Ruxin misses his flight for a business trip and decides to hide out in Chicago instead of going home. Taco Corp. gets its first Worldwide Headquarters.
270	The League	Heavy Petting	Comedy	7.5	Taco Corp. starts a petting zoo business, Kevin and Ellie rebel when Jenny tries to get the family to adopt a healthier lifestyle. Pete uses Andre as a Trade Maid.
270	The League	The Bringer Show	Comedy	7.5	 Andre is taking a stand up class.  Jenny joins a women's investment club.  Pete will play Ruxin with two open slots on his team - the ultimate act of fantasy disrespect.
270	The League	Flowers for Taco	Comedy	7.5	Chalupa Batman's first words cause fantasy friction between Kevin and Jenny. Ruxin's dog loses interest in Jenny. Taco is forced to face life without marijuana.  Andre has never been pooped on by a bird.
270	The League	The Automatic Faucet	Comedy	7.5	 Pete's lineups at work are out-performing his fantasy roster. Andre makes a trade with Jenny that could threaten his career. Rafi and Taco try to cash in on Kevin's mortality.
270	The League	The Near Death Flex-perience	Comedy	7.5	Taco opens a pubic barber shop, Kevin's near death Flex-perience with Greg Jennings causes trouble with Jenny, Andre discovers a patient's electronic voice box sounds just like Ruxin.
270	The League	The Credit Card Alert	Comedy	7.5	 Ellie's basketball coach  makes life tough on everyone. Pete dates a married woman and Andre tries to help with a trade.
270	The League	Baby Geoffrey Jesus	Comedy	7.5	It's the playoffs for the Shiva. Ruxin and Sofia battle over what religion Baby Geoffrey will be. Andre tries a long con.  Kevin worries he has been taking Jenny for granted.
270	The League	The 8 Defensive Points of Hanukkah	Comedy	7.5	The Shiva and The Ruxin are on the line.  Andre confronts the #1 Plastic Surgeon in Chicago.  Rafi tries to collect a debt from Ruxin's sister Rebecca. TacoCorp. launches The Eskimo Brothers Database.
270	The League	Sitting Shiva	Comedy	7.5	Kevin struggles with being married to the Shiva champ.  Andre's new found confidence is unbearable. Taco hits the links. The guys attend a funeral.
270	The League	Tefl-Andre	Comedy	7.5	Jay Glazer does a big favor for Andre, Kevin is diagnosed with Low T, Ruxin meddles with Baby Geoffrey's Little League team.
270	The League	The Height Supremacist	Comedy	7.5	Andre gets punished by the rest of the League, Jenny picks her team based on height, Ellie invites Darren Sproles to a dance, Pete needs the help of TacoCorp.
270	The League	When Rafi Met Randy	Comedy	7.5	 Rafael and Randall meet in a mental institution.
270	The League	The Hot Tub	Comedy	7.5	Kevin and Jenny get a hot tub, Taco shops for a new home, Pete tries to put and end to hand holding.
270	The League	Breast Awareness Month	Comedy	7.5	 Andre uses Breast Cancer Awareness Month as an excuse to wear pink.  Taco starts his own Charity.  Kevin has a run in with his doctor.
270	The League	The Heavenly Fowler	Comedy	7.5	 Andre rescues a cat.  Pete has to choose between a great prank and a great girl. Kevin plays basketball with his priest.
270	The League	Man Land	Comedy	7.5	Jenny's dad  takes the guys camping. Andre and Russell go into business together. Pete's new team name offends Kevin who refuses to say it.
270	The League	Taco Standard Time	Comedy	7.5	Taco takes on the end of Daylight Savings Time. The guys try to help Lane  during a difficult time. Andre and his cat M'Lady are on the rocks.
270	The League	Epi-Sexy	Comedy	7.5	Pete is dating a girl who has seizures during sex, Andre starts wearing glasses, Taco's frittata friend  teaches Jenny to cook.
270	The League	EBDBBnB	Comedy	7.5	Taco and Andre both want the guys to watch football at their new establishments. Pete tries to hide something he has in common with Andre.  Ruxin is disgusted by his co-worker's hygiene habits.
270	The League	The Beach House	Comedy	7.5	Ted's beach house is up for grabs in the Season 6 finale.
270	The League	That Other Draft	Comedy	7.5	Marshawn Lynch attends the Taco Corp Annual Board Meeting, Jenny is a VIP at the big Draft in Chicago, Kevin has a run in with Seahawks GM John Schneider, and Pete bumps into his ex-wife Meegan.
270	The League	The Draft of Innocence	Comedy	7.5	Pete and Andre are not speaking to each other, everyone hates Andre's plan for a "theme" draft, everyone in the league agrees to do an auction draft which leads to huge problems.
270	The League	The Blind Spot	Comedy	7.5	Football is back and everyone fights over where to watch the games. Ruxin has his house to himself, sort of. Taco launches EBDBPrime.
270	The League	Deflategate	Comedy	7.5	Andre gets sued by Frank 'The Body' Gibbiati. Jenny gets relationship advice from Green Bay wide receiver Randall Cobb.
270	The League	The Bully	Comedy	7.5	Kevin is uncomfortable with Ellie's new sex-ed class. Taco starts a Little Eskimo Brothers program at the EBDBBnB.
270	The League	The Beer Mile	Comedy	7.5	Pete decides to run the Beer Mile with Taco as his coach. Kevin tries to figure out where the gardener goes to the bathroom. Jenny's matchup with Andre means playing Andre and Meegan.
270	The League	The Last Temptation Of Andre	Comedy	7.5	The tables are turned when Taco and Detroit Wide Receiver Golden Tate create a fantasy workplace league and draft the guys. Andre joins a Korean church in pursuit of a better parking spot.
280	Franklin & Bash	Franklin & Bash	Comedy	9.5	This buddy lawyer series stars Mark-Paul Gosselaar and Breckin Meyer as two young, fly-by-the-seat-of-their-pants street lawyers who cause a seismic culture clash when they join a legendary, button-down law firm.
280	Franklin & Bash	Coffee and Cream	Comedy	9.5	After legal heavyweight Rachel King  humiliates Franklin & Bash on national television, Stanton hires her to help run the firm. Peter and Jared represent a famous magician  after a bracelet vanishes and never reappears. Damien intentionally re-releases an embarrassing viral video with hopes to expedite his judicial appointment. Pindar finds a termite in his bed and has the house tented, but staying on the outside proves too difficult and results in the Man Cave's destruction.
280	Franklin & Bash	Dead and Alive	Comedy	9.5	The gang moves into Infeld's beach house and Peter is quick to pursue their beautiful neighbor, Charlie. Jared and Peter must prove a veteran is alive after a clerical error wrongfully pronounced him deceased and he is poised to lose his house. Karp is increasingly concerned about Infeld's erratic behavior, which comes to a head when he befriends a Ukrainian drive-through worker and plans to marry her for a visa extension so she can pursue the American dream.
280	Franklin & Bash	Good Lovin'	Comedy	9.5	When Peter's mother  is arrested on prostitution charges it's up to theboys to prove her methods are purely therapeutic. But when Jared's sexually demanding fling with the opposing DA renders him exhausted and useless, Peter must single handedly confront his mother on the stand and distill her true motive. Meanwhile Damien attempts to woo a judge  with hopes to gainendorsement for his bench after he retires.
280	Franklin & Bash	Captain Johnny	Comedy	9.5	Wager is made between Rachel and the boys as to whose case will garner better PR for the firm -- Jared and Peter's defense of a fisherman in which they invoke "Pirate Law" or Rachel's case, a wrongful termination involving a self-proclaimed psychic. Meanwhile, Peter and Jared acquire a "discarded" curbside sofa, which Pindar discovers is a certain celebrity. This renews a feud between the star and their landlord, Stanton.
280	Franklin & Bash	By The Numbers	Comedy	9.5	Peter and Jared represent a brilliant actuary  who buys a dying woman's life insurance policy for pennies on the dollar and then is accused of her murder. Damien and Infeld work with a Venice Beach beekeeper, and Peter makes headway with Charlie, but is surprised to learn she has a daughter.
280	Franklin & Bash	Freck	Comedy	9.5	Jared and Peter come to the aid of their friend Robbie  who's been charged with murdering his long-time practical joke adversary. The boys must cast aside their instincts as lawyers and channel their inner prankster to draw out the truth. Damien handles a case for Infeld's foundation; a turf war for shelf space between a supermarket and a non-profit that employs rehabilitated criminals. Peter finally gets to meet Charlie's daughter who takes a shine to Pindar.
280	Franklin & Bash	Control	Comedy	9.5	Peter and Jared attempt to silence a relentless heckler who's singled out a major league prospect. Rachel reluctantly handles her family's litigation against a bull semen distributor, and Karp's quest to judgeship hits a roadblock when his mentor is found dead on a golf course. Meanwhile, Peter's future with Charlie takes a back seat to her potential career commitments.
280	Franklin & Bash	Out of the Blue	Comedy	9.5	On Rachel's order, Peter and Jared must court a client whose business was struck by a priceless meteorite. Once the government tries to seize the artifact, the boys' legal maneuvering steers their client toward his Indian ancestry in an effort to save it. Infeld defends Damien for the murder of a judge, subsequently revealing a few secrets of his own about that fateful day.
280	Franklin & Bash	Shoot to Thrill	Comedy	9.5	Peter and Jared defend a bounty hunter  who's been charged with excessive use of force, resulting in an F&B-style courtroom demonstration that literally blows up in their face. Jared tries to cheer Peter up by bringing him along on a double date. Karp takes a Franklin and Bash approach to life after some good news, and Pindar's stalking of their famous neighbor turns ugly when he crashes a drone onto his deck and finds Peter's girlfriend Charlie in his company.
280	Franklin & Bash	Gone In A Flash	Comedy	9.5	Subpoena of Pindar's computer unearths evidence that he may have been responsible for the destruction of the Man Cave. An insurance fraud investigation is spearheaded  which ultimately implicates the entire F&B gang. Karp finally gets his shot before a judicial selection committee but quickly finds they know way too much about his past, and Peter and Charlie plan one last "montage" before she leaves for San Francisco and their summer of love comes to an end. Infeld is finally able to make peace with his old foe.
280	Franklin & Bash	The Curse of Hor-Aha	Comedy	9.5	Four months after the arrest of Stanton Infeld, Peter and Jared find themselves in charge of the newly renamed Infeld, Daniels, Franklin & Bash. Enter Mason Trawley  an archaeologist who believes he's been unfairly locked out of a storage unit containing many treasured artifacts, among which is the death mask of Egyptian Pharaoh Hor-Aha. Peter and Jared agree to take Trawley's case, but soon find themselves questioning their client's sanity when a former professor claims Trawley is unstable and possibly dangerous. Peter, and Jared hire private investigator Dan Mundy  to discreetly search the firm's computers for evidence that might exonerate Infeld of his supposed crimes. Meanwhile, Ellen Swatello  the newest partner to join the IDFB ranks, defends a Medical Marijuana Dispensary in danger of being closed in order for a Day Care Center to open up down the street, resulting in a weed-iation. Also joining the firm is young attorney Anita Haskins.
280	Franklin & Bash	Kershaw v. Lincecum	Comedy	9.5	The firm's newest attorney, Anita Haskins, takes point on a seemingly simple divorce case, but when it's revealed that the plaintiff is married to a plastic surgeon who's been subletting at the firm, Peter and Jared step in to ensure they don't lose the much needed revenue stream. They guys must now win the case by proving the surgeon cheated on her/with her. Also, a promise to score tickets to a highly anticipated baseball game sends the boys calling in favors all over town leading to a kiss Peter or Jared will never forget. Creed Bratton also guest stars.
280	Franklin & Bash	Love Is the Drug	Comedy	9.5	Driver who works for a crowd-sourced taxi service is accused of stealing celebrity handbags with the help of one of his passengers. Peter and Jared have their work cut out for them when it's revealed the passenger used a fake identity to book the rides, and left their client to take the fall. The guys must find the mystery girl and convince her to confess, but when they do, they discover the driver's crush on her is so debilitating, it's almost clinical, giving them no choice but to put his neurochemicals on the stand and prove his "crush" is akin to that of a "judgment impairing drug." Meanwhile, furious that his caricature has been removed from a local restaurant, Infeld sucker-punches the owner, re-sparking a bitter rivalry. To avoid a costly settlement that could bury him and the firm in debt, Franklin & Bash arrange a more old-school measure to appease the victim: Infeld must take one punch from guest star Mike Tyson.
280	Franklin & Bash	Good Cop/Bad Cop	Comedy	9.5	Peter and Jared become the targets of a dirty cop while helping a client win back his beachfront property from a greedy land developer. Concerned for their safety, the boys turn to Peter's old flame Officer Wendy McQuiag  to help expose the corruption and keep them out of trouble until they can win the case. Meanwhile, a newly reinstated Stanton Infeld competes with his nephew Karp, now at a rival firm, for high-powered piece of business.
280	Franklin & Bash	Deep Throat	Comedy	9.5	Peter and Jared tackle journalist shield law when they agree to defend a high school newspaper reporter accused of running a smear campaign against another student. Winning this one is especially important to Peter because the mother of the young journalist is an old High School flame who got away. Meanwhile, Jared and Swattello are required to fill out HR forms detailing the nature of their professional relationship and Infeld sues a dry cleaner over a pair of extremely overpriced pants.
280	Franklin & Bash	Dance the Night Away	Comedy	9.5	Peter's mom  brings the boys the tantalizingly touching case of an injured stripper. Realizing they're going to have to think outside the box to help the beautiful ladies of Kandy's, they do the Franklin & Bashiest maneuver to date, and help the strippers of Los Angeles unionize. The guys' old nemesis Damien Karp rejoins the firm, and Peter exchanges his legal services for the lavish title of Duke in lieu of pay, culminating in a gala at which Jared drunkenly makes a pass at Peter's mom - or is it the other way around? Kevin McKidd and James Remar also guest star.
280	Franklin & Bash	Honor Thy Mother	Comedy	9.5	Jared wakes up in bed next to Peter's mom  equal parts thrilled and horrified that he's slept with his best friend's mom. Peter finds out about it and things get awkward, but the guys must quickly put aside their differences on the issue to save their beloved diner after it's been shut down and is in the process of being bought out by a competitor. Also, Pindar  returns from his travels abroad and informs the guys he's engaged - but is his fiancée real?
280	Franklin & Bash	Falcon's Nest	Comedy	9.5	Franklin & Bash attempt to help their buddy Danny Dubois  with an adult adoption in order to secure his residence in an age-restricted retirement community where he lives with his much older friend, and aging Adonis, The Falcon. But as the case unfolds it becomes clear to the guys that The Falcon is actually the one who needs to be adopted and reigned in before one of his wild drinking binges ends up killing him. Karp and Anita join forces to prevent a scientist from losing an important grant after an airline declares an "Act of God" grounded her plane.
280	Franklin & Bash	Spirits in the Material World	Comedy	9.5	Jared convinces a frightened Peter to delve into "Haunted House Law" with hopes to save a recently retired couple from having to declare bankruptcy. The boys must prove a real estate giant knowingly deceived their clients, by hiding the fact that a grizzly death happened on the property. But it won't be easy, as the tycoon has hired a former protégé of theirs who knows all of their tricks. After being thwarted at every turn, and forbidden to discuss "the paranormal" in court, they exploit a technicality and convince the judge  to allow a jury field trip that brings the court face-to-face with a terrifying gypsy  winner Cloris Leachman). Karp accompanies Anita to her Moot Court Reunion, where she faces off against an old law-school rival, resulting in Anita becoming TheChive.com's hottest lawyer of the year.
280	Franklin & Bash	Red or Black	Comedy	9.5	Infeld is convinced he's going to die after a mysterious invitation beckons him to Las Vegas to confront his destiny. The boys and Dan Mundy follow him to the city of sin, and try to convince him that his death isn't supposed to happen, and that the whole thing is a self-fulfilling prophecy, but soon find their own futures hanging in the balance when they're arrested for cheating a casino out of thousands. Franklin & Bash must put Vegas itself on trial in order to win the day, which they do... but the win is bittersweet, as the whole ordeal has raised serious question about their destiny. It's decided that the future of the legal team of Franklin & Bash will rest solely on one spin of the roulette wheel. Will it be red or black?
282	Awkward	Awkward	Drama	5.3	This series takes an irreverent look at the conflict, chaos and humor that defines teenage life through the eyes of 15-year-old Jenna Hamilton, whose life begins to change when a simple accident becomes an epic misunderstanding and is blown way out of proportion.Narrated in the first-person voice of Jenna's blog posts, "Awkward." captures the humor within the struggles and experiences everyone can relate to from their formative years. The series picks up in the aftermath of the accident as she must deal with a new not-so-fun stigma, while at the same time managing the other daily drama that comes with being a teenager. From a secret relationship with a popular guy, to being undermined by a mean girl, and parents who just don't get it - Jenna's misfortune will eventually serve as the catalyst for amazing change, but it's not without some missteps and mishaps along the way.
282	Awkward	Pilot	Drama	5.3	Ordinary teen Jenna Hamilton (Ashley Rickards) is thrust into the spotlight at school after a simple accident leads everyone to believe she attempted suicide in the series premiere.
282	Awkward	Knocker Nightmare	Drama	5.3	Mean girls Sadie and Lissa snap a nude photo of Jenna in the girls' locker room and send it to the entire school, eliciting some surprising reactions.
282	Awkward	The Way We Weren't	Drama	5.3	Matt invites Jenna to a party, making her wonder if he's ready to make their relationship public. Meanwhile, she also starts to realize that she might have more in common with Jake.
282	Awkward	The Scarlet Eye	Drama	5.3	Tamara becomes happily involved in her first sex scandal after contracting pink eye while making out in a hot tub. Also: Jenna tries to define her relationship with Matty.
282	Awkward	Jenna Lives	Drama	5.3	Jenna gets a strange stalker, and worries that her reputation is keeping Matty from seeing her as girlfriend material.
282	Awkward	Queen Bee-atches	Drama	5.3	Jenna mingles with the mean girls at an elite charity event. Later, things get even more awkward when she runs into Matty and Jake.
282	Awkward	Over My Dead Body	Drama	5.3	A mock DUI event is held at the school, and Jenna gets cast as the victim. Meanwhile, Jake and Matty vie for her attention.
282	Awkward	The Adventures of Aunt Ally and the Lil' Bitch	Drama	5.3	Jenna throws a wild bash, with help from her mom and her mom's best friend. The next day, a hungover Jenna struggles to reconstruct the events of the night, which ended with a kiss.
282	Awkward	My Super Bittersweet Sixteen	Drama	5.3	Jenna turns 16, but her birthday celebration doesn't go as planned after she fails her driving test and is forced to deal with repercussions from everyone she's alienated.
282	Awkward	No Doubt	Drama	5.3	Matty asks Jenna out on their first official date, but a revelation has Jenna questioning everything about their romance.
282	Awkward	I am Jenna Hamilton	Drama	5.3	It's time for winter formal, and Jenna hopes that Matty will ask her to be his date.
282	Awkward	Fateful	Drama	5.3	Jenna is forced to choose between Jake and Matty in the Season 1 finale. Meanwhile, Tamara's love life takes a surprising turn; and Ming brings an unexpected date to Winter Formal.
282	Awkward	Resolutions	Drama	5.3	A gift from Jake forces Jenna to decide whether she's ready to leave her past with Matty behind for good in the Season 2 opener.
282	Awkward	Sex, Lies and the Sanctuary	Drama	5.3	Jenna revels in her and Jake's official relationship status until she learns a hidden camera is filming at the Sanctuary. She then goes to great lengths to destroy the tape, enlisting Ming and others to help.
282	Awkward	Three's a Crowd	Drama	5.3	Jenna tries to stay friends with Matty, but his nonstop flirting and clingy behavior make it difficult.
282	Awkward	Are You There God? It's Me, Jenna.	Drama	5.3	Jenna struggles with her parents' separation. Feeling responsible, she tries to absolve herself by attending a church camp.
282	Awkward	My Love is a Black Heart	Drama	5.3	As Valentine's Day approaches, Jenna and Tamara get jealous that their exes might be moving on without them.
282	Awkward	What Comes First: Sex or Love?	Drama	5.3	Still reeling from Jake's proclamation of love, Jenna considers sleeping with him, believing sex might bring her some clarity about her own feelings.
282	Awkward	Another One Bites the Dust	Drama	5.3	Jenna is determined to take her relationship with Jake to the next level, but there are obstacles, including her Aunt Ally's wedding, a man from her mom's past and a scheming Sadie.
282	Awkward	Time After Time	Drama	5.3	A series of badly timed revelations leave both Jenna and Jake devastated.
282	Awkward	Homewrecker Hamilton	Drama	5.3	Jenna struggles with her complicated love life, and an unexpected text message makes things even worse.
282	Awkward	Pick Me, Choose Me, Love Me	Drama	5.3	Jake and Matty demand answers from Jenna after reading her blog.
282	Awkward	Once Upon a Blog	Drama	5.3	Jenna fictionalizes her blog in an attempt to change her fate.
282	Awkward	The Other Shoe	Drama	5.3	Jenna prepares for her trip to Europe as her decision about the boys goes public in the Season 2 finale.
282	Awkward	Cha-cha-cha-changes	Drama	5.3	Jenna looks ahead to life after high school in the Season 3 premiere.
282	Awkward	Responsibly Irresponsible	Drama	5.3	A classmate's death prompts Jenna to be more reflective and responsible.
282	Awkward	A Little Less Conversation	Drama	5.3	Matty becomes distant from Jenna.
282	Awkward	Let's Talk about Sex	Drama	5.3	Jenna's dad intervenes in her and Matty's relationship.
282	Awkward	Indecent Exposure	Drama	5.3	Jenna has second thoughts after Matty moves in.
282	Awkward	That Girl Strikes Again	Drama	5.3	The ghosts of Jenna's past reveal themselves on Halloween.
282	Awkward	Guilt Trippin'	Drama	5.3	Jenna recalls bad memories while attending a dance.
282	Awkward	Rubbed Raw and Reeling	Drama	5.3	Jenna makes a disturbing revelation about herself.
282	Awkward	Reality Check	Drama	5.3	Jenna develops a crush on Collin.
282	Awkward	Redefining Jenna	Drama	5.3	Collin invites Jenna to a photography showcase at his house, causing tension between her and Matty.
282	Awkward	Surprise!	Drama	5.3	Jenna hooks up with Colin.
282	Awkward	And Then What Happened	Drama	5.3	Questions arise about Jenna and Matty's future together.
282	Awkward	Taking Sides	Drama	5.3	Jenna takes drastic measures against her friends.
282	Awkward	The Bad Seed	Drama	5.3	Jenna ends friendships with Tamara and Ming but winds up in a tricky situation.
282	Awkward	A Very Special Episode of Awkward	Drama	5.3	The students write and produce an after-school special.
282	Awkward	Less Than Hero	Drama	5.3	Jenna gets into trouble while trying to blow off steam.
282	Awkward	The Campaign Fail	Drama	5.3	Jenna seeks forgiveness from her friends and family.
282	Awkward	Old Jenna	Drama	5.3	Jenna rekindles an old flame.
282	Awkward	Karmic Relief	Drama	5.3	Jenna tries to help Val get her job back.
282	Awkward	Who I Want to Be	Drama	5.3	Jenna questions herself in the Season 3 finale.
282	Awkward	No Woman is an Island	Drama	5.3	Jenna is humiliated in school and at home in the Season 4 premiere.
282	Awkward	Listen To This	Drama	5.3	Jenna struggles to communicate with Matty. Meanwhile, Tamara questions Jake's musical talent.
282	Awkward	Touched by an Angel	Drama	5.3	Jenna gets upset with Matty when they try to be friends with benefits.
282	Awkward	Sophomore Sluts	Drama	5.3	Rivals emerge for Jenna and Tamara.
282	Awkward	Overnight	Drama	5.3	Jenna and Tamara go on an overnight college visit. Meanwhile, new rivalries and romances emerge at a party.
282	Awkward	Crowning Moments	Drama	5.3	Jenna manages a male beauty pageant. Meanwhile, Tamara desperately tries to win Jake back.
282	Awkward	After Hours	Drama	5.3	Jenna sets Matty and Eva up on a date.
282	Awkward	Prison Breaks	Drama	5.3	Jenna visits Luke at college. Meanwhile, Matty and Jake spend a night in jail; and Tamara has an unexpected hookup.
282	Awkward	My Personal Statement	Drama	5.3	Jenna and Tamara face the possibility of a future apart.
282	Awkward	Snow Job	Drama	5.3	Rivalries and romances come to a head during a ski trip.
282	Awkward	Snow Job (2)	Drama	5.3	Rivalries and romances come to a head during a ski trip.
282	Awkward	Finals	Drama	5.3	Jenna struggles to focus on her finals.
282	Awkward	Auld Lang Party	Drama	5.3	Jenna's New Year's Eve plans go awry.
282	Awkward	Welcome to Hell	Drama	5.3	Jenna is hurt by a rejection.
282	Awkward	Bonfire of the Vanities	Drama	5.3	A secret document is uncovered by Jenna and Tamara.
282	Awkward	#drama	Drama	5.3	A secret is revealed, causing friction between Jenna and Tamara.
282	Awkward	The New Sex Deal	Drama	5.3	Jenna rents a party bus for Valentine's Day.
282	Awkward	Girl Rules	Drama	5.3	Jenna is pitted against Matty's new girlfriend; Sadie and Tamara battle for cheerleading dominance.
282	Awkward	Over the Hump	Drama	5.3	Jenna struggles with stress from college applications and boy drama.
282	Awkward	Sprang Break (1)	Drama	5.3	The gang head to a beach house in Mexico.
282	Awkward	Sprang Break (2)	Drama	5.3	The gang visit a beach house in Mexico in the conclusion of the two-part Season 4 finale.
282	Awkward	Prank Amateurs	Drama	5.3	In the Season 5 premiere, senior pranks cause chaos; and Jenna's vow to not think about Matty is tested when she overhears a disturbing secret.
282	Awkward	Short Circuit Party	Drama	5.3	Jenna causes an accident at school; and Matty deals with the aftermath of his confrontation with Jake.
282	Awkward	Jenna in Wonderland	Drama	5.3	Jenna becomes popular; Matty struggles with being an outcast; Jake goes after a new girl; and Ally hosts a sex toy party.
282	Awkward	Now You See Me, Now I Don't	Drama	5.3	Jenna's depressed by her senior superlative in the yearbook.
282	Awkward	The Dis-Engagement Dinner	Drama	5.3	Jenna is forced to throw a party to celebrate Tamara's fake engagement; and Gabby shares a secret about Matty that sends Jenna in search of the truth.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Mr. Selfridge	Drama	5.5	Mr Selfridge tells the story of 'Mile a Minute Harry', a man with a mission to make shopping as thrilling as sex.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 1	Drama	5.5	In Episode 1 of Mr. Selfridge, upstart American Harry Selfridge moves heaven and earth to build his visionary department store in London. But opening day is just the start of his retail revolution.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 2	Drama	5.5	Harry Selfridge skirts scandal by putting cosmetics at the front of the store. Meanwhile, his private life gets complicated as Ellen Love, Lady Mae, and his wife, Rose, make waves.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 3	Drama	5.5	Ellen's future as the Spirit of Selfridge's is on the line. Renowned ballerina Anna Pavlova causes a sensation at the store. And Rose makes a revelation to her doting portrait painter, Roddy.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 4	Drama	5.5	Spunky shop girl Agnes Towler returns to work. But all is not well, as Harry and Rose face a moment of truth, Ellen confronts Harry, and alcohol, pills, and driving under the influence take their toll.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 5	Drama	5.5	Mr. Grove takes over in Harry's absence, but faces irate temperance marchers and other challenges. How would Harry handle it? Agnes gets to know Henri, the window dresser.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 6	Drama	5.5	Two dead relatives show up at a store séance prompted by Sherlock Holmes creator Arthur Conan Doyle. Agnes gets moved to fashion and develops a closer relationship to Henri.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 7	Drama	5.5	F. W. Woolworth tries to undercut his old friend and competitor, Harry, who gives the discount king a run for his money. The temperature rises with Agnes and Henri.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 8	Drama	5.5	Tragedy strikes on the day polar explorer Sir Ernest Shackleton comes to the store. An even greater celebrity plans a visit, and Harry and Rose attend a shocking play.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 1	Drama	5.5	Once considered the vulgar venture of an upstart American, Selfridge & Co. is now the toast of London, about to celebrate its fifth anniversary. The store's staff plans a surprise for Harry, and unexpected guests show up. Meanwhile, the latest sensation is a new nightclub, run by libertine Delphine Day, who is a new friend of Harry's wife, Rose. Are the two institutions—Selfridges and Delphine's—destined to cross paths? In other action, Lady Mae's husband, Lord Loxley, is back in her life again. Rose spots a ghostly but familiar face at Delphine's. And Agnes gets a huge promotion but makes a bitter enemy. On the larger stage, the Archduke of Austria is assassinated, touching off a crisis on the Continent.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 2	Drama	5.5	"Empire Week" at Selfridges symbolizes all that Britain has to fight for, and it's up to Agnes to create displays that evoke every corner of the realm. Overwhelmed, she gets unexpected help. Meanwhile, Harry gets an unexpected visit from Lord Loxley, who is suspiciously civil and offers to line up a celebrity guest for the celebration. But he wants advice from Harry in return. Mr. Crabb calls on American know-how to help Mr. Grove keep his job. Frank has a date with Kitty. Miss Mardle makes a startling revelation. And all await Mr. Churchill's arrival at the store…
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 3	Drama	5.5	It's August 1914, and Britain is now at war with Germany. Expecting the great adventure to be over by Christmas, young men flock to enlist, including a large contingent of Selfridges staff. Though an American himself, Harry rises to the occasion, promising the men their jobs when they return and hosting a benefit for victims of the German invasion of Belgium. Mr. Grove shocks Mr. Crabb with a bold strategy for meeting the store's manpower needs. Lord Loxley's plot deepens. And Henri gets deeper into a mysterious transaction.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 4	Drama	5.5	Young Englishmen are off to war, and Harry's son, Gordon, is itching to enlist. Only fifteen, he is assigned to man the tea counter at the store instead. Harry is also itching to do something war-related and angles for a spot on the government's military procurement committee. This leads to a high-stakes poker game, pitting the canny American against none other than Lord Loxley, who aims to give "that Yank the trouncing of his life!" Meanwhile, Miss Mardle has invited Agnes to share her new home and welcomes a Belgian refugee as well. Mr. Thackeray, head of fashion, gives himself a special war assignment: get to the bottom of Henri's suspicious behavior!
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 5	Drama	5.5	Business carries on at Selfridges, where German-made goods are being replaced with English products. Harry organizes a patriotic concert to benefit the troops, featuring a popular music hall tenor (portrayed by Alfie Boe) who gets Lady Mae (his former stage partner) to join him. Miss Mardle's new lodger, a Belgian violinist, also participates in the concert, raising some eyebrows. Amid the festivities, a complex drama unfolds that sets the future course of events for Henri and Harry—all while the unsuspecting audience sings "It's a Long Way to Tipperary." It's a very long way indeed.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 6	Drama	5.5	Discussing Harry's mysterious disappearance on a business trip to the Continent, Kitty tells Frank: "It's like he's vanished into thin air!" During the chief's absence, Henri lands in trouble, one of the staff is killed at the front, Josie finds unexpected joy, and Frank publishes a shocking scandal. As if that isn't enough, Rose faces a falling out with those close to her, and bad news arrives about another soldier on the staff.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 7	Drama	5.5	Harry returns, making a revelation concerning the press rumors surrounding his absence. Delphine creates a stir by arranging a spending spree by Keystone Studios head Mack Sennett, his biggest star, Mabel Normand, and a bevy of Sennett bathing beauties, who are all on a junket to London. Meanwhile, Henri is spared a legal dilemma only to land in a romantic one. Miss Mardle also faces a love quandry, and Lady Mae has trouble exiting from her miserable marriage.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 8	Drama	5.5	Tempers flare as Harry and Loxley face off, Miss Mardle gives Mr. Grove a tongue-lashing, Victor and Henri clash, Kitty tells Frank to shape up, and Delphine finds her influence wavering. Meanwhile, an American journalist searches for the happy side of Selfridges, the store promotes "the comforts of home," Agnes gets her fifteen minutes of fame, Mr. Grove gets a long-sought heir, and Lady Mae manages to save the day.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 1	Drama	5.5	It is now 1919 and the war is over. After losing his beloved wife, Harry and his family look forward to a happy family event - his daughter Rosalie is to be married.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 2	Drama	5.5	While Harry decides to pursue a new charitable project, Crabb is faced with a massive professional dilemma. Agnes faces an unexpected challenge very close to home.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 3	Drama	5.5	Harry goes ahead with his plans for the estate, buying a field at auction - only to find there is an unexpected rival bidder. Henri continues to behave erratically.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 4	Drama	5.5	Frank is horrified to realise that he might have been complicit in his own wife's attack. Violette has her eye on Victor. Henri and Agnes are struggling.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 5	Drama	5.5	Harry and Nancy's secret romance continues. There is a race for the post of deputy manager. Princess Marie is forced to reveal the truth about her situation.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 7	Drama	5.5	Nancy begins to feel the weight of her deception as her fling with Harry continues, while Mr Selfridge finds himself pushed into a corner when he clashes with Loxley at a shareholders' meeting. Reality soon hits home as Victor and Violette take a romantic trip to the coast, and George grows increasingly unhappy at the club. As Mr Grove struggles to face up to recent events, Miss Mardle offers her support, but beneath the surface she is racked with guilt - and when he finds out the truth, he makes a rash decision.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 8	Drama	5.5	Harry is thrown when Nancy suddenly announces they should keep their relationship professional, at least until the Selfridge Estate is finished. A grieving Mr Grove is keen to carry on as normal, but continues to shun Miss Mardle, while Grace and Gordon have an embarrassing encounter with Mr Crabb. Victor and Elsa come up with a new idea for Colleano's, Violette catches the eye of a visiting French count, and a huge `Britain at Play' promotion is launched in the store to keep the shareholders happy.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 9	Drama	5.5	Harry takes a massive gamble with the biggest flash sale in the store's history, while Nancy finds it difficult to keep their engagement a secret from Gus, and a meddling Princess Marie makes things even trickier when she starts to smell a rat. As Gordon and Grace try to get back on track, Violette is presented with a pragmatic life choice. Miss Mardle and Mr Grove come to blows again, and Loxley manipulates the board into making a decisive move against Mr Selfridge.
284	Mr. Selfridge	Episode 10	Drama	5.5	Harry locks horns with Loxley in a dramatic boardroom confrontation before he announces his engagement to Nancy, while it becomes clear to the future bride that the con may not last much longer as Princess Marie grows more suspicious about the Selfridge Estate project. Harry is later forced to face an unimaginable truth, while Gordon must make a big romantic decision and Mr Grove accepts the error of his ways, setting out to put things right.
285	Signed, Sealed, Delivered	Signed, Sealed, Delivered	Drama	8.6	"Signed, Sealed, Delivered" is about a group of postal workers that transform themselves into an untraditional team of detectives to track down intended recipients of undeliverable mail. Their missions take them out of the office into an unpredictable world where redirected letters and packages can save lives, solve crimes, reunite old loves and change futures by arriving late but somehow on time.
285	Signed, Sealed, Delivered	Time to Start Livin'	Drama	8.6	It's the start of a new week for the team of intrepid postal detectives tasked with tracking down the recipients of undeliverable mail. Amongst the hustle and bustle of shuffling letters, Oliver O'Toole (Eric Mabius), the rigid leader of the team, makes his way to the office. As he moves through the mailroom, he bumps into department newcomer and resident technophile Shane McInerney (Kristin Booth). As Oliver and Shane arrive at the dead letter office they are greeted by the free-spirited, "girl next door" Rita Haywith (Crystal Lowe) and the nerdy but lovable Norman Dorman (Geoff Gustafson). It's a particularly special day at for the dead letter team as they prepare to welcome their new supervisor, the legendary Theresa Capodiamonte (Valerie Harper)!
285	Signed, Sealed, Delivered	For Christmas	Drama	8.6	With a duty to deliver every last letter before Christmas, the beloved quartet of post office detectives—Oliver (Eric Mabius), Shane (Kristin Booth), Rita (Crystal Lowe) and Norman (Geoff Gustafson)—are working around the clock to redirect Santa's mail just as Oliver runs into his former Sunday school teacher (Marion Ross). When they receive an emotional last-minute plea not meant for Saint Nick, but instead written to God, they must delay their own travel plans to make sure one little girl doesn't lose her Christmas joy—something Oliver and Shane are also struggling to find as they each face painful holiday memories. With a little guidance from a mysterious post office volunteer, Jordan (Rob Estes), the Postables are more surprised than anyone to discover they've been a part of more than one miracle on this Christmas Eve.
285	Signed, Sealed, Delivered	From Paris, With Love	Drama	8.6	Eric Mabius, Kristin Booth, Crystal Lowe and Geoff Gustafson explore the mystery of true love when they return for a new duty to deliver in "Signed, Sealed, Delivered: From Paris With Love." The Postables, Oliver (Mabius), Shane (Booth), Rita (Lowe) and Norman (Gustafson), explore the mystery of true love as they deliver divorce papers to one couple the same day Oliver's missing wife reappears. Poppy Montgomery guest stars as Oliver's wife, Holly.
285	Signed, Sealed, Delivered	Truth Be Told	Drama	8.6	The POstables are on a mission to deliver a soldier's letter from Afghanistan to a teenager who's being relentlessly bullied, while Oliver's estranged father surprises him with news that shakes him to his core. Stars Eric Mabius, Kristin Booth, Crystal Lowe and Geoff Gustafson.
285	Signed, Sealed, Delivered	The Impossible Dream	Drama	8.6	The Postables work against the clock decoding a letter to rescue a soldier in Afghanistan and reunite her with her family, while Rita competes for the National Miss Special Delivery title in Washington, D.C. Stars Eric Mabius, Kristin Booth, and Crystal Lowe..
286	Happy Valley	Happy Valley	Drama	7.5	When a kidnap spirals out of control, Yorkshire police sergeant Catherine Cawood comes face to face with the man who destroyed her family.
286	Happy Valley	Episode 1	Drama	7.5	Sergeant Cawood's world stops when the man who drove her daughter to suicide is released from prison, and Kevin's split-second decision devastates Nevison.
286	Happy Valley	Episode 2	Drama	7.5	Catherine's search for Tommy gains momentum when she receives a tip-off regarding his whereabouts. Helen absorbs the shock of hearing that Ann has been abducted.
286	Happy Valley	Episode 3	Drama	7.5	Tommy brutally takes control of a situation when PC Kirsten McAskill pulls him and Lewis over. His actions have devastating consequences.
286	Happy Valley	Episode 4	Drama	7.5	Catherine's focus returns to the job in hand as she searches for the owner of the suspicious Milton Avenue property, with dramatic consequences.
286	Happy Valley	Episode 5	Drama	7.5	Catherine sinks into a deep depression as she learns that Tommy is still at large. The net finally closes in on Kevin.
286	Happy Valley	Episode 6	Drama	7.5	Things get tense at Catherine's birthday party when a drunk Daniel reveals a different version of past events with Becky. Catherine's fears grow when she learns that Tommy has been spending time with Ryan.
288	American idol	American idol	Family	2.0	Jennifer Lopez, Keith Urban and Harry Connick, Jr. will return as judges and Ryan Seacrest will host AMERICAN IDOL for its 14th season.
290	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	Adventure	9.2	Adventure Time's unlikely heroes Finn and Jake are buddies who traverse the mystical Land of Ooo and encounter its colorful inhabitants.
290	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	The Pajama Wars	Adventure	9.2	A Candy Kingdom slumber party devolves into panic when Finn and Princess Bubblegum vanish.
290	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	The Evergreen	Adventure	9.2	In a distant age, the wizard Evergreen quests to save the world.
290	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	Astral Plane	Adventure	9.2	Finn has an out-of-body experience that takes him all over Ooo and beyond.
290	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	Gold Stars	Adventure	9.2	Tree Trunks and Mr. Pig's child, Sweet P, runs into trouble on his first day of school.
290	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	The Visitor	Adventure	9.2	A vision leads Finn to a friendly civilization and a mysterious crash site.
290	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	The Mountain	Adventure	9.2	Lemongrab and Finn go on a journey of discovery through the Mountain of Matthew.
290	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	Dark Purple	Adventure	9.2	Finn and his magical dog Jake get into outlandish adventures in the land of Ooo.
290	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	The Diary	Adventure	9.2	Jake's son TV discovers a lost diary and sets out to solve a decades-old mystery.
290	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	Walnuts & Rain	Adventure	9.2	Two different fates await Finn and Jake.
290	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	Friends Forever	Adventure	9.2	Ice King plots to form a perfect circle of confidants.
290	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	Jermaine	Adventure	9.2	After a chilling dream encounter, Finn & Jake are determined to reconnect with their reclusive brother.
290	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	Chips & Ice Cream	Adventure	9.2	BMO's favorite entertainers unexpectedly find a new home at the tree house.
290	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	Graybles 1000+	Adventure	9.2	Marooned on an alien world, Cuber must rely on his bag of Graybles to survive.
290	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	Hoots	Adventure	9.2	A charismatic stranger in Finn's dream leads Cosmic Owl to shirk his duties.
290	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	Water Park Prank	Adventure	9.2	After rescuing Princess Orangutan from Daddy-sad-heads, Finn & Jake head to a post-apocalyptic water park for a day of fun.
290	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	You Forgot Your Floaties	Adventure	9.2	Finn & Jake storm Magic Man's house to rescue his new apprentice.
290	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	Be Sweet	Adventure	9.2	A fed up Lumpy Space Princess leaves the woods for a glamorous career in babysitting.
290	Adventure Time with Finn and Jake	Hot Diggity Doom	Adventure	9.2	It's election day in the Candy Kingdom but Princess Bubblegum's attention is diverted by a mysterious presence in the sky.
291	Motive	Motive	Drama	9.5	MOTIVE is an unconventional way to watch a crime drama unfold. Each episode of the new CTV Original Drama begins by revealing not only the victim, but the killer as well. It's not a "whodunit," it's a "whydunit," a question faced by spirited female Vancouver homicide detective Angie Flynn as she begins to piece together the clues from the crime. How are the victim and killer connected? What is the motive? As the mystery unfolds, the audience navigates a complicated maze of clues alongside the detective and her team.
291	Motive	Creeping Tom	Drama	9.5	Vancouver homicide detective Angie Flynn investigates the murder of a popular high-school teacher in the opener of this crime-drama series.
291	Motive	Crimes of Passion	Drama	9.5	When a teenage girl is killed in a hit-and-run accident, Flynn and Vega search for a connection between the victim and an eminent prosecutor in the midst of a mayoral campaign.
291	Motive	Pushover	Drama	9.5	An average Joe finds himself caught up in a fool's game that leads to murder.
291	Motive	Against All Odds	Drama	9.5	A high-priced lawyer is discovered murdered in his home. While Flynn and Vega work the case, Manny is arrested for vandalism.
291	Motive	Public Enemy	Drama	9.5	When a health food guru is found dead in his hot tub, Flynn and Vega pursue a trail of clues that lead them to a young woman with a secret motive to kill.
291	Motive	Detour	Drama	9.5	A mortgage broker found strangled in his office parking lot leads Flynn to a man who'll stop at nothing to conceal his motive for murder.
291	Motive	Out of the Past	Drama	9.5	After the execution-style slaying of a news shop proprietor with high-level military training, Flynn and Vega struggle to find the connection to a pediatrician.
291	Motive	Undertow	Drama	9.5	Flynn and Vega's investigation uncovers a Hitchcockian tale of tragedy and desperation, in which the deadly act of murder may ultimately have the power to heal.
291	Motive	Framed	Drama	9.5	When a beautiful, young art aficionado is shot and killed, Detectives Flynn and Vega's investigation proves that blood is indeed thicker than water.
291	Motive	Fallen Angel	Drama	9.5	Detectives Flynn and Vega's investigation takes them from realm of the spirit to the seedy world of organized crime, and reveals that even the best intentions can lead to murder.
291	Motive	Brute Force	Drama	9.5	In a case where every suspect seems to have a motive, Flynn and Vega discover that every family has its secrets, and that brotherly love can exact a heavy toll.
291	Motive	Ruthless	Drama	9.5	Flynn and Vega investigate the murder of an executive assistant and discover an unexpected link between the killer and the victim… a link that threatens to expose an even more deadly secret.
291	Motive	The One Who Got Away	Drama	9.5	Angie's past comes back to haunt her while investigating the murder of a teenage boy.
291	Motive	Raw Deal	Drama	9.5	Flynn and Vega investigate a suspicious suicide, but Angie gets distracted by the arrival of Mark Cross.
291	Motive	They Made Me a Criminal	Drama	9.5	What looks like a self-defense case turns out to be something much more calculated; Cross tries to establish himself in his new position.
291	Motive	Overboard	Drama	9.5	Angie and Oscar try to solve a mystery when a socialite drowns and are led to an unlikely killer.
291	Motive	Deception	Drama	9.5	One of the team's own is murdered, causing Sgt. Cross to cross the line between professional and personal.
291	Motive	Dead End	Drama	9.5	Angie takes an aggressive approach to solve the murder of a high school student; Lucas and Sung's relationship gets personal.
291	Motive	Bad Blonde	Drama	9.5	The team tries to find a missing and injured bartender and Flynn feels guilty about leaving Vega out of the action.
291	Motive	Pitfall	Drama	9.5	Angie is forced to leave her father's wedding to investigate a skydiving jump gone wrong and tries to regain Vega's trust by sharing information about Sgt. Cross.
291	Motive	Angels With Dirty Faces	Drama	9.5	Angie and Oscar search for an attacker and call in a professional favour; Lucas has trouble at home.
291	Motive	Abandoned	Drama	9.5	Angie and Flynn investigate a kitchen explosion; Angie shares the truth about her past and that of Sgt. Cross.
291	Motive	Nobody Lives Forever	Drama	9.5	While investigating the death of a man trampled by his horse, Flynn and Vega suspect homicide; Vega explains his concerns; Angie is confronted by prosecutor Samantha Turner.
291	Motive	A Bullet for Joey	Drama	9.5	Flynn and Vega search for a motive in the death of a real estate agent; Angie may be forced to testify in the trial.
291	Motive	Kiss Of Death	Drama	9.5	A murder mystery author is poisoned; Lucas' personal life takes a hit; Angie gets a nice surprise.
291	Motive	For You I Die	Drama	9.5	A major case from the past resurfaces; Angie thinks that she and Cross should come clean.
291	Motive	Six Months Later	Drama	9.5	After six months of self-imposed exile, Detective Angie Flynn returns to Homicide to investigate a sensitive high-profile case.
291	Motive	Calling the Shots	Drama	9.5	Angie struggles to accept Lucas's new position as primary investigator in the murder of a high-end call girl.
291	Motive	The Glass House	Drama	9.5	A homicide investigation develops into a kidnapping case after the murder victim's 16 year-old daughter is abducted. Later, Angie's interest in the Neville Montgomery file continues in secret.
291	Motive	The Suicide Tree	Drama	9.5	All clues in the murder of an armed robber lead the team to a sweet florist.
291	Motive	Fallen	Drama	9.5	The team must balance law and justice in the murder of a street artist.
291	Motive	Pilot Error	Drama	9.5	While investigating an airline pilot who may be using his career to his murderous advantage, Angie copes with an increasingly distant Vega.
291	Motive	Reversal of Fortune	Drama	9.5	The death of a free-spirited tarot-card reader is investigated; and Vega's doctor dispenses some unnerving news.
295	Top Chef	Top Chef	Cooking	none	Bravo Media's Emmy and James Beard Award-winning series Top Chef will premiere its 12th season in Boston on Wednesday, October 15th at 10 pm ET/PT. Returning to the judges table for the new season in New England are head judge Tom Colicchio and host Padma Lakshmi, judges Gail Simmons, Hugh Acheson. For the first time ever, a Top Chef winner is joining the judging panel.Richard Blais will make his debut as a recurring judge offering the cheftestants guidance from a chef and a former competitor's point of view.
297	Undateable	Undateable	Comedy	5.3	"Undateable" is a new comedy series about a group of friends who are this close to finding a relationship - they just need a little help. Whether it's due to a lack of style, the wrong job or even just a bad haircut, everyone goes through a time in their lives when they're undateable. Most of us eventually grow out of it, but some people need a little more help than others. Enter Danny Burton Confident, attractive and impervious to outside opinions, 29-year-old Danny - who may be in a state of arrested development himself - decides to help out his new roommate, Justin Kearney the owner of an unsuccessful bar and a chronic overthinker, and Justin's group of oddball friends - Shelly, Burski and Brett Danny introduces the gang to his recently divorced older sister, Leslie who immediately bonds with this group of guys, as she feels a little stuck in her own life as well. The gang spends most of their time at Justin's bar, helping solve each other's respective problems over beers, and while they love to give each other a hard time, they always have each other's back.
297	Undateable	Pilot	Comedy	5.3	When confident slacker Danny Burton  takes Justin  on as a roommate, Danny unwittingly inherits Justin's group of romantically challenged friends. Seeing himself as the ultimate player, Danny decides to teach them everything he knows about "the game of love."
297	Undateable	Pants Buddies	Comedy	5.3	When Danny  sends Nicki  a message on Justin's behalf, it forces Justin out of his comfort zone and into action. Meanwhile, the group questions Danny's role with Justin and in the group.
297	Undateable	Three's a Crowd	Comedy	5.3	Justin  and Danny's  relationship is put to the test when Nicki  reveals she has feelings for Danny. Elsewhere, Leslie  insults Detroit not realizing how deeply it would affect Shelly.
297	Undateable	The Switch	Comedy	5.3	Danny  discovers that he's "in like" with a girl, Sabrina, for the first time. To guide Danny, Justin,  having had success with Nicki, turns cocky and tries to give him advice on how to act. Meanwhile, Brett  and the gang mess with Justin so he becomes more comfortable with Brett's sexuality.
297	Undateable	My Hero Is Me	Comedy	5.3	Justin  expresses his feelings for Nicki  but doesn't get the reaction he expected. Danny  tries to help but realizes his advice is wrong. Meanwhile, things get awkward between Burski  and Leslie.
297	Undateable	Leader of the Pack	Comedy	5.3	Danny  thinks Brett  is ready to ask a guy out and convinces him to do so against Justin's  better judgment. Meanwhile, Leslie  and Sabrina  give Justin tips on how to be romantic.
297	Undateable	The Move	Comedy	5.3	When Justin's (Brent Morin) girlfriend, Nicki, suddenly spices up their sex life, an insecure Justin seeks help from Danny, who teaches him something that will raise his game.
297	Undateable	The Julius Effect	Comedy	5.3	When Leslie's  ex-husband  makes an impromptu visit, Danny  has to make a tough decision regarding family and friendships. Meanwhile, after a nightmare, Shelly  vows to visit Danny in his dreams.
297	Undateable	Low Hanging Fruit	Comedy	5.3	Justin  pushes Danny's  relationship to a new level, causing Danny to react in a destructive yet predictable way. Meanwhile, Brett  needs help figuring out a name for his man parts.
297	Undateable	Daddy Issues	Comedy	5.3	Justin's  dad  is in town and Danny  gets involved in their complicated relationship, only to make things worse. Elsewhere, Sabrina  and Shelly  make a bet with hilarious punishments.
297	Undateable	Let There Be Light	Comedy	5.3	Danny  and Justin  disagree on how to deal with an annoying neighbor. Meanwhile, the guys make jokes at Danny's expense to get on Sabrina's  good side, but Danny surprises all of them with his reaction.
297	Undateable	Danny's Boys	Comedy	5.3	The guys pool their money to help Justin  pay off his loans for the bar, but overstep their boundaries when they start to make business decisions without his consent. Meanwhile, Shelly  and Brett  secretly ditch Burski  to pick up dates and Leslie  accidently blows their cover.
297	Undateable	Go For Gary	Comedy	5.3	Danny  and Justin  compete for a girl's attention and the outcome is shocking. Meanwhile, the guys check their "Lulu" scores and Burski  uses the app in his favor.
297	Undateable	A Japanese Businessman Walks Into a Bar	Comedy	5.3	Danny convinces Justin to have a one night stand, but when he can't end it quickly, the gang has a "trial" to decide who is a bigger jerk: Justin or Danny. At the bar, Justin hires a new bartender, Candace, who isn't quite getting the hang of her new job. Meanwhile, Leslie thinks a gym is using a suggestive picture of her to their advantage, and the guys decide to take matters into their own hands.
297	Undateable	Candace's Boyfriend Walks Into A Bar	Comedy	5.3	The gang meets Candace's boyfriend only to learn that he is a total jerk. Despite Danny's objections everyone feels they need to convince her that she can do better. Meanwhile, Brett takes kissing lessons from Shelly.
297	Undateable	An Imaginary Torch Walks Into A Bar	Comedy	5.3	When Justin calls Danny a loser, Danny is motivated to make a career move to prove him wrong. Meanwhile, Leslie persuades Justin to be tough with Danny. Back at the bar, Candace tries to help Shelly deal with being just a booty-call and never the boyfriend.
297	Undateable	A Stray Dog Walks Into a Bar	Comedy	5.3	After dealing with their quirky neighbor (guest star Rory Scovel), Danny tells Justin that he is easily taken advantage of and soon reveals that he has been overcharging him for rent. Meanwhile, Brett teaches Candace how to lie so that she can keep a stray puppy she found outside of the bar.
297	Undateable	A Priest Walks Into A Bar	Comedy	5.3	When Justin calls Danny a loser, Danny is motivated to make a career move to prove him wrong. Meanwhile, Leslie persuades Justin to be tough with Danny. Back at the bar, Candace tries to help Shelly deal with being just a booty-call and never the boyfriend.
297	Undateable	A Sibling Rivalry Walks Into A Bar	Comedy	5.3	After Danny sets Leslie up on a horrible blind date, Justin steps up when she needs a date to a work event. To prove he is a good brother, Danny makes his case to accompany Leslie. Meanwhile, Shelly helps Burski get a cheap suit so he can impress Leslie.
297	Undateable	A Live Show Walks Into a Bar	Comedy	5.3	When a music festival comes to Detroit, Danny and Justin both try to win over a beautiful backup singer (guest star Victoria Justice) they met in the bar. As Danny tries to give Justin the chance to get the girl, he can't help but compete for her attention. Meanwhile, the gang does their best to keep Candace from going back to her old boyfriend. Bianca Kajlich, Ron Funches, David Fynn and Rick Glassman.
297	Undateable	An Angry Judge Walks Into a Bar	Comedy	5.3	Justin makes an embarrassing mistake in front of his new girlfriend's father. In Danny's efforts to try and help, he makes things even worse. Meanwhile, Candace tries to deal with her crush on Justin.
297	Undateable	Cop Number Four Walks Into a Bar	Comedy	5.3	In order to get space from Justin, Candace tries to win a free house in a contest Leslie is running. The guys go to cheer her on, but Danny enters the contest when Candace's ex-boyfriend shows up. Meanwhile, Shelly convinces Brett that he should come out to his friends back in London via Skype so that he can truly be free.
298	Chasing Life	Chasing Life	Drama	7.8	April is a smart, charismatic and quick witted twenty-something aspiring journalist. When not pursuing the latest scoop, April tries to balance her ambitious career with her family, which includes her widowed mom Sara rebellious little sister Brenna and her grandmother We meet April at a pivotal moment in her life: she's landed a fantastic opportunity to impress her hard-nosed Boston newspaper editor and an office romance with her super-sexy co-worker Dominic is just beginning to blossom. In an unexpected twist of fate, April lands in the hospital where her estranged uncle, George works as an oncologist, and she learns the devastating news that she has cancer. The series follows April through her journey in the face of this daunting revelation, during a time in her life when the challenges of finding love and success would be enough to keep any girl occupied. But April is determined to fight and refuses to give up her dreams and goals. Along the way, she'll find new reserves of strength and passion within and discover that facing death may really be the only way to truly live.
298	Chasing Life	Pilot	Drama	7.8	The  series follows April through her journey in the face of this daunting  revelation, during a time in her life when the challenges of finding love and  success would be enough to keep any girl occupied. But April is determined to  fight and refuses to give up her dreams and goals. Along the way, she'll find  new reserves of strength and passion within and discover that facing death may  really be the only way to truly live.
298	Chasing Life	Help Wanted	Drama	7.8	April  grapples with the revelation about her health while chasing a tough assignment  at work.
298	Chasing Life	Blood Cancer Sex Carrots	Drama	7.8	When  April learns of Dominic's reputation as the office playboy, she questions the  seriousness of their relationship and becomes all the more determined to hide  her illness.
298	Chasing Life	I'll Sleep When I'm Dead	Drama	7.8	April  faces her first bone marrow biopsy and begins to feel overwhelmed by her  responsibilities at work and home.
298	Chasing Life	The Family That Lies Together	Drama	7.8	April  still struggles to tell Dominic about her cancer, but she opens up about the  skeletons in the Carver family closet.
298	Chasing Life	Clear Minds, Full Lives, Can't Eat!	Drama	7.8	With  the start of her treatment looming, April finds herself with Leo on an  eye-opening joyride.
298	Chasing Life	Unplanned Parenthood	Drama	7.8	April learns about fertility options prior to starting chemotherapy.
298	Chasing Life	Death Becomes Her	Drama	7.8	April  is surprised by Leo, and Brenna heads to Miami in search of answers.
298	Chasing Life	What To Expect When You're Expecting Chemo	Drama	7.8	April  and her family prepare for her chemo and hospital stay.
298	Chasing Life	Finding Chemo	Drama	7.8	April  struggles coming to terms with her situation as she starts chemotherapy  treatments.
298	Chasing Life	Locks of Love	Drama	7.8	April's  grandparents come to visit, and April gets a chemo makeover.
298	Chasing Life	Next April	Drama	7.8	April's life four months after chemo.
298	Chasing Life	Guess Who's Coming to Donate	Drama	7.8	The Carvers try to convince Natalie to be April's bone marrow donor.
298	Chasing Life	Cancer Friends With Benefits	Drama	7.8	April has to work with Dominic on a story while she and Leo have their first date.
298	Chasing Life	April Just Wants to Have Fun	Drama	7.8	April tries to prove she can still be a fun twenty-something.
298	Chasing Life	The Big Leagues	Drama	7.8	April breaks a story that also involves Leo. Brenna, Kieran and Greer spend the night at Alchemy.
298	Chasing Life	Model Behavior	Drama	7.8	April deals with the aftermath of her article and is forced to go on national TV to defend it.
298	Chasing Life	Rest In Peace	Drama	7.8	April seeks advice from a Rabbi at her friend's bat mitzvah. Brenna and Sara don't see eye to eye on her future.
298	Chasing Life	Life, Actually	Drama	7.8	April and Beth want to know each other's boyfriends better, so they arrange a double date. Elsewhere, Sara's laid-back fling gets complicated; Dominic and Natalie bond; and Greer seeks out Brenna in the wake of a quarrel with her mom.
298	Chasing Life	No News Is Bad News	Drama	7.8	April and Danny go head to head to prove who has better reporting skills. Brenna deals with the possibility of Greer moving away.
298	Chasing Life	One Day	Drama	7.8	April receives an update on her cancer prognosis.
298	Chasing Life	A View from the Ledge	Drama	7.8	A cancer patient attempts to help April enjoy her life in the moment. Natalie finds a secret manuscript.
298	Chasing Life	The Age Of Consent	Drama	7.8	April takes a break from a stressful health care decision by heading to Bermuda with Beth; Sara is plagued by money issues; Brenna finally manages to fit in at Charlton.
298	Chasing Life	Life of Brenna	Drama	7.8	Brenna hides her true feelings as she endures life in April's shadow; Dominic seeks a fresh start with his mother; April looks for the perfect wedding dress.
298	Chasing Life	Truly Madly Deeply	Drama	7.8	An unpublished novel written by April's dad may hold clues about her family's past, so April uses it to do some investigating.
298	Chasing Life	The Domino Effect	Drama	7.8	As the wedding date draws near, April is forced to face a list of "lasts," such as her last week of living at home and her last time being a single girl. While her natural instincts are to have a classy and low-key bachelorette party, Vanessa helps April realize that this might be her last time to live it up. Another possible "last" opportunity presents itself for April when Dominic sets up a meeting for April with his book agent. With her health still in question, this opportunity may be April's first (and last) chance to get a book published.
298	Chasing Life	The Last W	Drama	7.8	April and Leo's wedding day arrives, but it's not smooth sailing as nerves emerge and secrets loom. Meanwhile, Dominic is uncertain about how to proceed as he faces loses April forever.
298	Chasing Life	As Long as We Both Shall Live	Drama	7.8	The honeymoon may be over for April and Leo as they try to settle into a normal married life. April's "cleaning system" versus Leo's mess is not the only issues they have to work on. Leo is in full swing at his new job and is making lots of plans for the future - not just in his job but for his life with his new wife. April is trying to live life to the fullest in the moment, as Leo taught her, so Leo's "new" future planning is throwing her off.
298	Chasing Life	The Ghost in You	Drama	7.8	A distraught April tries to disengage from the world in the wake of her loss, but a surprise from Leo gets her emerge from her isolation. Elsewhere, Finn offers Brenna some sage advice.
298	Chasing Life	Wild Thing	Drama	7.8	April continues the grieving process, but nothing she does seems to ease the pain of losing Leo. When she gets news of her inheritance, she looks to the newly acquired money and the joy of spending it to take away her pain. Beth wants new shoes? She's got it! An expensive night on the town with friends - done! A little dabbling into the drug culture - sure, why not? But her friends are not sure what to do with this new wild and crazy April. Is April heading down a dark and dangerous path?.
298	Chasing Life	A Bottle of Secrets	Drama	7.8	A winter storm looms and the family gather to play games, but April wants to play detective in order to uncover a secret George may be keeping. Meanwhile, George and Mae work on repairing their tattered relationship.
298	Chasing Life	First Person	Drama	7.8	April meets an agent who gives her advice about her book, but she's hesitant to accept guidance until a young pal at Camp Hendrie helps her see things in a different light. Meanwhile, Brenna reveals how she really feels about her father.
298	Chasing Life	Ready or Not	Drama	7.8	April's old college pal visits her, and soon the rivalry that existed between then reignites. Elsewhere, Beth's job and relationship are in jeopardy after she receives some disturbing news.
298	Chasing Life	La Dolce Vita	Drama	7.8	Season Finale Whether it's the Italian honeymoon that never happened, the unchecked item on her bucket list, or her lack of inspiration, all signs point April to Rome. Caught up in the midst of family drama, April faces too many distractions that keep her from making progress on her book. But will April find the inspiration she seeks in Rome, or will this trip lead her down another path?Meanwhile, Brenna receives devastating news from Finn.
299	Power	Power	Drama	7.8	The eight-episode first season of this visionary crime drama is set in two different worlds, the glamorous New York club scene and the brutal drug trade, and follows James "Ghost" St. Patrick as he attempts to leave his illegitimate lifestyle behind.
299	Power	Consequences	Drama	7.8	In the Season 2 premiere, Ghost gathers himself after the botched attempt on his life, and gears up to increase his participation in the drug business. Meanwhile, Tommy takes a powder upon hearing that Angela is with the feds.
299	Power	No Friends on the Street	Drama	7.8	Tommy signs on to assist Ghost in expanding the drug trade, but has a serious condition that must first be met, while Ghost is surprised to learn about Kanan getting out of jail.
299	Power	Like We're Any Other Couple	Drama	7.8	Ghost brings Angela to Miami, where they indulge in the fantasy of being a couple, but reality brings them back to earth. Back in New York, Tommy and Kanan bond.
299	Power	You're the Only Person I Can Trust	Drama	7.8	Ghost battles to win back his club and must deal with those standing in the way.
299	Power	Who You Are and Who You Want to Be	Drama	7.8	Ghost and Tommy are under the gun in trying to deal all the product in order to pay Lobos, unaware that Holly is being grilled by the FBI.
299	Power	Why Her?	Drama	7.8	After the revelation that Ghost and Jamie are the same man, Angela seeks proof; the drug syndicate picks up a new member; and Tasha protects her future by making the ultimate sacrifice.
299	Power	You're Not the Man	Drama	7.8	A talk with the feds puts Tommy on edge about Holly's disappearance, while Ghost and Tasha try to rein him in. Meanwhile, Angela appears to have bought Ghost's explanation.
299	Power	Three Moves Ahead	Drama	7.8	Lobos' fending off a rival drug cartel and federal authorities impacts Ghost and Tommy; and Ghost hustles to get out from under Lobos' thumb before Angela strikes.
299	Power	Time's Up	Drama	7.8	Angela and the feds push Tommy to flip on Lobos or spend his life in prison, while Ghost considers doing the honorable thing, but the consequences could prove steep.
299	Power	Ghost Is Dead	Drama	7.8	Members of Ghost's organization are turning up dead, and each body hits closer to home for him and Tommy as the threat of Kanan and Angela's investigation becomes more imminent.
300	Murder In The First	Murder In The First	Drama	8.0	Over the summer, Murder in the First took viewers deep inside a complex homicide investigation that spanned the entire season. The series followed San Francisco homicide detectives Terry English and Hildy Mulligan as they investigated two seemingly unrelated murders. The mystery deepened, however, when they found that both murders had a common denominator in a Silicon Valley wunderkind.
300	Murder In The First	Pilot	Drama	8.0	When a junkie is murdered in the Tenderloin district, SFPD detectives Terry English and Hildy Mulligan are shocked to discover the case may be related to the city's youngest billionaire, tech genius Erich Blunt. But Terry's ability to focus is troubled as his wife battles stage 4 pancreatic cancer. Just as the inspectors begin closing in on the case, Blunt's beautiful flight attendant is found dead.
300	Murder In The First	The City of Sisterly Love	Drama	8.0	As Inspectors Terry English and Hildy Mulligan begin their investigation into the death of Erich Blunt's flight attendant, Cindy Strauss, Terry must also deal with the recent death of his wife and the arrival of his sister-in-law. The investigation takes an unexpected turn when the results of Cindy's autopsy reveal a shocking secret.
300	Murder In The First	Who's Your Daddy	Drama	8.0	The Inspectors search for clues that might link various suspects, including Erich Blunt, to Cindy Strauss' death. Meanwhile, Hildy is confronted by a young witness from a past investigation who worries for his mother's safety after she is physically abused by her new husband.
300	Murder In The First	Burning Woman	Drama	8.0	Despite the advice of his lawyer, Warren Daniels, Erich Blunt escapes for a drug- fueled weekend with his adoring CTO, Ivana West. Meanwhile, Terry and Hildy must deal with the repercussions of Hildy's officer involved shooting. As Hildy confronts the prospect of losing her job, Terry works to help his partner get out of trouble.
300	Murder In The First	Pants on Fire	Drama	8.0	To change the world's opinion of him, Erich Blunt takes a lie detector test to prove his innocence. Meanwhile, Hildy and Terry discover that a past suspect's alibi does not check out. They must get to the bottom of this before it unravels their case against Blunt.
300	Murder In The First	Punch Drunk	Drama	8.0	It's six months later, and the whole world is watching as tech genius Erich Blunt is put on trial for the murder of his flight attendant, Cindy Strauss. Meanwhile, Terry decides to start making amends for his behavior after the death of his wife. Hildy begins reconnecting with her ex-husband, Mike, and soon must confront the temptation to rekindle their romance.
300	Murder In The First	Suck My Alibi	Drama	8.0	After a key witness in the Cindy Strauss murder case turns up dead, Terry and Hildy set out to find the truth before it undermines the prosecution's case. Meanwhile, Erich Blunt's famed attorney, Warren Daniels, sees this as an opportunity to prove his client's innocence.
300	Murder In The First	Win Some, Lose Some	Drama	8.0	As the trial against Erich Blunt reaches a dramatic conclusion, attorney Warren Daniels considers the bold move of calling his defendant, Blunt, to the stand. Meanwhile, Terry begins to suspect that a previous investigation may have had significant holes that could change everything. After a series of impassioned closing arguments, both sides brace for the final verdict.
300	Murder In The First	Family Matters	Drama	8.0	In the aftermath of the Blunt verdict, the Homicide Department investigates a new death involving a drug-addicted socialite and her playboy husband. As they pursue that case, Terry and Hildy also discover that key witnesses from the Kevin Neyers case have recanted their original statements. The inspectors must uncover the truth while keeping their investigation a secret from their superiors.
300	Murder In The First	Blunt the Edge	Drama	8.0	Inspectors English and Mulligan are fully immersed in the tangled web of trying to solve the Kevin Neyers murder. As they investigate possible suspects one by one, they discover a series of shocking secrets on their pursuit of eventual justice.
300	Murder In The First	Twenty-Fifteen	Drama	8.0	SFPD Detectives Terry English and Hildy Mulligan are quickly thrust into the middle of a brutal onslaught as two students open fire on a school bus in the middle of the city. San Francisco's finest must work quickly in order to put an end to one of the deadliest shootings in recent history, as one gunman is captured, and the other escapes.
300	Murder In The First	Schizofrenzy	Drama	8.0	Tensions mount as the manhunt for the missing shooter proves to be more difficult than expected. Terry is promoted to acting Lieutenant, which he soon discovers comes with responsibilities more taxing than he anticipated.
300	Murder In The First	Blue on Blue	Drama	8.0	As the city reels from the school bus tragedy, newly appointed D.A. Mario Siletti promises justice for the victims. Terry receives new evidence about the recent death of a cop, leading him to believe it may have been of a more insidious design. Meanwhile, the body of a young Chinese gang member found in an urban grow house, leads Hildy into the dangerous world of drugs and gang politics.
300	Murder In The First	My Suger Walls	Drama	8.0	Raffi fears Hildy's continued investigation of the grow house murder will blowback on a case of her own. Dustin's defense team enlists the aid of acclaimed attorney Jamie Nelson. When new evidence suggests an inspector was murdered, Terry fears it may be connected to someone within the Hall of Justice.
300	Murder In The First	The McCormack Mulligan	Drama	8.0	The pressure ratchets up on Terry and Hildy to discover who's behind the cop-killings. Jamie comes out swinging, making an unexpected move in her defense of Dustin. Navarro reunites with his brother, who has been recently released from prison. Meanwhile, an anonymous tip gives Raffi a potential connect for her case against Suger.
300	Murder In The First	Oh, Mexico	Drama	8.0	Terry and Hildy find themselves investigating people within their own department. Jamie digs into Dustin's past in an effort to better understand his actions. Meanwhile, Suger searches for answers as someone close to him disappears, then makes a shocking discovery.
300	Murder In The First	State of the Union	Drama	8.0	The truth about Navarro leads Terry and Hildy to Mexico, as an angry Suger prepares for war. Jamie's casework takes her to Pleasantville, and a particularly painful event from Dustin's childhood. Raffi's investigation into Suger takes an unexpected turn.
300	Murder In The First	Out of the Shadows	Drama	8.0	Junior reveals new details which may finally give Hildy and Terry the upper hand in their investigation, while the Trial of Dustin Maker begins with opening statements. Meanwhile, an unlikely source provides Suger with startling new information regarding his sister.
300	Murder In The First	Bruja Blanca	Drama	8.0	Terry and Hildy's investigation is dealt a lethal setback, forcing them to close their case. Raffi's loyalty comes into question, while a cautious Suger contemplates the future of Potrero. The stress of the trial takes a dramatic toll on Jamie's personal life.
300	Murder In The First	Nothing but the Truth	Drama	8.0	While Jamie deals with the fallout from her tirade, witnesses take the stand in the case against Dustin. When threats are made against her family, Hildy vows to take down The Union once-and-for-all.
300	Murder In The First	Down Time	Drama	8.0	Terry and Hildy take a high-ranking officer into custody, while Suger faces a new and unexpected threat to Potrero. Meanwhile, Molk uncovers unsettling information about a potential prostitution ring.
300	Murder In The First	Number Thirty Nine	Drama	8.0	In the season finale, Terry and Hildy are gloves-off as they race to close in on a murder suspect, while Fatty B lobbies to take Potrero in a new direction. The Trial of Dustin Maker reaches a climactic verdict.
301	Hart of Dixie	Hart of Dixie	Drama	8.5	Rachel Bilson leads a stellar ensemble cast in this fish-out-of-water comedic drama about small-town living, big city attitudes and complicated love triangles. After three years, Dr. Zoe Hart is starting to feel at home in BlueBell, Alabama, and still continues to shake up life in this small town. Though they are no longer a couple, Zoe still finds herself drawn to bad boy Wade Kinsella, and she and Wade continue to be friends with George Tucker, who is still trying to figure his love life. Lemon Breeland continues to pursue her dream of being a business owner, while always on the lookout for her true love. Zoe's best friend and landlord, Mayor Lavon Hayes, is determined to keep BlueBell the quaint town everyone has come to love, while AnnaBeth has come into her own by co-running the local women's social club, the Belles. After her difficult return to their shared medical practice, Zoe's personal and professional relationship with Dr. Brick Breeland seems to have gotten to a better place. Zoe's love life is still a mess, and she's not sure what the future holds in store for her, but we know it will be juicy and full of fun.
301	Hart of Dixie	Pilot	Drama	8.5	Fast-talking New Yorker Zoe Hart  has her life all figured out until she is turned down for a prestigious fellowship she had been certain she would get. Desperate, she decides to finally accept the offer of a kindly stranger, Dr. Harley Wilkes, whom she met at her medical school graduation, and who had proposed she join his small medical practice in Bluebell, Alabama.
301	Hart of Dixie	Parades & Pariahs	Drama	8.5	Hoping it might help the residents of Bluebell accept her as one of their own, Zoe Hart  agrees to join Mayor Lavon Hayes  on his float during the Founder's Day Parade, but, unfortunately, accidentally crashing the float doesn't exactly help Zoe win over Lemon Breeland  and the residents of Bluebell.  To make matters worse, the town's golden boy, George Tucker, informs Zoe that contractually she needs to bring in thirty percent of the business or Dr. Brick Breeland  will have the option to buy out her half of the medical practice.
301	Hart of Dixie	Gumbo & Glory	Drama	8.5	Zoe  is determined to win Bluebell's gumbo contest and prove to everyone that she is a part of the community, which will hopefully help her land some patients.  Lavon  develops a crush on Zoe and Brick's  new receptionist, Didi, but things get a little messy after Lemon  catches wind of the news.  Zoe and Brick find themselves having to work together to perform a life-saving surgery.
301	Hart of Dixie	In Havoc & in Heat	Drama	8.5	As Bluebell is hit by an intense heat wave, Zoe  discovers that the hot weather makes everyone act differently and with a lot less inhibition   In fact, it takes all of Zoe's strength to ignore her heat-induced attraction to Wade  until it gets the best of her.  Meanwhile, Lemon  prepares for the arrival of George's  family, determined to win them over, but her emotions get the best of her when Lavon  shows up to the same restaurant with his date, Didi.
301	Hart of Dixie	Faith & Infidelity	Drama	8.5	Zoe  discovers something shocking about the local minister  and his wife, causing quite a stir among the residents of Bluebell.  Lemon  is determined to find the funds to renovate the town's historic bridge that was destroyed by Hurricane Katrina, but first she is put in the extremely awkward position of having to convince Lavon  to choose her proposal over so many other worthwhile submissions.
301	Hart of Dixie	The Undead & The Unsaid	Drama	8.5	Driving home late one night from a house call, Zoe  accidentally hits a man but can't find any signs of him when she gets out of her car.  Later, she sees the man's photo hanging in the Rammer Jammer, and George  has to break the news to her that the man in the picture died over a year ago.  Meanwhile, Lemon  and George are ready to buy their dream home until Lavon  steps in and refuses to authorize the purchase because it is one of Bluebell's historic properties.  Zoe's mom  shows up in Bluebell hoping to reconcile with her daughter after keeping the identity of Zoe's real father a secret Zoe's entire life.
301	Hart of Dixie	The Crush & The Crossbow	Drama	8.5	When Nascar's Brian Vickers  has to drop out of hosting Bluebell Junior League's annual turtle race, Lemon  is reluctantly convinced that the mayor  is the perfect replacement as her co-host.  Zoe  is asked out on a date by a handsome local veterinarian, Dr. Judson Lyons.  Wade  has an unexpected visitor who stirs up all kinds of trouble for him.
301	Hart of Dixie	Homecoming & Coming Home	Drama	8.5	Noticing that Zoe  is feeling homesick, Lavon  suggests that she host his annual pre-game homecoming party to help her feel more connected to Bluebell.  Zoe jumps at the opportunity and decides to enlist the help of her friend Gigi  from New York, but as it turns out New York and Bluebell have very different ideas of what makes a good party.  Meanwhile, George  and Wade  hatch a plan to get even with their high school nemesis, Jimmy, but when Lemon  catches wind of their scheme she wants in on the action, too.
301	Hart of Dixie	The Pirate & the Practice	Drama	8.5	While the residents of Bluebell prepare for their annual Planksgiving celebration, Zoe  anxiously counts the days until her return home to New York for Thanksgiving.  Unfortunately, getting out of town may be a bit trickier than Zoe anticipated due to the fact that she has to meet her thirty percent quota of patients by midnight or lose her share of the practice to Brick.  Meanwhile, Lavon  encourages Wade  to be honest about his feelings for Zoe, and George's  father  offers him an opportunity to join his law firm in Montgomery, which isn't exactly music to Lemon's  ears.
301	Hart of Dixie	Hairdos & Holidays	Drama	8.5	Zoe  encourages Rose  to enter the annual Miss Cinnamon Cider Pageant even though Lemon's  younger sister, Magnolia Breeland, is a shoo-in to win.  Of course, with Zoe coaching Rose and Lemon coaching Magnolia, rivalry takes on a whole new meaning.  Meanwhile, George  and Wade  go on a road trip to pick up a Christmas tree for Bluebell's town square.  Also, in flashbacks, we learn some of the history of Lemon's relationship with her mother, as well as the details of when Lemon and Lavon  first realized they had a connection.
301	Hart of Dixie	Hell's Belles	Drama	8.5	When Zoe  goes in search of some family history in Bluebell, she discovers that she is a legacy to the Bluebell Belles.  Of course, once Lemon  catches wind of the news, she makes it her sole mission in life to make sure Zoe doesn't become an official Belle and puts her through a humiliating initiation.  With the help of Wade, Lavon  attempts to jump back into the dating scene, but he finds it difficult because Didi  is telling everyone that he's in love with her.  Meanwhile, George  devises a plan to stop a huge chainstore from building near Bluebell and as a result driving business away from the town.
301	Hart of Dixie	Mistresses & Misunderstandings	Drama	8.5	Zoe  is so uncharacteristically happy as of late that it causes her friends to speculate as to the possible reason behind her new attitude.  Turns out that Zoe is hiding her new friendship with AnnaBeth, who doesn't want Lemon  to find out since Zoe is Lemon's sworn enemy.  Lemon campaigns to become the Belles' new Memory Matron, but she has to overcome a few obstacles to secure the honored position.
301	Hart of Dixie	Sweetie Pies & Sweaty Palms	Drama	8.5	Zoe  decides that it's too soon in her relationship with Judson  to go to the annual Sweetie Pie Dance so instead she makes plans to have a sleepover with Rose, whose parents are going out of town.  George  misplaces the save the dates for his upcoming wedding which causes major trouble in Lemon  paradise.  Lemon wants her father  to finally move on from her mother leaving him, so she secretly gets him a date for the dance.
301	Hart of Dixie	Aliens & Aliases	Drama	8.5	Wade  somehow convinces Lemon  to dress up as Joelle  as part of a scheme to convince Joelle's ex-boyfriend  that he didn't actually see Wade and Joelle together.  Lavon  asks Zoe  to help him figure out why Didi  has been avoiding him, but once Zoe uncovers the shocking reason she isn't quite sure what to do with the information.  George  comes to Zoe for advice in determining whether there is a medical explanation for the behavior of one of his clients.
301	Hart of Dixie	Snowflakes & Soulmates	Drama	8.5	Zoe Hart  is thrilled to see snow in Bluebell, but the rest of the town is superstitious that it will bring bad luck.  When Lavon's parents  make a visit to Bluebell, Lavon thinks it's the perfect opportunity to introduce them to Didi, but the introduction doesn't exactly go according to plan.  Lemon  and George  make a big decision about their future.
301	Hart of Dixie	Tributes & Triangles	Drama	8.5	Much to Brick's  disappointment, George  is named Bluebell's Man of the Year.  As the town's mayor, Lavon  is expected to host a cocktail party in George's honor, but for obvious reasons this is a difficult situation for Lavon given his history with Lemon.  Fortunately for Lavon, Zoe  agrees to step in and help him with the party, but things take a turn for the disastrous when Zoe has to improvise a speech at the gathering.  Meanwhile, Magnolia  begs Wade  to write a song and perform it with her at the party.
301	Hart of Dixie	Heart To Hart	Drama	8.5	Zoe  has conflicted feelings about seeing her estranged father, world-renowned surgeon Ethan Hart, who has agreed to travel to Bluebell to perform surgery on George's  father  as a favor to Zoe.  Fearful of losing George, Lemon  decides she must befriend Zoe in order to prevent her from telling George about Lemon's affair with Lavon.  Meanwhile, to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Rammer Jammer, the owner  hosts a signature cocktail contest between Wade  and Shelley.
301	Hart of Dixie	Bachelorettes & Bullets	Drama	8.5	Zoe  makes a romantic connection with one of her patients, Jesse, and accepts his invitation to lunch.  Lemon  agrees to let Magnolia  plan her bachelorette party as long as she follows Lemon's strict instructions, but Magnolia has some more "interesting" plans in store for her big sister.  Wade  plans a hunting trip for George's  bachelor party.
301	Hart of Dixie	Destiny & Denial	Drama	8.5	After a wild night of partying, Wade  wakes up with a massive hangover, an uninvited houseguest and no memory of what happened the night before.  Meanwhile, George  takes an unplanned roadtrip to New Orleans, and Lemon  finally confesses her troubles to her father, Brick.
301	Hart of Dixie	The Race & the Relationship	Drama	8.5	Wade  signs up for the Bluebell Battle in hopes of winning the five thousand dollar prize, but when he strikes out finding someone to be his race partner, he must swallow his pride and ask Zoe.  Meanwhile, Rose  is jumping for joy when Frederick Dean  finally asks her out on a date, and George  and Lemon  meet with Reverend Mayfair  to discuss their relationship issues.
301	Hart of Dixie	Disaster Drills & Departures	Drama	8.5	Zoe  blames herself when one of her friends faces a health crisis and she didn't notice the symptoms.  With much encouragement from Lavon, Wade  explores the idea of opening his own bar in Bluebell.  Meanwhile, Lemon  plans a romantic night for George, hoping to get their relationship back on track.  Gary Cole returns as Zoe's father, Ethan Hart.
301	Hart of Dixie	The Big Day	Drama	8.5	With an impending storm about to hit Bluebell, George  and Lemon  prepare for their wedding day.  Meanwhile, taking shelter from the storm, Zoe  finds herself stranded in a barn with Wade.
301	Hart of Dixie	I Fall To Pieces	Drama	8.5	After George confesses his feelings to Zoe, she finds herself having to make a tough decision between George  and Wade, leaving the two guys at odds on how to handle the situation.  In search of some much needed girl advice, Zoe makes a new fast friend in former BlueBell resident Ruby Jeffries, who no one is excited to see.  Lemon  decides it's time to get her own apartment and a job, but it's tougher than she thought.  Continuing to forge ahead with her new life, Lemon proceeds to return the wedding presents, but a sudden detour to Zoe's while holding a cake knife creates a stir with the townspeople.
301	Hart of Dixie	Always On My Mind	Drama	8.5	Zoe  is trying hard to stay away from Wade, but when Rose  enlists her help in throwing the first BlueBellapalooza, she is forced to ask Wade to convince his old band mate to be the musical act on short notice. Wade convinces George  to start playing the field and agrees to be his wingman, but when Wade stands him up, he decides to follow the seemingly questionable advice solo. Meanwhile, Brick  tries to trick Lemon  into working for him, but she is determined to keep her waitressing job, that is until one of her customers ends up needing medical attention.
301	Hart of Dixie	If It Makes You Happy	Drama	8.5	When Zoe  reads about her fellow classmates' accomplishments in her Alumni magazine, she is upset that they list her as "retired" and invites the reporter to BlueBell for an interview.  However, Zoe has a hard time convincing the reporter that she actually has a thriving medical practice in BlueBell - that is, until she comes across a rare and potentially serious disease.  Trying to be considerate of Lemon's  feelings, George  informs her that he is going out on a date, making her feel that she too needs to find a date.  Meanwhile, Lemon and Lavon  both find themselves in competition with their nemesis Ruby.
301	Hart of Dixie	Suspicious Minds	Drama	8.5	While Zoe  tries to keep things casual with Wade, she becomes jealous after she sees him with another woman.  Zoe decides to two can play at that game, and sets up a date with Ruby's  cousin.  Reluctantly, Lavon  agrees to let Lemon  be his campaign manager, but he unexpectedly becomes part of a town scandal when he takes the fall for her, a move which could end up costing him the Mayoral race.  Meanwhile, with Lemon out of the house, Brick  and Magnolia  struggle with the household chores and devise a plan to get Lemon to come back.
301	Hart of Dixie	Walkin' After Midnight	Drama	8.5	With Halloween right around the corner, Zoe  begins to notice some odd occurrences happening in her home.  She is shocked to discover that the culprit is George, but she soon realizes that he may have a sleepwalking issue.  Concerned for his safety, they decide to conduct a sleep study, forcing her to cancel her big plans with Wade.  Meanwhile, the Mayoral race between Lavon  and Ruby  is close, and AnnaBeth  comes up with an unusual plan that may help him clinch the election leaving Lemon  feeling uneasy.
301	Hart of Dixie	I Walk The Line	Drama	8.5	With the upcoming Mayoral election looming, Lavon  and Ruby  continue to be tied in the polls, leaving Lemon  no choice but to use some creative methods to win. Elsewhere, George  and Wade  are also tasked with trying to secure some last-minute votes, but run into a problem when Wade's ex-wife Tansy  refuses to cooperate with their scheme. Meanwhile, Zoe  and Magnolia  grow concerned when they notice that Brick  has been unusually grouchy and Zoe tries to help by offering to give Magnolia driving lessons.
301	Hart of Dixie	Baby, Don't Get Hooked on Me	Drama	8.5	After Zoe  treats the high school football team, she learns that Max, who happens to be Rose's  new crush, has become infatuated with her instead.  Eager to nip his crush in the bud, Zoe learns that Max is prone to overreacting to heartbreak and is encouraged by the town to wait until after the big game, as they are counting on him to win.  Lemon  decides to start a catering business and asks AnnaBeth  to join, but Lemon is taken aback by her answer.  Meanwhile, Lavon  tries to win over Ruby's  grandfather Sergeant Jeffries  by doing his chores, but Lavon finds out there is another reason her grandfather doesn't want them together.
301	Hart of Dixie	Achy Breaky Hearts	Drama	8.5	Both Zoe  and Lemon  are having a difficult time accepting Lavon  and Ruby's  new relationship, so they decide to find out Ruby's true intentions.  Wade  agrees to supervise a Little Ranger's camping trip to avoid a potentially awkward conversation with George   However, when George unexpectedly shows up on the trip, Wade has nowhere to hide, and their talk makes him see his relationship in a different light.  Meanwhile, Brick  wants to take the next step in his relationship with Emily, but is shocked about who is not on board with the plan.
301	Hart of Dixie	Sparks Fly	Drama	8.5	Wade  struggles with feeling like he's a placeholder in Zoe's  life, so he decides that they should go on a date.  Despite Zoe's apprehensions, she decides to bid on Wade's basket at the upcoming charity picnic auction, but is surprised that she is not the only one interested.  Lemon  mistakenly wins Lavon's  basket and decides to keep her true feelings for him to herself and instead offers some advice about his relationship with Ruby.  Meanwhile, George  is interested in dating Tansy  and creates a basket that he hopes she will bid on.
301	Hart of Dixie	Blue Christmas	Drama	8.5	Zoe  finds herself anxious that her ever-critical mother will be visiting BlueBell soon for the holidays.  In order to avoid spending quality time with her mother, she busies herself with a patient but potentially ruins Christmas Eve for the whole town.  Trying to fix the problem, Zoe upsets Wade  by turning to his dad.  Meanwhile, Lavon  is desperate to make the week special for Ruby, but his plan goes awry when Lemon  gets involved.  Elsewhere, George  is struggling with picking out the perfect present for Tansy.
301	Hart of Dixie	Old Alabama	Drama	8.5	With Lavon  preoccupied with his personal life, he lets his Mayoral duties slip at the worst time, as BlueBell's Pioneer Day is fast approaching and a reporter from Southern Living magazine is in town.  Seeing that he needs help, Zoe  and Wade  volunteer to help him out by playing BlueBell's "Founding Couple."  Zoe is also trying a new tact when it comes to her relationship with Wade, which has her taking on many new projects.  Lemon  and AnnaBeth  devise a plan to get Lavon to let them cater the First Feast, in order to get some publicity for their new business.  Meanwhile, George  gives advice to Brick  on how to handle his new relationship.
301	Hart of Dixie	Islands in the Stream	Drama	8.5	When George's  parents come to visit, they are thrown when they meet his new girlfriend, Tansy, and George's mother devises a plan that forces George and Zoe  to address their feelings for one another.  Lemon  discovers that Brick  has a secret girlfriend and is shocked when she finds out who it is.  Meanwhile, Annabeth  is smitten with a charming British visitor to the town, but Lavon  grows suspicious of him and is determined to uncover his real identity.
301	Hart of Dixie	Lovesick Blues	Drama	8.5	When Zoe  is alerted by the Health Department about a flu epidemic heading towards BlueBell, she is forced to put the town on lockdown.  Because of the quarantine, Wade  is forced to stay at his ex-girlfriends house causing Zoe to become jealous.  Lemon's  plan for the perfect night with Walt  goes awry when she begins to feel under the weather.  Meanwhile, George  finds himself roped into directing Lavon's  tourism commercial about BlueBell's small-town charm, but it seems Lavon, is more preoccupied with his co-star than his commercial.
301	Hart of Dixie	Take Me Home, Country Roads	Drama	8.5	George  is given the responsibility of watching Tansy's  most prized possession, her dog, but panics when the dog goes missing.  Wade  starts to feel frustrated by the lack of alone time with Zoe, especially when she is focused more on not losing her good status in the town to a new doctor, Jonah, who also happens to be Brick's  nephew.  Brick is ready to let the town know about his relationship with Shelby, but Lemon  and Magnolia  are doing everything they can to get rid of her.  Meanwhile, Lavon  wants to take a chance on a new relationship, but first has to clear the air with one person.
301	Hart of Dixie	The Gambler	Drama	8.5	Wade  is excited to compete in the Battle of The Bands competition so he can use the prize money to open up his own bar, but Zoe's  suggestion that George  play in the band ultimately backfires.  Lemon  finds herself alone for the weekend until she talks Magnolia  into some sisterly bonding.  Meanwhile, Lavon, who has seemingly given up on love, agrees to help Tom  with his relationship, which in turn opens his eyes to his own future.
301	Hart of Dixie	Where I Lead Me	Drama	8.5	With the sudden nuptials of Wanda  and Tom  in BlueBell, Zoe  agrees to be maid of honor, which entails the difficult job of watching Wanda's crafty mother.  Zoe uses her wedding duties to try to avoid the awkwardness between her and Wade, but has a feeling something is wrong.  Lemon  faces the memory of being left at the altar and decides to take matters into her own hands.  Meanwhile, Lavon  hears about the neighboring town trying to build a shopping mall next to their local beach and he enlists George's  help to fight it, but an unexpected side of George rears its ugly head.
301	Hart of Dixie	We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together	Drama	8.5	Zoe  tries to keep her feelings about Wade  under control, causing her to become overly protective when it comes to Rose  and her boyfriend.  Lavon  and Wade are forced to work together at the church's casino fundraiser, but when money goes missing suspicion immediately falls on Wade.  Meanwhile, Brick  and Shelby's  big decision about their relationship pushes a concerned Lemon  to try and sabotage things with the help of George.
301	Hart of Dixie	Why Don't We Get Drunk?	Drama	8.5	Lavon's  big plans of making BlueBell a Spring Break destination hits a roadblock when the competing town tries to lure the partiers away.  With the help of Ruby Jeffries, Lavon creates a competition that is bound to attract some attention.  Eager to join in some much-deserved fun, Zoe  agrees to give partying a try with Jonah, but seeing them together makes George  jealous.  Wade  and Lemon  decide to compete in Lavon's contest in order to win the grand prize to buy the Rammer Jammer, which they have learned is for sale.   Meanwhile, Brick  has been acting odd and when everyone begins to notice they force him to seek treatment.
301	Hart of Dixie	This Kiss	Drama	8.5	When the town decides to put on a performance of Shakespeare's most iconic scenes, George  and Zoe  refuse to play Romeo and Juliet, but eventually agree just to prove to everyone that they are over each other.  Lemon  and Wade  are excited about taking over the reigns at the Rammer Jammer, but things come to a halt when they lose all the staff two days before opening.  Meanwhile, Brick  decides to offer a week of free counseling to everyone in BlueBell and winds up helping the two most unlikely people, but in his effort to help others he learns a secret he has been keeping from himself.
301	Hart of Dixie	If Tomorrow Never Comes	Drama	8.5	After Zoe  tricks Jonah  into spilling a secret about Brick, she unintentionally makes things worse for Brick in his love life.  Following Brick's advice, Zoe decides she must finally express her feelings, but timing never seems to be her strong suit.  Wade  and Lemon  must learn to work together, but things go awry when they each try to prove that they know what is best for the new Rammer Jammer.  Knowing what Wade and Lemon are up to, Lavon  and AnnaBeth  agree to not get involved, but that might be easier said than done.  Meanwhile, Tansy's  brothers surprise her with an unexpected visit, leaving George  to look after them and put up with their wild antics.
301	Hart of Dixie	I'm Moving On	Drama	8.5	Zoe's  attempts at online dating hit a few snags until Rose  and Max  take matters into their own hands and play matchmaker.  Faced with yet another set back with the Rammer Jammer, Lemon  and Wade  are close to throwing in the towel.  George  tries everything he can think of to prove to Tansy  that they belong together, but she still has her doubts.  Brick  and Shelby  decide that they might have acted too rashly, which forces them to make a difficult decision about their future together.  Meanwhile, Lavon  refuses AnnaBeth's  help in stopping the feud with the competing town's Mayor, leaving her to take a different tact.
301	Hart of Dixie	On the Road Again	Drama	8.5	After having a rough time in BlueBell, Zoe  decides a little time in New York City might be the perfect opportunity to give her some much needed perspective.   But a medical emergency on the plane forces her to complete the trip with an unexpected companion.  George  struggles with his constant relationship misfortunes, until he runs in to Lily Anne, who helps him with his heartache.  When Lemon  promises that the Rammer Jammer will be having a special concert with the band Gloriana, she must scramble to make it happen, with the less-than-enthusiastic help of Wade.  Meanwhile, Lavon  discovers that the opposing town's Mayor has stolen something dear to him and enlists the help of the townspeople to get it back.
301	Hart of Dixie	Who Says You Can't Go Home	Drama	8.5	After spending the summer in New York City, Zoe  is ready to make her move more permanent, but first she must return to BlueBell for one last thing.  Upon her return Zoe, discovers that no one in town is very happy to see her, except for Lavon.  Desperate for Brick  to give her a good reference, she agrees to help him track down George  and get him to resurrect the Founders Day parade that has been canceled.  Needing to find George quickly, Zoe enlists Lemon's  help but accidentally discovers Lemon is hiding a dirty little secret.  Meanwhile, Lemon also devises a plan to help Wade  save face in front of Zoe.
301	Hart of Dixie	Friends in Low Places	Drama	8.5	Trying to be hospitable to Joel, who is visiting BlueBell, Lavon  and AnnaBeth  invite him and Zoe  over for a quiet dinner, but when Lemon  meets Alabama's most eligible bachelor, Carter Covington, she invites herself along with Carter to the soiree.  However, when some unexpected guests show up to the party, Lemon's ruse with Wade  risks being exposed.  Meanwhile, George  makes a bad decision involving Lynly, which could ultimately ruin his friendship with Lavon.
301	Hart of Dixie	Take This Job and Shove It	Drama	8.5	Trying to avoid a confrontation with Brick, Zoe  begins discreetly seeing patients in BlueBell again.  But her plan goes awry when George  informs her she has a non-compete clause in her contract that prevents her from practicing for a year in the town.  Lavon  is thrilled at the chance to bring a minor league baseball team to BlueBell, but needs Brick's help to woo the team's owner.  Elsewhere, Lemon  finds herself in hot water with the Belles after she tries to overthrow the current leader.  Meanwhile, George finds himself needing medical attention during a tutoring session with Lynly, forcing him to call Zoe for help.
301	Hart of Dixie	Help Me Make It Through the Night	Drama	8.5	After Lemon's  fallout with the Belles, she is blacklisted from the Junior League Halloween Masquerade party, so she calls her Grandma Bettie  for help and lands herself a date with another of Alabama's most eligible bachelors.  Lavon  has a big surprise for his anniversary with AnnaBeth, but when she has a health scare, she turns to Zoe  to help her out.  Meanwhile, during the party, George  has to do damage control with the town judges and Wade  keeps finding himself in trouble with ineligible ladies.
301	Hart of Dixie	How Do You Like Me Now?	Drama	8.5	Zoe  is blissfully happy when she sees how well Joel  is adjusting to BlueBell, until, she learns the townspeople might have a different opinion of him.  Wanting to make things better, Zoe volunteers herself and Joel to chaperone the Go Girl Tween Adventure Camp, but when Joel refuses to go along, she is left to fix the the town's perception on her own.  After a rough start with Lynly, George  is pleasantly surprised when he learns they work well together.  Meanwhile, Lavon  is desperate to be part of the Gazebos of Alabama calendar, but when a crucial flower mistake jeopardizes his plan, Lavon begs Lemon  to help save the day.
301	Hart of Dixie	Family Tradition	Drama	8.5	Zoe  and Joel  are ready to find a more permanent place to live and find the perfect place is actually owned by a relative of Zoe's biological father's relatives.  After tracking the relative down, Zoe is unsure whether she is ready to face her extended family.  Due to the success Lemon  and Wade  have had with the Rammer Jammer, Lemon receives an offer that she may not be able to refuse.  AnnaBeth  seems eager for Lavon  to go out of town, causing him to wonder what she is up to.  Meanwhile, George  and Lynly's  connection continues to grow, but George is still reluctant to make a move.
301	Hart of Dixie	I Run to You	Drama	8.5	Zoe  beings to grow leery of how much time Joel  and Wade  hang out, especially when it begins to interfere with Joel's writing.  Ready to blame it all on Wade, Zoe does her best to entice Joel back into writing.  Lavon  is using the excuse of coaching his track team to avoid talking to AnnaBeth.  Meanwhile, Lemon  encourages Brick  to start dating again.  George  and Lynly  discuss whether they want to talk to Lavon about their feelings for each other.
301	Hart of Dixie	Miracles	Drama	8.5	When Zoe  finds herself treating her uncle, she takes a chance and invites him to the Hanukkah celebration that she is hosting.  However, this lands her in trouble once again with Vivian Wilkes.  Lemon  enlists George  and Lynly  to help uncover crucial information about one of Brick's  exes before he does anything rash.  Meanwhile, Wade  has a horrible toothache but refuses to go to the dentist, until Tansy  intervenes and helps him to open his eyes to his future.
301	Hart of Dixie	Something to Talk About	Drama	8.5	When Zoe  learns that Wade  is interested in dating someone close to her, she tries everything she can do to put a stop to it.  Lavon  enlists George  to help save BlueBell from merging with another town.  To help keep the town in the dark about the planned merger, Zoe uses Joel  and AnnaBeth  to create a scandalous distraction to throw people off the trail.  Meanwhile, Brick  starts dating again, but finds himself in a tough predicament when someone from his past resurfaces.
301	Hart of Dixie	Star of the Show	Drama	8.5	When Brick  is asked to help with the local cabaret, he nominates Zoe  to save the day.  Lavon  feels defeated about the possible merger with Fillmore, so it is left up to AnnaBeth  and Lemon  to motivate him to put up one last fight.  Lynly  continues to become more jealous of George's  close friendship with Tansy, and keeps a close on eye him.  Meanwhile, Wade  is excited about his new romance, but grows concerned when he notices that she is pulling away.
301	Hart of Dixie	One More Last Chance	Drama	8.5	In a last ditch effort to stop the merger, Lavon  enlists the entire town's help to try and convince the Lt. Governor  that BlueBell should be named a historic town.  Zoe  and Joel  continue to debate where to live, but the best option lies with Zoe's relative, who does not like New Yorkers.  Wade  takes a big step in his relationship by meeting Vivian's  son, but he soon realizes he has a long way to go to win him over.  Meanwhile, Lynly  is having some trust issues with George, which starts to create tension between them.
301	Hart of Dixie	Should've Been a Cowboy	Drama	8.5	Zoe  and Joel  finally buy a house, but soon realize neither of them make enough money to fix up the place.  Brick  agrees to help Zoe out but only if she can get the townspeople to lose 500 pounds collectively for Health and Wellness Month.  Joel is struggling with his novel and decides to follow Wade  around for research, but when Wade leaves Joel to alone to run the bar, Joel finds himself in some trouble.  Meanwhile, AnnaBeth  struggles to mask her feelings by throwing a last-minute bachelorette party for a friend.
301	Hart of Dixie	Act Naturally	Drama	8.5	Zoe  reluctantly agrees to allow Joel  to throw her a birthday party at Lavon's  to help cheer him up, but things go awry when her mom  surprises her with a visit.  Vivian  wants to meet Wade's  dad, but Wade is leery of how she might react.  AnnaBeth  gets an interesting request from the Belles that she was not expecting but, in light of recent developments might be the perfect distraction for her.  Meanwhile, George  is determined to prove to Tansy  that his nemesis Scooter McGreevy  has not changed and is fooling everyone.
301	Hart of Dixie	Here You Come Again	Drama	8.5	When Zoe's  mom  takes her on as a client, Zoe is secretly thrilled that she will finally get her mother's undivided attention.  Brick  is surprised to hear that Lemon  is returning to town soon, so he enlists Lavon's  help to throw a welcome home party for her.  However, her return hits an unexpected snag and she is forced to turn to Wade  for help.  Meanwhile, George  is roped into helping Magnolia.
301	Hart of Dixie	Ring of Fire	Drama	8.5	Zoe  learns that Joel  has hired some unreliable workers to help with the renovations, but when one gets hurt on the job he becomes litigious.  Lavon  has organized BlueBell's Renaissance Faire to help keep himself busy, but when no one wants to buy tickets, he decides to use Lemon's  two suitors as the main event.  Meanwhile, Wade  is excited about his upcoming anniversary with Vivian, but her son has other ideas.
301	Hart of Dixie	Carrying Your Love with Me	Drama	8.5	Zoe  and Joel  are frustrated by all the snags they keep running into while trying to remodel their new home.  Rose  persuades Lavon  to agree that BlueBell will be sister cities with a town in France.  Lemon  convinces George  to help her out with a business venture, but in order for things to go smoothly, Wade  has to play peacemaker.  Meanwhile, Brick  sees an opportunity to become BlueBell's Man of the Year, but he soon discovers he has some tough competition.
301	Hart of Dixie	A Good Run of Bad Luck	Drama	8.5	Zoe  is convinced that she and Lavon  are cursed and the only way to make things right is to fix the past.  When Vivian's  son  asks Wade  for some advice, he is happy to help, but not everyone is excited about his methods.  After an unplanned encounter, George  and Lemon  try to avoid each other, but it is more difficult now that they are business partners.  Meanwhile, AnnaBeth  is getting fed up with one of Brick's  patients, Davis, until she learns the real reason behind his ailments.
301	Hart of Dixie	Back in the Saddle Again	Drama	8.5	Zoe  and Lemon  seem to find some common ground and turn to each other for some much needed girlfriend advice.  Wade  is excited to take Vivian  out for a nice night out, but when her ex-husband begins texting her, Wade becomes suspicious of her exes' true intentions.  Lavon  has the opportunity to bid to have the County Fair in BlueBell, but he loses focus when learns that AnnaBeth  is now dating.  Meanwhile, Magnolia  concocts a plan to get Brick  away from his house to throw a party.
301	Hart of Dixie	A Better Man	Drama	8.5	Zoe  finds herself in the middle of Wade  and Vivian's  relationship, putting her in an awkward position.  Things between Lavon  and AnnaBeth  are getting worse and starting to affect the town.  Lemon  is upset when she receives a less-than-perfect health inspection grade and devises a plan to get it changed.  Meanwhile, George  needs a distraction and begrudgingly agrees to go on a date with a Bible School teacher.
301	Hart of Dixie	Together Again	Drama	8.5	While Wade  is upset with Zoe  over his relationship issues, she decides to lay low and help George  out with his problems with Lemon.   Meanwhile Lemon and Wade decide to play hooky from their respective problems.  AnnaBeth  is excited to introduce her new boyfriend to her parents, until they decide they would rather spend time with Lavon.  Brick  tries to help Wanda  and Tom  cope with infertility issues.
301	Hart of Dixie	Stuck	Drama	8.5	When Wade's  dad asks Zoe  for help with his love life, she is happy to get involved, until Wade advises her that no good can come from it.  Lavon  recruits George  to help persuade the city comptroller to change BlueBell's billing on an exit sign, but finds himself in competition against his rival, Mayor Gainey.  Meanwhile, Lemon  continues to try to raise Fancie's profile, but all her plans seem to go up in flames.
301	Hart of Dixie	Second Chance	Drama	8.5	Zoe  tries to be a supportive friend to Wade, but when she makes a grand gesture, Wade is forced to make a tough decision about his future with the Rammer Jammer and BlueBell.  Lavon  and George  meet their hero Don Todd, who helps them see things in their life more clearly.  Grandma Bettie  tries to convince Lemon  that she has to take her search for a suitable husband more seriously.  Meanwhile, AnnaBeth  is trying to picture her future with Davis.
301	Hart of Dixie	Kablang	Drama	8.5	Zoe is excited that Wade has decided to stay in BlueBell. However, she is struggling with getting him to notice her attempts at romantic gestures. Brick is surprised when he gets a knock on his door from someone from his past. Meanwhile, George and Lavon are on the outs after realizing they both want the same thing: Lemon.
301	Hart of Dixie	The Curling Iron	Drama	8.5	Confused by Zoe's attempts to make amends, Wade seeks love advice from Lemon, while Zoe does her best to focus on work instead of her Wade problems. Lemon and Brick are attempting to keep the truth about their respective love lives a secret from Grandma Bettie. Meanwhile, Lavon and George begrudgingly work together to get the real scoop on Lemon's new boyfriend Henry.
301	Hart of Dixie	The Very Good Bagel	Drama	8.5	After weeks of going back and forth with their relationship problems, Zoe and Wade finally start making progress. Lemon reminisces about her high school days and enlists Annabeth and Crickett to crash George's parents' lake house. While rescuing the girls from their fun night, George and Lavon make drastic decisions regarding their love lives.
301	Hart of Dixie	Red Dye #40	Drama	8.5	When Lavon hears of Lemon's financial woes, he organizes a BlueBell talent show, giving the townspeople, including Lemon, a chance to win some extra money. However, with the contestants feeling intimidated by Shelby's participation, her sudden illness before her performance becomes a mystery the entire town tries to solve. Meanwhile, Zoe and Wade find themselves in a compromising situation that would require them to reveal their current relationship status.
301	Hart of Dixie	Bar-Be-Q Burritos	Drama	8.5	After making a long list of things to do before the baby arrives, Zoe and Wade realize they need to earn more money. Trying to keep Zoe from getting stressed out, Wade lies to her about how great the Rammer Jammer is doing. In an effort to bring customers back to the Rammer Jammer, Wade secures a surprise musical performance. Meanwhile, Lemon and Lavon are trying hard to move on with their lives, but when they run into each other at a Singles Hoedown, they realize it might be easier said than done.
301	Hart of Dixie	Alabama Boys	Drama	8.5	After Zoe and Wade learn the gender of their baby, they are struck with the realization that neither one of them is ready for parenthood. BlueBell is in contention for hosting the state football championship, but only if they partner with the rival town of Fillmore. Begrudgingly, Lemon helps convince Lavon to talk to his nemesis, but he needs AnnaBeth's help to get him close to the Mayor. Meanwhile, Brick gets a surprise from his past that shakes him to his core.
301	Hart of Dixie	The Butterstick Tab	Drama	8.5	Zoe gets upset when she sees Wade flirt with a few ladies, so she forces him to change his ways. Needing some guidance, Wade turns to Lavon for help, but soon finds himself in even worse trouble. Lemon is blindsided by someone from her past and must make a tough decision on how to handle the situation. Meanwhile, George and AnnaBeth try to make their own new adventures together, but are finding it harder than they thought.
301	Hart of Dixie	61 Candles	Drama	8.5	Zoe gets sad when she realizes she doesn't have an heirloom to pass down to their child, so Wade makes it his mission to find something from one of their pasts. Brick is disappointed when everyone forgets his birthday, so when Lavon and Wade invite Brick on a fishing excursion, he thinks he is being led to a surprise party. Lemon and Zoe try make plans to have a girls' day, but things do not go as planned. Meanwhile, George's parents come to town and they are shocked by who he is dating and his new job.
301	Hart of Dixie	End Of Days	Drama	8.5	AnnaBeth is visited in a dream by BlueBell's founder, who prophesies five omens about the end of BlueBell. Not taking it seriously, AnnaBeth shares her dream with Crickett who tells everyone and creates a town-wide panic. Zoe and Wade are surprised when it comes out that they have very different opinions about marriage. Meanwhile, George is at a crossroads when he gets an offer that could change his life forever.
301	Hart of Dixie	Bluebell	Drama	8.5	As Zoe and Wade try to work out their issues, Zoe makes a life-changing decision and Wade does everything he can to make it happen before their baby is born. Lavon feels guilty about misleading Lemon and is determined to make things right. Meanwhile, George and AnnaBeth are frustrated with their current situation, leaving them with a big decision to be made.
303	Deadbeat	Deadbeat	Comedy	3.0	Deadbeat is an all new original comedy series. Kevin Pacalioglu may have no money and no clue, but he can see dead people, so that's pretty cool. Faced with a constant stream of stubborn spirits, Pac goes to whatever lengths require the least amount of effort to help New York City's most frivolous ghosts finish their unfinished business.
303	Deadbeat	The Sexorcism	Comedy	3.0	Kevin struggles to help a ghost whose unfinished business involves losing his virginity to an ex-girlfriend.
303	Deadbeat	The Hot God Contest	Comedy	3.0	When the ghost of a competitive eater starts unplugging feeding tubes at a hospital, Kevin must convince the recipient of the ghost's stomach to enter one last hot-dog eating contest.
303	Deadbeat	The Knockoff	Comedy	3.0	While helping the ghost of a DVD bootlegger recover the last movie he ever shot, Kevin encounters mafia members looking for the same tape, which just might contain footage of a mob hit.
303	Deadbeat	The Comedium	Comedy	3.0	When a deceased stand-up comedian continues to take the stage each night after closing, Kevin looks for the worst audience possible to heckle him into the Light.
303	Deadbeat	Out-Of-Body Issues	Comedy	3.0	After Roofie falls for a saleswoman at a clothing store, Kevin must help the ghost of a former employee track down exploitative photos of her taken by the company's sleazy CEO.
303	Deadbeat	Raising the Dead	Comedy	3.0	In an attempt to reconnect with his boyhood crush, Kevin tries to barter for a special gift by exorcising a haunted orphanage… on Halloween.
303	Deadbeat	Calamityville Horror	Comedy	3.0	Roofie brings Kevin along to fix up a teardown he bought online, but when the house locks the two friends inside, Kevin must uncover the reason behind the haunting.
303	Deadbeat	The Ghost in the Machine	Comedy	3.0	When investigating a haunted apartment, Kevin discovers the ghost of inventor Rube Goldberg, who needs help pulling off the most elaborate "Rube Goldberg machine" of all time.
303	Deadbeat	Sixty Feet Under	Comedy	3.0	When the Mayor of New York City offers him a career-making case, Kevin encounters the toughest ghost problem he's ever faced.
303	Deadbeat	Pieces of Sue	Comedy	3.0	Kevin races to help the ghost of a friend finish her unfinished business before time runs out.
303	Deadbeat	The Ex-orcism	Comedy	3.0	Sue finds herself unable to move on into the light in her new ghost form, though Pac is here to help.
303	Deadbeat	Table For Sue	Comedy	3.0	Pac agrees to help out a new upscale restaurant haunted by the ghost of a previous chef, who can't pass on until a smug Yelp reviewer retracts his dissatisfied critique. Chamomile tricks Pac into working for her.
303	Deadbeat	Ghosts Just Wanna Have Fun	Comedy	3.0	Pac must convince a cranky teenage ghost to haunt elsewhere.
303	Deadbeat	Last Dance With Edith Jane	Comedy	3.0	Pac helps a 1940's Broadway dancer train for a nursing home talent show.
303	Deadbeat	The Occult Leader	Comedy	3.0	Pac becomes the reluctant cult leader of a group en route to Pluto.
303	Deadbeat	Good Will Haunting	Comedy	3.0	Pac takes a job at a school in order to help the ghost of a janitor.
303	Deadbeat	The Blowfish Job	Comedy	3.0	Pac's adoptive father TJ shows up in need of Pac's help exorcising his new apartment.
303	Deadbeat	The Spank Job	Comedy	3.0	Pac helps a ghost rescue his girlfriend from their Y2K bunker, now trapped beneath a sperm bank.
303	Deadbeat	The Emancipation Apparition	Comedy	3.0	Pac and Sue's romantic staycation at the Waldorf Astoria is interrupted by the ghost of a US President.
303	Deadbeat	The Unholy Trinity	Comedy	3.0	Frustrated that they can't consummate their relationship physically, Pac and Sue hire a sex vessel for Sue to possess.
303	Deadbeat	The Polaroid Flasher	Comedy	3.0	Roofie, arrested for drug dealing, needs Pac's help from prison to obtain a specific bag of weed.
303	Deadbeat	The Ghost of Christmas Presents	Comedy	3.0	Pac is visited by the ghost of Santa Claus who needs his help delivering one final present.
303	Deadbeat	Finger Fucked	Comedy	3.0	Federal immigration agents crash Pac's surprise party to celebrate Roofie's release from prison.
305	Black Mirror	Black Mirror	Science-Fiction	8.7	Charlie Brooker, the writer of E4's Dead Set, returns with a suspenseful, satirical three-part mini-series that taps into collective unease about our modern world.
305	Black Mirror	The National Anthem	Science-Fiction	8.7	Prime Minister Michael Callow faces a huge and shocking dilemma when Princess Susannah, a much-loved member of the Royal Family, is kidnapped.
305	Black Mirror	Fifteen Million Merits	Science-Fiction	8.7	In the near future, everyone is confined to a life of strange physical drudgery. The only way to escape is to enter the 'Hot Shot' talent show and pray you can impress the judges.
305	Black Mirror	The Entire History of You	Science-Fiction	8.7	A new memory implant means you'll never forget anything, but is that always a good thing?
305	Black Mirror	Be Right Back	Science-Fiction	8.7	When a young man dies, his partner finds out that she can stay in touch with him by creating a virtual version of him through his online history.
305	Black Mirror	White Bear	Science-Fiction	8.7	Victoria wakes up and can't remember anything about her life. Everyone she encounters refuses to communicate with her and enjoys filming her discomfort on their phones.
305	Black Mirror	The Waldo Moment	Science-Fiction	8.7	An animated blue bear from a satirical comedy show, and the struggling comedian who plays him, are entered into a political race.
306	Broadchurch	Broadchurch	Drama	8.6	David Tennant, Olivia Colman, Andrew Buchan and Jodie Whittaker, star in Broadchurch – a brand new powerful, thought provoking drama series by Kudos Film and Television for ITV. The sadness of losing a child consumes the family, Beth and Mark Latimer their daughter 15-year-old Chloe and Beth's mum Liz as they attempt to cope with their grief, everyday normal life and the abruptness of the unwarranted attention heaped upon them. Devastated by their loss, it's the most stressful and emotional time in their lives as they struggle to relate to their friends, neighbours, the church, the press, and the police.
306	Broadchurch	Episode 1	Drama	8.6	Out-of-town DI Alec Hardy investigates the mysterious death of an 11-year-old boy in an idyllic seaside community, aided by local girl DS Ellie Miller, who has her work cut out dealing with her unyielding new boss. Meanwhile, the sadness of losing their child consumes Beth and Mark Latimer as they and the other residents of Broadchurch try to cope with the media frenzy surrounding the case.
306	Broadchurch	Episode 2	Drama	8.6	The detectives have their work cut out identifying key suspects, especially as the location of Danny's murder is still a mystery, but Miller discovers some suspicious items taped under the victim's bed and in his sister Chloe's room, which could help them get closer to the truth. Meanwhile, Hardy finds an isolated clifftop hut that arouses his curiosity, the Latimers struggle to cope with their grief and the Rev Paul Coates decides to address the local media.
306	Broadchurch	Episode 3	Drama	8.6	Fingerprints at the crime scene lead DI Hardy and DS Miller to a shocking suspect in Danny's murder - his father. When questioned, Mark explains he had been there recently to repair a boiler, but his alibi for the night of the murder quickly falls apart. Meanwhile, Steve Connelly approaches Beth claiming to have a message - from her dead son.
306	Broadchurch	Episode 4	Drama	8.6	Local journalist Olly investigates Jack, the newsagent for whom Danny did a paper round - and discovers a suspicious previous conviction. Meanwhile, Beth and Mark try to get more national press coverage of their son's death in an attempt to find his killer, and Hardy goes for dinner with Miller and her husband, but blacks out in his hotel room later that evening.
306	Broadchurch	Episode 5	Drama	8.6	Miller realises the evidence Jack handed over does not tally with her knowledge of Danny's possessions, while Olly and Karen work together on an article about the newsagent's past. However, the next morning when they read the paper, they discover the piece has been rewritten to make Jack look like a sex offender - and the police can offer little protection.
306	Broadchurch	Episode 6	Drama	8.6	Files are piling up at the police station but, with no fresh leads or witnesses, the case is stalling and morale is low. Hardy is stunned when he's told to scale back resources and feels his hope of catching Danny's killer is slipping away. However, at the Broadchurch Echo, Maggie grows determined to solve a mystery that has taken a very personal turn for her. How will her efforts affect the official investigation?
306	Broadchurch	Episode 7	Drama	8.6	Following recent events, Miller is more isolated than ever before as she tries to find out what happened at the clifftop hut. Meanwhile, the police are circling Susan as Nige grows increasingly desperate for her to leave Broadchurch. What is she hiding? And which members of the local community hold the key to Danny's death?
306	Broadchurch	Episode 8	Drama	8.6	After weeks of speculation, the Broadchurch community struggles to come to terms with the truth about the events surrounding Danny Latimer's death, and the revelations threaten to prevent the dead boy from being allowed to rest in peace.
306	Broadchurch	Episode 1	Drama	8.6	Return of the critically acclaimed crime drama set in a Dorset seaside town. In the first series, the murder of 11-year-old Danny Latimer rocked Broadchurch, as DI Alec Hardy - still haunted by the collapse of a previous case he worked on - was put in charge of the investigation. Many local residents came under suspicion, including the boy's father Mark, and the revelation of the killer's identity had far-reaching consequences after weeks of speculation.
306	Broadchurch	Episode 2	Drama	8.6	The townspeople struggle to come to terms with recent events, and shock waves reverberate through Broadchurch. What will the impact be on the Latimers? Meanwhile, Paul continues his secret meetings and Hardy must face a figure from his past.
306	Broadchurch	Episode 3	Drama	8.6	Hardy faces a race against time as Ellie discovers a startling new piece of evidence, forcing them to reassess their suspicions. Meanwhile, with DS Miller coming under intense pressure from all sides, life for Mark and Beth is about to change for ever.
306	Broadchurch	Episode 4	Drama	8.6	Family tensions surface as Ellie struggles to control her sister Lucy, Mark Latimer has a decision to make and Alec Hardy has to face his demons.
306	Broadchurch	Episode 5	Drama	8.6	New information forces Hardy and Ellie to re-evaluate what they believe. Is it possible that they have been wrong about everything so far?
306	Broadchurch	Episode 6	Drama	8.6	Ellie tries to wrest back control, and time is running out for Alec Hardy. Meanwhile, Beth Latimer has to face an emotional ordeal alone.
306	Broadchurch	Episode 7	Drama	8.6	A trap is set - but will it have the desired result? In a turn of events she could never have foreseen, Ellie finds herself exposed and alone.
306	Broadchurch	Episode 8	Drama	8.6	Decisions are made, truths are revealed and lives in Broadchurch are changed forever.
307	Bluestone 42	Bluestone 42	Comedy	9.0	Comedy drama series following the lives of a bomb disposal detachment serving in Afghanistan.
308	Matador (US)	Matador (US)	Drama	7.7	Shot in Los Angeles, the irreverent, adrenaline-filled series chronicles the unlikely rise of Tony "Matador" Bravo a professional soccer player for the LA Riot who comes to be known as much for his antics off the field as his moves on it. But what his fans and family don't realize is that it's all a cover - in truth, he is a skilled covert operative executing missions for the CIA. Agent Bravo, nicknamed "Matador" after he takes out a top player known as "The Bull" during tryouts for the team, finds himself suddenly thrust into a clandestine world. But, in balancing his dueling roles, he will be forced to confront the question of his true identity... and it is this mission that may prove to be his most dangerous.
309	Rogue	Rogue	Action	7.5	Grace has left her life as an undercover cop to be a better mother to her daughter. She's recently separated from Tom and with the arrival of her estranged mother, she's got plenty of drama at home. Grace's new job as a handler for an FBI task force has her investigating corporate espionage in San Francisco. But when her undercover operative, Sarah, goes missing, Grace is forced to go back undercover to save her. That's when she meets Ethan the owner of the security consultancy Sarah investigated before disappearing. Grace looks to gain Ethan's trust to learn what happened to Sarah, but Ethan has his own agenda. His close friend and business partner was murdered the night Sarah vanished. He's determined to find who's responsible—creating a dangerous game of cat and mouse. As Grace gets closer to Ethan, her feelings grow. But can she trust him?
309	Rogue	The White Guy	Action	7.5	In the Season 3 premiere, Grace is still missing; Ethan heads to Chicago to investigate a notorious attorney; and DEA Agent Harper Deakins' investigation of a Chicago gang takes a bad turn when a routine stakeout goes wrong.
309	Rogue	The Chandelier Man	Action	7.5	Grace works to escape; Ethan reconnects with his father; gang warfare spills into the suburbs; and Ethan investigates Marty's leak at a party, where he meets Marlon Dinard, who is not what he seems.
309	Rogue	Justice	Action	7.5	Grace heads to Chicago to work with Ethan; Marlon appears on Harper's DEA radar; Harper's confidential informant, Lobo, is made; and Ethan finds Marty's leak.
309	Rogue	Dirty Laundry	Action	7.5	Harper is hit hard by Lobo's death; Ethan tells Marty the real reason he's in Chicago; Talia causes problems for Marlon; Grace and Ethan spy on Marty and the General; and Grace follows a dangerous lead.
309	Rogue	The Fountain	Action	7.5	Talia is arrested, which causes a headache for Marty; Harper uncovers another clue in Hutchings' death; and Ethan searches for Grace and tries to rescue his father before it's too late.
309	Rogue	Lights Out	Action	7.5	Ethan and George work on their relationship while hiding from Roberts; Marlon strives to regain control following Cups' death; Talia tries a fresh start; and Harper follows the money trail, which leads her to Marlon.
309	Rogue	Mea Culpa	Action	7.5	Patrick investigates who shot at Harper, whose efforts to nail Marlon lead her to try and flip Talia. Ethan, meanwhile, turns himself in.
309	Rogue	Oysters But No Pearls	Action	7.5	Ethan rots in prison. Roberts is arrested. Marty and the General have a sparring match over dinner. Harper leaves Jack and stays with Patrick, leading her to a few revelations. Talia plans her next move after a fight with Marlon.
309	Rogue	Chicagoland	Action	7.5	Marlon's business is in jeopardy and Marty refuses to help. Harper questions Patrick. A free man, Ethan needs to decide what's next. Talia sets up Marlon. Marty learns of the sting and rushes to stop Marlon before it's too late.
309	Rogue	Beyond Judgment	Action	7.5	Harper keeps Patrick contained. Marlon is arrested for Talia's murder, with Marty coming to his defense. Ethan strikes a new deal with Marty, who learns Marlon betrayed him. Harper breaks the Hutchings' murder case wide open.
310	Married	Married	Drama	7.0	"Married" is about being miserably in love. It stars Nat Faxon and Judy Greer as Russ and Lina Bowman, who can barely remember what it was like before kids, debt, and suburbia rained on their romance. But every once in a while, in between arguments about their declining sex life and who's driving carpool, they are reminded what drew them together in the first place — they're best friends. The show co-stars Brett Gelman and Jenny Slate.
310	Married	Pilot	Drama	7.0	 Russ develops an inappropriate relationship with a waxing technician.
310	Married	The Shower	Drama	7.0	 AJ and Jess hijack Russ and Lina's night out.
310	Married	The Getaway	Drama	7.0	Russ and Lina go on a romantic getaway. Jess gets in trouble for sexting her neighbor.
310	Married	Uncool	Drama	7.0	An overdue orthodontist bill forces Russ and Lina to be uncool.
310	Married	The Playdate	Drama	7.0	 Russ and Lina get roped into an awkward playdate.  Jess helps AJ get rid of an unwanted houseguest. 
310	Married	Invisible Man	Drama	7.0	Russ's refusal to have his semen tested results in an unexpected climax.
310	Married	Waffles & Pizza	Drama	7.0	AJ & Lina encourage Russ to consider a shady real estate deal. Jess's boss puts her in an uncompromising position.
310	Married	The Old Date	Drama	7.0	Russ & Lina have a date night in their old neighborhood.   AJ and Bernie take a detour on the way to a gentlemen's club.
310	Married	Halloween	Drama	7.0	Russ & Jess take an unwilling AJ to rehab. 
310	Married	Family Day	Drama	7.0	When Russ, Lina and Jess visit AJ at rehab, everyone's issues come to a head.
310	Married	Thanksgiving	Drama	7.0	Russ and Lina have a surprise Thanksgiving. Jess and AJ pretend not to know each other.
310	Married	Aftershocks	Drama	7.0	Lina and Russ let the wrong friends host her 40th birthday party.
310	Married	The Sandwich	Drama	7.0	Russ and Lina go on separate dates.
310	Married	Koreatown	Drama	7.0	Russ and AJ have a big night out. Lina tries to be the cool mom.
310	Married	Pimps	Drama	7.0	Russ & Lina go to extreme lengths for a family vacation. directed by Nisha Ganatra.
310	Married	Murder!	Drama	7.0	Lina and Russ play hooky from work to investigate the man living in their guest house. directed by Jamie Babbit.
310	Married	The Cruise	Drama	7.0	Lina helps Russ manage his relationship with his mother. Written by: Daisy Gardner; directed by Jamie Babbit.
310	Married	Mother's Day	Drama	7.0	Lina bails on her Mother's Day brunch.
310	Married	Guardians	Drama	7.0	Russ and Lina try to figure out who gets the kids if they die. directed by Nisha Ganatra.
310	Married	1997	Drama	7.0	Russ and Lina go back to their old school and party like it's 1997.
310	Married	Triggers	Drama	7.0	AJ ropes Russ into working on a children's book. Lina butts heads with Abby's ex. Written by: Kevin Napier & Salamo Levin; directed by Jay Karas.
310	Married	Gymnastics	Drama	7.0	Russ and Lina bump into Russ's old flame at a gymnastics meet.
310	Married	The Waiter	Drama	7.0	Russ and his assistant start to get too close. Lina and AJ work together on a children's play about the dangers of addiction.
312	You're the Worst	You're the Worst	Comedy	7.5	"You're The Worst" puts a darker spin on rom-coms. Chris Geere and Ava Cash go home together after a wedding and, despite their better judgment, begin to fall for each other.
312	You're the Worst	Pilot	Comedy	7.5	Jimmy and Gretchen find themselves falling for each other despite their better judgment.
312	You're the Worst	Insouciance	Comedy	7.5	Jimmy attempts to take Gretchen on a date.
312	You're the Worst	Keys Open Doors	Comedy	7.5	Gretchen inadvertently asks Jimmy for a key to his house.
312	You're the Worst	What Normal People Do	Comedy	7.5	Gretchen makes Jimmy come over to her disaster of an apartment.
312	You're the Worst	Sunday Funday	Comedy	7.5	Jimmy begrudgingly joins Gretchen, Edgar, and Lindsay on a "Sunday Funday."
312	You're the Worst	PTSD	Comedy	7.5	After Jimmy accidentally sleeps with an A-List celebrity, he and Gretchen embark on a sex arms race to even out their score.
312	You're the Worst	Equally Dead Inside	Comedy	7.5	 Jimmy opens up emotionally, which completely freaks Gretchen out.
312	You're the Worst	Finish Your Milk	Comedy	7.5	Jimmy meets Gretchen's parents.
312	You're the Worst	Constant Horror and Bone-Deep Dissatisfaction	Comedy	7.5	An episode spanning the course of nearly three years, we see the events that lead up to Gretchen and Jimmy meeting.
312	You're the Worst	Fists and Feet and Stuff	Comedy	7.5	 Jimmy and Gretchen take their relationship to the next level.
312	You're the Worst	The Sweater People	Comedy	7.5	A newly co-habitating Jimmy and Gretchen avoid a life of domesticity by partying non-stop, which they both struggle to maintain. Edgar obsesses over Lindsay while an oblivious Lindsay makes a desperate attempt to reconcile with her husband.
312	You're the Worst	Crevasses	Comedy	7.5	Gretchen, realizing she doesn't really have any adult belongings, takes the gang on a trip to the mall. Jimmy uses this opportunity to gain some writing inspiration. Meanwhile, a newly single Lindsay recruits a hesitant Edgar to help her pick up guys.
312	You're the Worst	Born Dead	Comedy	7.5	Gretchen makes an attempt to reconnect with her old group of friends by throwing herself a housewarming party. Jimmy does his best to affirm his belief that friends are for babies. Edgar continues his pursuit of Lindsay, and Lindsay meets her estranged husband's new girlfriend.
312	You're the Worst	All About That Paper	Comedy	7.5	Jimmy spends the day with an eccentric author on a day-long job interview. Gretchen deals with a work crisis. Edgar discovers the magic of improv comedy. And Lindsay gets served with divorce papers.
312	You're the Worst	We Can Do Better Than This	Comedy	7.5	Jimmy questions his ability as a writer but finally zeroes in on his next project. Meanwhile, Gretchen and Lindsay discover all they do is talk about men and set out to change the status-quo. Edgar gets close to his improv teacher, Dorothy.
312	You're the Worst	Side Bitch	Comedy	7.5	Jimmy discovers Gretchen's been sneaking out of the house at night and suspects she's having an affair. Lindsay's life spirals as she discovers she doesn't know how to live on her own. Edgar takes Dorothy out on a date.
312	You're the Worst	There Is Not Currently A Problem	Comedy	7.5	Trapped in Jimmy's house by the LA Marathon, the gang tries to exterminate a mouse that's been living in the house. Gretchen reveals to Jimmy that she's clinically depressed. directed by Wendy Stanzler.
313	Plebs	Plebs	Comedy	7.0	Sitcom about three desperate young men from the suburbs who try to get laid, hold down jobs and climb the social ladder in the big city - which just happens to be ancient Rome.
314	Vice	Vice	Drama	9.0	VICE explores today's most pressing issues, from civil unrest and hotbeds of terrorism, to unchecked government corruption and looming environmental catastrophes.
314	Vice	Our Rising Oceans	Drama	9.0	Season 3 begins with a report on climate change that features a visit to Antarctica to observe melting glaciers; and a report on rising sea levels in Bangladesh. Also: an interview with Vice President Joe Biden.
314	Vice	To Serve and Protect & Coming to America	Drama	9.0	Thomas Morton reports from Ferguson, Mo., in the aftermath of the fatal shooting of Michael Brown, and interviews journalist Radley Balko about the militarization of police in the U.S.; Suroosh Alvi visits El Salvador to observe the reasons behind mass migration north, and chronicles a journey through Central America on top of trains that leads to the U.S.
315	Archer	Archer	Comedy	8.1	Archer is an animated, half-hour comedy set at the International Secret Intelligence Service, a spy agency where espionage and global crises are merely opportunities for its highly trained employees to confuse, undermine, betray and royally screw each other.
315	Archer	The Man from Jupiter	Comedy	8.1	 Archer is shocked to learn that his mother is dating Archer's idol/hero/man-crush, Burt Reynolds.
315	Archer	El Contador	Comedy	8.1	 Cyril is promoted to field agent, while Malory institutes a strict drug-testing policy. Neither of which sit well with the staff of ISIS.
315	Archer	The Limited	Comedy	8.1	The Royal Canadian Mounted Police enlist the help of ISIS to transport a captured Canadian terrorist. On a train.
315	Archer	Drift Problem	Comedy	8.1	Archer's surprise birthday present - a high-tech, souped-up spy car - leads to all sorts of other surprises. None of which are good.
315	Archer	Lo Scandalo	Comedy	8.1	 Malory turns to Archer and Lana for help when she finds herself in a compromising situation with the Italian prime minister.
315	Archer	Bloody Ferlin	Comedy	8.1	Archer must help Gillette save his younger brother from a crooked sheriff in the backwoods of West Virginia.
315	Archer	Crossing Over	Comedy	8.1	Archer's sex life compromises his effectiveness as an agent. But more seriously than the countless other times. 
315	Archer	Skin Game	Comedy	8.1	Archer is faced with a dilemma when his murdered fiancée, Katya, miraculously reappears. In Krieger's lab.
315	Archer	Space Race (1)	Comedy	8.1	Archer and his colleagues at ISIS voyage to the final frontier in an effort to prevent a catastrophe on the International Space Station.
315	Archer	Space Race (2)	Comedy	8.1	 Archer and his colleagues at ISIS wish they had never voyaged to the final frontier in an effort to prevent a catastrophe on the International Space Station.
315	Archer	Fugue and Riffs	Comedy	8.1	Archer has amnesia and decides the only cure is a spa weekend.
315	Archer	The Wind Cries Mary	Comedy	8.1	Archer and his former best friend  are holed up in the Vermont wilderness, fighting hard to come out on top.
315	Archer	Legs	Comedy	8.1	Archer's fear of cyborgs hits home when Krieger offers to make robotic legs for Gillette.
315	Archer	Midnight Ron	Comedy	8.1	The beginning of beautiful hatred between Archer and his new stepfather plays out as the two are chased by gangsters.
315	Archer	Vicious Coupling	Comedy	8.1	Archer's former fiancé wants him to save her cyborg boyfriend who is trapped in outer space. Archer wants...other things.
315	Archer	Once Bitten	Comedy	8.1	 A snake bites Archer in a special place.
315	Archer	Live and Let Dine	Comedy	8.1	Archer, Lana, and Cyril go undercover in celebrity chef Lance Casteau's  hellish kitchen.
315	Archer	Coyote Lovely	Comedy	8.1	 Archer heads to the Mexican border to capture a notorious coyote, which is Spanish for coyote.
315	Archer	The Honeymooners	Comedy	8.1	Archer and Lana pose as newlyweds to stop a sale of enriched uranium. SPOILER ALERT: Lana goes nuclear before the bomb does.
315	Archer	Un Chien Tangerine	Comedy	8.1	 Archer and Lana extract an agent from Morocco only to find out his bark is worse than his bite.
315	Archer	The Papal Chase	Comedy	8.1	Archer must rescue the Pope from an assassination plot using Woodhouse as a decoy. Operation Bad Habit is a go.
315	Archer	Sea Tunt (1)	Comedy	8.1	Cheryl's brother Cecil Tunt  and his girlfriend Tiffy  drive her crazier than usual as they travel into the Bermuda Triangle. Where mysteries abound!.
315	Archer	Sea Tunt (2)	Comedy	8.1	Archer and the ISIS crew go to an underwater SEA LABoratory  to stop the deranged Captain Murphy.
315	Archer	White Elephant	Comedy	8.1	Someone dies.  Someone who has been with the ISIS crew from the beginning.  And then things get crazy.
315	Archer	Archer Vice: A Kiss While Dying	Comedy	8.1	 Archer, Pam and Lana travel to Miami to visit some old friends.  It's a fondue party!
315	Archer	Archer Vice: A Debt of Honor	Comedy	8.1	Pam makes a deal that puts everyone in danger.  Archer dons his slightly darker black suit to save the day.
315	Archer	Archer Vice: House Call	Comedy	8.1	Archer has to stage an intervention for Pam that gets derailed by an unwanted guest.
315	Archer	Archer Vice: Southbound and Down	Comedy	8.1	Malory buys a bus and takes everyone on a road trip.  Put that hammer down and give it hell. .
315	Archer	Archer Vice: Baby Shower	Comedy	8.1	 Archer decides to give Lana the perfect baby shower gift by forcing Kenny Loggins to sing a duet with Cherlene.  Something something Danja Zown!
315	Archer	Archer Vice: Smugglers' Blues	Comedy	8.1	 Archer travels to Columbia on a secret mission that becomes not so secret after he gets drunk.
315	Archer	Archer Vice: The Rules of Extraction	Comedy	8.1	Archer, Ray, and Cyril raft down a crocodile-filled river while Lana and Pam plan a spa day for Malory.
315	Archer	Archer Vice: On The Carpet	Comedy	8.1	 Archer avoids crash landing in a dangerous swamp only to come face-to-face with a shady arms dealer. 
315	Archer	Archer Vice: Palace Intrigue: Part I	Comedy	8.1	Archer and the rest of the ISIS gang are the guests of Gustavo Calderon  and his wife Juliana.  Calderon is a big fan of Cherlene but Juliana is a bigger fan of Archer.
315	Archer	Archer Vice: Palace Intrigue: Part II	Comedy	8.1	 Archer tries to keep his fling with the dictator's wife a secret while Krieger bonds with his clone-brothers.
315	Archer	Archer Vice: Filibuster	Comedy	8.1	 Cyril becomes the new president of San Marcos,  Cherlene becomes the first lady of country music, and Archer becomes a resistance fighter. 
315	Archer	Archer Vice: Arrival/Departure	Comedy	8.1	Archer helps Lana with the delivery of her baby, while Krieger tries to prevent the delivery of a deadly weapon.
315	Archer	The Holdout	Comedy	8.1	Archer must salvage a crashed plane in a jungle filled with relics from World War II. Written by Adam Reed.
315	Archer	Three To Tango	Comedy	8.1	An agent from the past has a hand in creating tension between Archer and Lana. Written by Adam Reed.
315	Archer	The Archer Sanction	Comedy	8.1	Archer, Lana, and Ray climb their way to the top of an assassin's hit list. Written by Adam Reed.
315	Archer	Edie's Wedding	Comedy	8.1	Pam takes Archer to her sister's wedding but gets side-tracked with technical difficulties.
315	Archer	Vision Quest	Comedy	8.1	The gang gets to work early so they can spend some quality time together. Written by Adam Reed and Ben Hoffman.
315	Archer	Sitting	Comedy	8.1	Archer's first weekend alone with baby AJ is soiled by a Pakistani intelligence officer.
315	Archer	Nellis	Comedy	8.1	A rescue mission turns into an out-of-this-world visit to Area 51.
315	Archer	The Kanes	Comedy	8.1	Lana introduces Archer to her parents. Archer introduces Lana's parents to high-speed chases.
315	Archer	Pocket Listing	Comedy	8.1	Slater has the gang swindle the Durhani royal family and Gillette lends a hand.
315	Archer	Reignition Sequence	Comedy	8.1	An office romance is interrupted by the Russians.
315	Archer	Achub Y Morfilod	Comedy	8.1	Archer and Lana travel to Wales for a romantic getaway of aiding separatists.
315	Archer	Drastic Voyage: Part I	Comedy	8.1	Archer and the gang prepare for their most fantastic voyage ever.
315	Archer	Drastic Voyage: Part Ii	Comedy	8.1	The fantastic voyage concludes.
317	Vicious	Vicious	Comedy	8.0	Comedy about partners, Freddie and Stuart, who have lived together in Covent Garden for 50 years. Starring Sir Ian McKellen, Sir Derek Jacobi and Frances de la Tour as their best friend Violet.
318	Community	Community	Comedy	8.7	"Community" is a smart, exuberant comedy that is consistently ranked as one of the most inventive and original half-hours on television. This ensemble comedy centers around a tight-knit group of friends who all met at what is possibly the world's worst educational institution - Greendale Community College.
318	Community	Pilot	Comedy	8.7	Community" is a new NBC comedy series about a band of misfits who attend Greendale Community College. At the center of the group is Jeff Winger, a fast-talking lawyer whose degree has been revoked. With some help from his fellow classmates, Winger forms a study group who eventually learn more about themselves than their course work. The study group consists of Pierce  a man whose life experience has brought him infinite wisdom; Britta  a 28-year old drop out with something to prove; Shirley  a sassy middle-aged divorcée; Abed  a pop culture junkie; Annie  a high-strung perfectionist; Troy  a former high school football star and Spanish professor, Senor Chang.
318	Community	Spanish 101	Comedy	8.7	When Senor Chang  assigns a project which requires the class to partner up in pairs of two, Jeff  conspires to become Britta's  partner. Much to Jeff's dismay, his valiant attempt backfires and he ends up with an unwelcome partner. Meanwhile, Shirley  and Annie  help Britta with her latest social justice cause.
318	Community	Introduction to Film	Comedy	8.7	Jeff  signs up for a class, taught by a "Carpe Diem" inspired Professor Whitman, thinking he can coast through and get an easy A. Jeff quickly discovers he'll need to put in much more effort than expected just to pass. Meanwhile, Britta  helps Abed  with his dream of studying film.
318	Community	Social Psychology	Comedy	8.7	Jeff  and Shirley  bond by gossiping about Britta's  new boyfriend.  When Jeff tries to stop and be a good friend to Britta, he discovers that gossip is a difficult monster to escape.   Meanwhile, Annie  joins Professor Duncan's  psychology research team and recruits Troy  and Abed  as test subjects.
318	Community	Advanced Criminal Law	Comedy	8.7	Senor Chang  is on the hunt for a cheater and threatens to fail the entire class if the culprit doesn't come forward.  When someone confesses, Jeff  comes to their defense.  Meanwhile, Annie  recruits Pierce  to write the new school song. 
318	Community	Football, Feminism and You	Comedy	8.7	Jeff  needs to convince Troy  to join the school's football team in order to save his career. Just when he thinks he has Troy convinced, Annie  steps in and throws a wrench in the plan.  Meanwhile, Shirley  teaches Britta  the etiquette of girl talk. 
318	Community	Introduction to Statistics	Comedy	8.7	Jeff  has the hots for his statistics professor and is determined to take her out on a date.  He finds the perfect opportunity to pursue her but it happens to interfere with a Day of the Dead party Annie  is throwing for their Spanish class.  Meanwhile, Pierce  comes to terms with being old. 
318	Community	Home Economics	Comedy	8.7	When the gang finds out Jeff  is living out of his car, they offer their help.  Meanwhile, Annie  helps Troy  plan the perfect date for another girl and Pierce  joins Vaughn's  band. 
318	Community	Debate 109	Comedy	8.7	Professor Whitman  and Dean Pelton  convince Jeff  to join the debate team after Annie's  partner drops out right before the championship debate versus City College. Jeff naturally assumes he has the win in the bag but an obnoxious debater from the opposing team proves him wrong. Meanwhile, Shirley  freaks out when Abed's  films seem to predict the future and Pierce  uses hypnotherapy to help Britta  give up smoking.
318	Community	Environmental Science	Comedy	8.7	When Senor Chang  assigns an absurd amount of homework to his Spanish class the gang nominates Jeff  to talk some sense into him. Jeff begrudgingly agrees and the two strike up an unlikely friendship which backfires when the gang realizes Jeff is receiving perks that they aren't. Meanwhile, Troy  and Abed  run into their own problems when their biology lab subject goes missing.
318	Community	The Politics of Human Sexuality	Comedy	8.7	After a challenge from Britta, Jeff  must find a girl for a double date with Pierce  and his new girlfriend. Meanwhile, Britta and Shirley  help Annie  get an anatomical education for a presentation she must give at a special health fair for the school.
318	Community	Comparative Religion	Comedy	8.7	Shirley  throws a Christmas party for the gang and much to her surprise learns her classmates come from various religious backgrounds. Meanwhile, Jeff  is challenged by the school bully  and faces the reality that he may fail Spanish 101.
318	Community	Investigative Journalism	Comedy	8.7	The gang reunites after winter break and much to their surprise there's a new addition. One of their fellow classmates is eager to join their study group and the gang must decide whether or not this particular individual is worthy. Meanwhile, Jeff  signs on as editor of the Greendale Gazette Journal.
318	Community	Interpretive Dance	Comedy	8.7	The gang discovers that Jeff  has a new girlfriend but he is determined to keep his affair a secret.  Meanwhile, Troy  and Britta  have secrets of their own and decide to share it with their friends.
318	Community	Romantic Expressionism	Comedy	8.7	Jeff and Britta take an interest in Annie's love life when they discover she's interested in Vaughn. Elsewhere, Pierce struggles to fit in during Troy and Abed's movie night.
318	Community	Communication Studies	Comedy	8.7	Jeff  sets out to fix his relationship with Britta  after things get awkward with a drunken phone call.  Meanwhile, Annie  and Shirley  make plans to humiliate Senor Chang  in order to defend Troy  and Pierce's  dignity. 
318	Community	Physical Education	Comedy	8.7	Jeff  is excited to show off his pool skills in his new billiards class, only to have his will tested when shorts, not designer jeans, are the required uniform to play. Meanwhile, the gang focuses on helping Abed  woo a potential mate by bringing out different sides of his personality.
318	Community	Basic Genealogy	Comedy	8.7	It's Family Day at Greendale Community College and the gang's families come to campus to join in the fun.  Meanwhile, Jeff  agrees to help Pierce  connect with his stepdaughter Amber. Things take an interesting twist when Amber shows an interest in Jeff.
318	Community	Beginner Pottery	Comedy	8.7	Jeff  unexpectedly takes interest in his new pottery class when another student shows natural talent. Meanwhile, Pierce  brings Britta, Shirley  and Troy  along for a ride at his boating class.
318	Community	The Science of Illusion	Comedy	8.7	Pierce  is willing to do and wear whatever it takes to reach a new level of ascension in his Buddhist church.  Meanwhile, Britta  secretly tries to shake her reputation as a buzzkill, resulting in a prank gone horribly wrong.  Britta's misguided attempt at levity forces new campus security officers Annie  and Shirley  to investigate the crime.
318	Community	Contemporary American Poultry	Comedy	8.7	Jeff  and Troy  take on the chicken finger shortage that has a gripped Greendale Community College.   Witnessing this show of activism by her fellow students causes Britta  to struggle with the unsatisfactory number of causes she currently supports. 
318	Community	The Art of Discourse	Comedy	8.7	After Pierce  crosses a line with Shirley, the group is forced to choose between the two. Meanwhile, Jeff  and Britta  face off against a group of young bullies, and their mother.  Troy  and Abed  embark on a college bucket list of things they must accomplish before they graduate.
318	Community	Modern Warfare	Comedy	8.7	The sexual tension between Jeff  and Britta  becomes a hot topic among the study group.  Meanwhile, what starts out as a simple contest for a chance at early class registration turns the peaceful campus of Greendale Community College into an all-out war zone.  Friendships are tested, as only one student can be victorious. 
318	Community	English as a Second Language	Comedy	8.7	After the shocking discovery that Senor Chang  does not have a teaching degree, Greendale Community College is forced to bring in a new Spanish teacher.  Meanwhile, Troy  discovers a trade he truly excels in -- plumbing.
318	Community	Pascal's Triangle Revisited	Comedy	8.7	In the first season finale, jealousy runs rampant at Greendale as Britta  and Professor Slater  fight for the affection of Jeff.  Meanwhile, Troy  is confused when his best friend, Abed, doesn't invite him to move into his dorm room.
318	Community	Anthropology 101	Comedy	8.7	As classes resume at Greendale Community College for the fall, the "Community" study group gathers to tackle this year's big class, "Anthropology 101. " Television icon and multiple Emmy Award-winner Betty White  guest stars as the esteemed, but slightly unhinged anthropology professor, June Bauer. Jeff Winger, struggles to establish decorum with Britta  and Annie  amidst the confusion that ensued at the season finale's "Transfer Dance," when Britta professed her love for Jeff and Jeff later shared a secret kiss with Annie. Meanwhile, Senor Chang  decides to enroll as a student at Greendale Community College so that he too, can join the study group.
318	Community	Accounting for Lawyers	Comedy	8.7	 When Jeff Winger  runs into his former law firm colleague Alan Connor, the two re-connect and Jeff finds himself returning to some of his evil ways of late night partying and expensive suits. Alan takes Jeff to a law firm event to see his former boss, Ted, and the study group shows up to "rescue" him. While Annie, Abed  and Troy  sneak into the offices to gather dirt on Alan, Jeff watches in horror as Pierce, Britta  and Shirley  are corrupted by the lawyers.
318	Community	The Psychology of Letting Go	Comedy	8.7	Pierce  deals with the death of his mother and the group comes together to comfort him in his time of need. Professor Duncan  struggles to take over the anthropology class with no training, as Professor Bauer  takes an unexpected leave of absence after her classroom hijinks put Jeff Winger  in the hospital.
318	Community	Basic Rocket Science	Comedy	8.7	Dean Pelton  decides that Greendale Community College must have its own flight simulator and cannot be bested by the competition, "City College," which is planning its own flight simulator. He enlists the study group to clean and refurbish the Greendale Community College simulator. As Jeff, Pierce, Britta, Annie, Shirley  and Troy  wash the tattered simulator down, they end up accidentally launching it - sending everyone on an unexpected journey into "outer space." Abed  is left behind to try and navigate a safe "return" for everyone.
318	Community	Messianic Myths and Ancient Peoples	Comedy	8.7	Shirley  gets inspired to create a religious film and asks Abed  for his creative input only to discover that he wants to make one of his own. Meanwhile, Pierce  comes to terms with being the oldest member of the group and is recruited by another set of students his own age.
318	Community	Epidemiology	Comedy	8.7	Pierce  and a few other Greendale students ingest a biohazard substance at the school Halloween Party, causing them to exhibit flu-like symptoms and begin turning into zombies. It is up to the rest of the gang to save themselves and the school when Dean Pelton  locks them in with the zombie-infected student body.
318	Community	Aerodynamics of Gender	Comedy	8.7	After a classroom smackdown with a group of "mean girls" led by Meghan, Britta, Shirley, and Annie  bond with Abed  by turning him into the ultimate "mean girl." Meanwhile, Jeff  and Troy  embrace a zen-like spirituality under the guidance of a groundskeeper when they come across a secret trampoline on campus. Determined to uncover the source of their new bliss, Pierce  ends up taking a disastrous turn on the trampoline and lands in the hospital.
318	Community	Cooperative Calligraphy	Comedy	8.7	When Annie's  pen goes missing, she suspects a member of her own study group is the thief. On a mission to find the pen and solve the mystery, the group takes a self-imposed lockdown and Jeff  takes the lead in conducting the search. Meanwhile, Troy  and Abed  are itching to get out of the study room to make it to the Greendale Puppy Parade taking place in the quad.
318	Community	Conspiracy Theories and Interior Design	Comedy	8.7	When Dean Pelton  begins checking class schedules, he discovers that Jeff  has listed a class that doesn't exist. Just when it appears Jeff will be caught in a lie, the mysterious "Professor Professorson"  emerges from the shadows to confirm that Jeff has been taking his class, "Conspiracy Theories in U.S. History," at night school. When Jeff later admits to Annie  that he's never seen Professor Professorson in his life, the two decide to find out who the professor really is. Meanwhile, Abed  and Troy  are busy building the most elaborate blanket fort that Greendale Community College has ever seen.
318	Community	Mixology Certification	Comedy	8.7	When the study group convenes to celebrate Troy's  birthday, they realize he is actually turning 21 and decide to hit the bars! While Jeff  and Britta  ingest a few too many cocktails and get silly, Shirley  gets busy pulling down incriminating photos of herself that are posted at the bar. Annie  embraces the identify on her fake ID, while Abed  delves into conversation with a fellow sci-fi nerd. When Senor Chang  finds the fresh remains of a birthday cake in the study room, he vows to find the group.
318	Community	Abed's Uncontrollable Christmas	Comedy	8.7	When Abed  wakes up in stop-motion animation, he takes it as a sign that he and the group must re-discover the meaning of Christmas. Meanwhile, Jeff  and Britta  become growingly concerned about Abed's mental health and enlist the help of Professor Duncan. The group undergoes hypnosis to explore Abed's winter wonderland and soon unravel the truth behind Abed's madness.
318	Community	Asian Population Studies	Comedy	8.7	Annie  returns from spring break to find that her crush "Rich", the Dr., has enrolled at Greendale Community College, sparking a heated debate about whether to add Rich and/or Senor Chang to the study group. Shirley's  ex-husband Andre  is back in the picture and Shirley has some big news for everyone.
318	Community	Celebrity Pharmacology	Comedy	8.7	When Annie  decides to stage a production at a local middle school to spread an important message about staying away from drugs, Pierce  becomes overwhelmed with the excitement of performing and decides he needs a bigger role.  When his over-the-top behavior threatens to ruin the production, Senor Chang  comes to the rescue, earning admiration from the group.
318	Community	Advanced Dungeons & Dragons	Comedy	8.7	 When Jeff  becomes concerned about "Fat Neil,"  a fellow Greendale student who is a bit of a loner, Abed  proposes that they invite him to play a game of Dungeons and Dragons to boost his spirits and his confidence. But when Pierce  discovers that he's been excluded, he forces his way into the game and takes charge, disrupting their delicate plan.
318	Community	Early 21st Century Romanticism	Comedy	8.7	Troy  and Abed  compete for the attentions of the college librarian, while Britta  strives to be progressive and befriends a fellow female student whom she believes is gay. Meanwhile, Jeff  finds himself reluctantly hosting an impromptu party at his apartment when Professor Duncan  invites himself over to watch a soccer match.
318	Community	Intermediate Documentary Filmmaking	Comedy	8.7	Pierce  ends up in the hospital after ingesting mysterious pills and believes he's dying. The study group gathers at his bedside as he imparts his "final" words of wisdom and shares specially chosen gifts - which are secretly meant to torment them. Britta  struggles over what to do with her blank check for "charity," Jeff  contemplates the possibility of meeting his long lost dad and Troy  meets his idol LeVar Burton.
318	Community	Intro to Political Science	Comedy	8.7	As the school prepares for the Vice President's visit, Dean Pelton  organizes the first student elections. Annie, who is determined to win, is pitted in a tough battle against Jeff, Leonard  and Star Burns. Meanwhile, Abed  has noticed the secret service agents casing the school and develops a clandestine friendship with special agent Robin Vohlers.
318	Community	Custody Law and Eastern European Diplomacy	Comedy	8.7	Annie  organizes a baby shower for Shirley, while Shirley plots to keep Senor Chang  out of her life. Meanwhile, Britta  has a mysterious new love interest named Lukka, whose classroom poetry soon reveals a dark past.
318	Community	Critical Film Studies	Comedy	8.7	Capitalizing on Abed's  love of cinema and pop culture, Jeff  plans a very special Pulp Fiction style surprise party for Abed's birthday. The tables turn, however, and while the study group awaits their arrival at a restaurant, Abed stages another dinner with an unsuspecting Jeff at another restaurant.
318	Community	Competitive Wine Tasting	Comedy	8.7	As everyone settles on their spring semester electives, Troy  and Britta  explore the fundamentals of acting, while Abed  tackles an advanced study of 1980s sitcom "Who's The Boss?" with a professor who has written a book on the topic. Meanwhile, Pierce  and Jeff  enjoy a wine tasting class, where Pierce meets "Wu Mei"  a mysterious Chinese woman who sweeps Pierce off his feet. Suspicious, Jeff vows to find out what'd going on with Wu Mei and why she would agree to marry Pierce so quickly.
318	Community	Paradigms of Human Memory	Comedy	8.7	As the study group gathers to assemble their 20th and final Anthropology diorama of the year, they begin reminiscing about their favorite times together  -  including a trip they made to a western ghost town, a last minute glee club performance, the clandestine trysts that Jeff  and Britta  have pulled off and the cornucopia of costumes that Dean Pelton  has managed to wear over the year. Meanwhile, Troy's  pet monkey returns, only to disappear back into the school's ventilation system. On the case, Senor Chang  quickly dives in to retrieve the monkey  -  along with all the loot he has stolen.
318	Community	Applied Anthropology and Culinary Arts	Comedy	8.7	When the Anthropology class assembles for their final exam, Shirley  notices a twinge, which quickly escalates into full-blown labor. As Jeff  and Britta  argue about how best to help, Chang  is anxious to claim this "early" labor as clear evidence that it's a "Chang Baby!" Meanwhile, Greendale is hosting a World Food Festival in the parking lot and a riot ensues - Dean Pelton  is caught in the crossfire.
318	Community	A Fistful of Paintballs (1)	Comedy	8.7	As the Greendale student body enjoys their year-end picnic, Dean Pelton  announces plans for a small, quick, safe game of paintball. As the game heats up, alliances are formed - and broken - and friendships are put to the test. When a mysterious and threatening figure emerges on the Greendale campus, it becomes apparent that this is no ordinary game of paintball.
318	Community	For a Few Paintballs More (2)	Comedy	8.7	As the Greendale year-end paintball extravaganza continues, the game takes a dramatic turn with new intruders arriving on the scene. The study group battles it out on various fronts and despite their arguments over strategy - they are all in agreement that they must unite to defeat the enemy.
318	Community	Biology 101	Comedy	8.7	 As the Greendale study group gathers in the library, they wonder whether they will see their old friend Pierce, who left the study group in a huff after last spring's paintball game. Jeff  quickly butts heads with their new biology teacher Professor Kane  and is kicked out of class - leading to a crisis within the group about whether they will all stay together. Dean Pelton  is feeling empowered after a summer at "Dean Camp" but finds a new nemesis in Vice Dean Laybourne, dean of the highly regarded Air Conditioning Repair Annex at Greendale.
318	Community	Geography of Global Conflict	Comedy	8.7	As Chang  settles into his new job as a campus security officer, Britta  is overwhelmed with feelings of civil disobedience when a friend is taken hostage in a foreign country. Meanwhile, Annie  enlists the study group to help her defeat her new "friend" Annie Kim  in a Model United Nations competition, while Professor Cligoris  struggles to maintain decorum.
318	Community	Competitive Ecology	Comedy	8.7	As the study group sets to work on their first big assignment in biology - a terrarium - they are driven to distraction over how they should pair off to do their project. Elsewhere on campus, Chang  patrols the school grounds looking for signs of trouble and imagines himself in a noir detective mystery.
318	Community	Remedial Chaos Theory	Comedy	8.7	When Troy  and Abed  decide to share an apartment, they host a party for the group, which takes on an altered reality as several scenarios play out.
318	Community	Horror Fiction in Seven Spooky Steps	Comedy	8.7	When Britta  runs anonymous personality tests on everyone for a psychology class, one of the test results seems to indicate that someone in the group is deeply disturbed. At the group's Halloween pre-party, she enlists Jeff  to help draw out the potential sociopath and the two of them lure everyone into telling their favorite horror stories. The results are spookey.
318	Community	Advanced Gay	Comedy	8.7	When Pierce  learns that he and his Hawthorne wipes have become extremely popular, he decides to throw a big party - until his overbearing father, Cornelius Hawthorne  shows up and puts the kibosh on the plans. Meanwhile, Troy  finds himself being courted by Vice Dean Laybourne  and his secretive Air Conditioning Repair Annex, as well as Greendale's resident janitor, Jerry.
318	Community	Studies In Modern Movement	Comedy	8.7	The study group pitches in to help when Annie  decides to move in with Troy  and Abed, but the plan breaks down when she becomes frustrated by their fun-loving lifestyle. Elsewhere, Dean Pelton  discovers Jeff  at the mall and blackmails him into spending a lovely afternoon together.
318	Community	Documentary Filmmaking: Redux	Comedy	8.7	When the school board asks Dean Pelton  to make a new commercial for the school, he enlists the study group to star in his production. As he gets swept away with the project, more of the student body is pulled into the fray, including Magnitude, Fat Neil, Garrett, Leonard, Star-Burns  and even Greendale alum and genuine celebrity, Luis Guzman. Meanwhile, Abed  films all the activities for a documentary.
318	Community	Foosball and Nocturnal Vigilantism	Comedy	8.7	When a group of arrogant students commandeer the foosball table at school, Jeff  and Shirley  unite to defeat them. Meanwhile, Annie  accidentally breaks Abed's  new limited edition "Dark Knight" DVD and claims that someone broke into the apartment and stole it. Things snowball out of control when Abed thinks he knows who took the DVD and sets about getting it back.
318	Community	Regional Holiday Music	Comedy	8.7	When the Greendale Glee Club is unexpectedly sidelined, the school's effervescent choir director Cory Radison  sets about recruiting the study group members to fill in. Skeptical at first, they eventually fall under his hypnotic spell - one-by-one - singing and dancing their way to the annual Christmas Pageant.
318	Community	Urban Matrimony and the Sandwich Arts	Comedy	8.7	Proposes that he and Shirley  remarry and a wedding date is set. Britta  and Annie  get busy planning the wedding and Jeff  prepares to give a wedding speech - while Troy  and Abed  get ready to be "normal" for the occasion. Meanwhile, Pierce  and Shirley pitch a sandwich shop idea to Dean Pelton  for the Greendale cafeteria.
318	Community	Contemporary Impressionists	Comedy	8.7	As the study group returns after winter break, Jeff  reveals that he's been seeing a shrink and he's on anti-anxiety medication. The newfound confidence leads him to experience debilitating levels of narcissism, which Britta  tries to help him manage. Meanwhile, over the break, Abed  developed a celebrity impersonator habit that has saddled him with debt. In order to help Abed shed his debt, the study group dons costumes and goes to work for Vincent  as celebrity impersonators - appearing in character at a Bar Mitzvah celebration.
318	Community	Digital Exploration Of Interior Design (1)	Comedy	8.7	As the new Greendale Subway shop opens in the cafeteria, Shirley, Pierce  and Britta  plot to bring about its early demise. Vice Dean Laybourne  makes another attempt to get Troy  to join the Air Conditioning Repair Annex, while Abed  and Troy find themselves at odds over their competing pillow and blanket forts..
318	Community	Pillows and Blankets (2)	Comedy	8.7	What started as a casual disagreement about blankets and pillows blossoms into all-our war on the Greendale campus. While insults are hurled and the study group chooses sides, Jeff  tries desperately to negotiate a truce, but with neither Abed  nor Troy  budging on their principles or their real estate, the future looks grim for the former best friends..
318	Community	Origins of Vampire Mythology	Comedy	8.7	When Britta's  old flame "Blade"  returns to town with the traveling carnival, she confesses to the group that she needs their help to stay away from him. While Annie, Troy  and Abed  scheme to keep her occupied and away from Blade, Jeff  and Shirley  head to the carnival to get a look at the mystery man. Meanwhile, Dean Laybourne  enlists the help of Dean Pelton  to convince Troy to join the Air Conditioning Repair Annex.
318	Community	Virtual Systems Analysis	Comedy	8.7	When the biology final exam is postponed, Jeff  encourages everyone to join him for a three hour lunch, but Annie  convinces Abed  to let her spend some time with him in the dreamatorium instead. What starts as an innocent simulation of "Inspector Spacetime" becomes a more serious examination of the study group members and Annie learns a little bit about what makes Abed tick.
318	Community	Basic Lupine Urology	Comedy	8.7	When Annie  discovers the study group's yam experiment smashed to smithereens on the science lab floor, the group mobilizes to expose the criminal and save their grade. Once Abed  and Troy  think they have located the perpetrator, the group conducts a "trial," with a reluctant Professor Kane  serving as judge. Jeff  soon realizes, however, that the plot is thicker than anyone suspects.
318	Community	Course Listing Unavailable	Comedy	8.7	As the study group comes to terms with the death of a beloved classmate, Jeff  easily adjusts, while Britta  acts as grief counselor to the rest, employing what she's learned in her psychology class. Meanwhile, Chang  is on a mission to increase his policing powers at the school and when the memorial service disintegrates into a riot, he seizes the opportunity to take more control over campus security.
318	Community	Curriculum Unavailable	Comedy	8.7	Abed  becomes convinced that there is a conspiracy afoot and that Dean Pelton is an imposter. When Abed is apprehended sneaking around on campus, he is required to see a therapist, Dr. Heidi, or risk being sent to jail.
318	Community	Digital Estate Planning	Comedy	8.7	Pierce  is summoned to Hawthorne Enterprises to discuss his inheritance with his deceased father's former right-hand man, Gilbert Lawson. The study group goes with him for moral support and must all pitch in to play the video game of their life on Pierce's behalf - or risk losing his inheritance.
318	Community	The First Chang Dynasty	Comedy	8.7	With Chang  in control of Greendale, the study group develops an elaborate plan to infiltrate the campus without being detected. While Chang becomes distracted planning a big birthday bash for himself, Jeff  and the study group launch their sneak attack. Meanwhile, Troy  enlists the help of the Air Conditioning Repair Annex to help with their break-in plan but knows he may be selling his soul to the devil.
318	Community	Introduction To Finality	Comedy	8.7	When Shirley  and Pierce  have a disagreement over their sandwich shop, Jeff  agrees to argue on Shirley's behalf but much to his chagrin, Pierce retains Jeff's former colleague Alan Connor  and the two must square off in "Greendale Summer Fun Court." Meanwhile, Vice Dean Laybourne  makes one last ditch effort to win Troy  over to his Air Conditioning Repair Annex.
318	Community	History 101	Comedy	8.7	The Study Group returns from summer break ready to tackle their fourth year of Community College. Jeff  is particularly focused on graduating and is just a few credits away. When there is a mix-up with a history class registration, Dean Pelton  institutes an elaborate physical competition for class space. Meanwhile, Britta  helps Abed  deal with the anxiety he is experiencing over the thought of the study group graduating and breaking up.
318	Community	Paranormal Parentage	Comedy	8.7	While on their way to Vicki's  Halloween costume party, the study group makes a detour to Pierce's  mansion when they learn he accidentally locked himself in his panic room. As Pierce languishes behind locked doors, the group searches the dark and eerie house for the book that holds the code to the door. Along the way they encounter a few of the house's secrets.
318	Community	Conventions of Space and Time	Comedy	8.7	In support of Troy  and Abed, the study group heads to InspecTiCon - the annual Inspector Spacetime Convention. Trouble begins when the group meets up with Abed's email "pen-pal," Toby Davies, who's shared passion for Inspector Spacetime comes between Abed and Troy. Meanwhile, Annie  leaves the convention floor to enjoy the luxuries of the hotel while Jeff  relaxes in the bar with Lauren, an Inspector Spacetime fan.
318	Community	Alternative History of the German Invasion	Comedy	8.7	After losing out in registration for "The History of Ice Cream," the study group begins their European History class with Professor Noel Cornwallis. To make matters worse, the group encounters the return of the arrogant German students from last season, which Jeff  and Shirley  faced over the foosball table. Meanwhile, much to Dean Pelton's  dismay, Chang  makes his return to campus.
318	Community	Cooperative Escapism In Familial Relations	Comedy	8.7	The study group heads to Shirley's  for a Bennett-filled thanksgiving, which is so awkward that they immediately begin plotting their escape. Meanwhile, Jeff  heads to his estranged father William's house, whom he hasn't seen since he was a child.
318	Community	Advanced Documentary Filmmaking	Comedy	8.7	As the campus strives to get to the bottom of Chang's  memory loss, Dean Pelton  enlists the group to help secure a grant for further medical research and Abed  films the activities for a documentary. Jeff, however, suspects there is more to Chang's memory loss than meets the eye.
318	Community	Economics of Marine Biology	Comedy	8.7	Dean Pelton  sets his sights on "whale"  and enlists Jeff, Britta  and Annie  to help in his recruiting efforts. Pierce  finds out and is incensed. Meanwhile, Abed  begins a new Greendale fraternity, while Troy  and Shirley  begin a physical education instruction class, in which Shirley excels... and Troy struggles.
318	Community	Herstory of Dance	Comedy	8.7	When Dean Pelton  plans a "Sadie Hawkins" dance at Greendale, Britta  plans a competing "Sophie B. Hawkins" dance in protest - but the joke is on Britta - who has confused Sophie B. Hawkins with Susan B. Anthony.
318	Community	Intro To Felt Surrogacy	Comedy	8.7	The study group takes a wild balloon ride that crash lands in the woods and they end up spending some quality time together with a friendly mountain man.
318	Community	Intro To Knots	Comedy	8.7	Jeff  organizes a lovely holiday gathering at his apartment but Annie  secretly invites Professor Cornwallis, to get in his good graces. When it becomes apparent that Professor Cornwallis intends to give them a bad grade on their joint History paper, the atmosphere quickly deteriorates and the group takes decisive action.
318	Community	Basic Human Anatomy	Comedy	8.7	When Annie  and Shirley  learn that Leonard  is actually holding the spot as the class valedictorian, they join forces to bring him down. Meanwhile, Troy  and Abed  reminisce about one of their favorite body switching films and when they inadvertently re-enact a critical scene, things start becoming a little funky at Greendale.
318	Community	Heroic Origins	Comedy	8.7	Abed, becomes convinced that the study group was destined to meet at Greendale and pieces together everyone's past - revealing that their lives have been intertwined for years. Meanwhile, Chang  plots to destroy Greendale once and for all.
318	Community	Advanced Introduction to Finality	Comedy	8.7	Jeff  achieves enough credits to graduate and contemplates graduation - and beyond. Meanwhile, the study group revisits the "darkest timeline".
318	Community	Repilot	Comedy	8.7	Jeff  returns to Greendale when his former law partner Alan Connor  recruits him to gather evidence for a lawsuit he is pursuing. Dean Pelton  is thrilled to see Jeff back at Greendale. Thinking he is there to help save the school, he quickly calls the study group back together - surprising Jeff with a reunion.
318	Community	Introduction to Teaching	Comedy	8.7	Jeff  settles into a new job at Greendale and adjusts to the expectations of being on staff - Professor Hickey  shows him the ropes and shares some pointers on how to manage unruly and demanding students. Meanwhile, Abed  convinces the study group to take a new class, "Nicolas Cage: Good or Bad," with Professor Garrity.
318	Community	Basic Intergluteal Numismatics	Comedy	8.7	Everyone is up in arms when an anonymous bandit starts dropping coins down people's pants. While Dean Pelton  mobilizes the school to investigate, Jeff  and Annie  pursue their own theories - methodically interrogating staff members. When someone eventually confesses, the school heaves a sigh of relief, but Jeff thinks there is more to the story than meets the eye.
318	Community	Cooperative Polygraphy	Comedy	8.7	After Pierce Hawthorne's  unexpected passing, a team of investigators headed by the no-nonsense Mr. Stone, arrives at Greendale to submit the study group to lie detector tests before they can be considered for distributions under the will. Tensions mount as Mr. Stone digs in with the questions and the group members learn a little more about one another than they wished.
318	Community	Geothermal Escapism	Comedy	8.7	As Troy  prepares to leave Greendale, Abed  organizes an epic going away activity befitting his best friend's departure. What starts out as a fun little game grows into a heated, high-stakes competition destined to make history at Greendale. Joel McHale, Gillian Jacobs, Alison Brie, Yvette Nicole Brown, Jim Rash and Ken Jeong star.
318	Community	Analysis of Cork-Based Networking	Comedy	8.7	It's time for the midterm dance and Annie  sets about getting the Greendale cafeteria ready for the festivities. She and Professor Hickey  team to navigate Greendale's custodial corridors of power and must negotiate with Bob Waite, the politically savvy Greendale head custodian, and his right-hand man Lapari. They must also contend with Debra Chambers, Greendale's head of I.T. and Waldron, Greendale's head of parking, in what becomes an increasingly complex hierarchy of staff.
318	Community	Bondage and Beta Male Sexuality	Comedy	8.7	Professor Duncan  decides it's time to seduce Britta  and Jeff  counsels him on how to close the deal. Meanwhile, Britta runs into some old friends and realizes that they have moved on from their shared anarchist views of the past. Abed  runs afoul of Professor Hickey  when he accidentally damages some drawings Hickey has been laboring over. When Hickey restrains Abed as punishment, the two wind up spending some meaningful time together. Meanwhile, Chang  finds himself performing an impromptu one-man show for a ghostly audience.
318	Community	App Development and Condiments	Comedy	8.7	Dean Pelton  invites two designers to Greendale to beta test their new social networking Application. What starts as a fun social interaction of ranking classmates turns into an all-out class war as Greendale students compete for the highest score. Jeff  and Shirley  battle for supremacy, while Britta  rails against the very concept. Meanwhile, Professor Hickey  goes underground - literally - until the whole thing blows over.
318	Community	VCR Maintenance and Educational Publishing	Comedy	8.7	When Jeff, Shirley  and Professor Hickey  happen upon a hidden cache of textbooks, the discovery leads to some interesting power shifts as the group struggles with how to monetize their windfall. Meanwhile, Abed  and Annie  decide it's time for a new roommate. Abed wants his friend Rachel  to move in, while Annie wants her brother to move in. When they decide to play an old VCR game to determine the winner, things get a little intense.
318	Community	Advanced Advanced Dungeons & Dragons	Comedy	8.7	Professor Hickey  reveals that his estranged son Hank  did not invite him to his grandson's birthday. The group decides to help father and son reunite through a rousing game of "Dungeons and Dragons."
318	Community	G.I. Jeff	Comedy	8.7	The study group gets animated in the vein of the 1980's 'G.I. Joe'.
318	Community	Basic Story	Comedy	8.7	As Subway makes plans to purchase the Greendale campus for their own Subway University, the study group members contemplate the end of an era. Jeff  considers a generous offer of employment he has received from Subway, while Britta  considers an offer she has received from Jeff. Meanwhile, Dean Pelton  tells Annie  and Abed  about Greendale's first Dean Russell Borchert, which leads to an interesting and potentially lucrative discovery in the walls of Greendale.
318	Community	Basic Sandwich	Comedy	8.7	The group learns the history of Greendale's first Dean, Russell Borchert, a reclusive, wealthy genius who disappeared amid a personal scandal in the 1970s. Once Shirley  and Hickey  locate the school's blueprints, Annie  and Abed  lead the search for Borchert's old computer lab, which was sealed off years ago. Subway returns to Greendale with plans to take over the campus for a Subway University and they enlist Chang  to secretly keep tabs on the study group. Meanwhile, Jeff  and Britta  make a grown-up decision about their futures.
318	Community	Ladders	Comedy	8.7	In the Season 6 premiere, a roof collapses under the weight of four decades of errant Frisbees, and Francesca "Frankie" Dart takes over as CFO of Greendale with a plan of fiscal responsibility that includes canceling seemingly pointless classes. Meanwhile, Britta, Annie, Jeff and Abed turn a floundering Shirley's Sandwiches into a speakeasy after Frankie bans alcohol on campus.
318	Community	Lawnmower Maintenance and Postnatal Care	Comedy	8.7	The Dean's purchase of a virtual-reality system could bankrupt the school, so Jeff must find the device's creator to save Greendale. Meanwhile, Britta moves in with Annie and Abed, but learns her parents have been paying her debts; and Chang is bitten by a cat.
318	Community	Basic Crisis Room Decorum	Comedy	8.7	A claim that a dog graduated from Greendale could damage the school's reputation, so Abed goes after the animal with an attack ad. Meanwhile, Britta and Elroy bond over a band; and Chang dabbles in pornography.
318	Community	Queer Studies & Advanced Waxing	Comedy	8.7	The school board invites the Dean to become a member as long as he promotes his "homosexuality." Chang auditions for "The Karate Kid," with Annie's help, and endures abusive treatment from the director. Abed tries to save baby birds nesting on the Greendale internet router with the help of Elroy.
318	Community	Laws of Robotics & Party Rights	Comedy	8.7	Jeff (Joel McHale) squares off against a charming prison inmate Willy (Guest Star Brian Van Holt ) who's attending Greendale via telerobot. Britta (Gillian Jacobs) enlists Abed (Danny Pudi) to get around Annie's (Alison Brie) rules against parties in their apartment. Jim
318	Community	Basic Email Security	Comedy	8.7	A malicious hacker threatens to publicize everyone's personal emails unless Greendale cancels a racist comic's performance.
318	Community	Advanced Safety Features	Comedy	8.7	A former boyfriend lures Britta into joining Honda's guerilla marketing campaign. Jeff looks to get Elroy to like him.
318	Community	Modern Espionage	Comedy	8.7	A secret paintball game could ruin Frankie's initiative to clean up Greendale.
318	Community	Wedding Videography	Comedy	8.7	Abed films a wedding when Garrett gets married to a classmate to whom he shares a surprising connection.
318	Community	Emotional Consequences of Broadcast Television	Comedy	8.7	In the Season 6 finale, Abed asks the members of the group to imagine a plot for a TV show's seventh season.
319	Cougar Town	Cougar Town	Comedy	7.7	Courteney Cox stars as Jules Cobb, a mom in her forties facing the often humorous challenges, pitfalls and rewards of life's next chapter. Along for the journey is her son, her ex-husband, her husband/neighbor and her friends who together make up her dysfunctional, but supportive and caring extended family... even if they have a funny way of showing it sometimes.
319	Cougar Town	Pilot	Comedy	7.7	Courteney Cox stars as Jules, a recently divorced single mother exploring the honest truths about dating and aging in our beauty and youth obsessed culture.
319	Cougar Town	Into the Great Wide Open	Comedy	7.7	Against the advice of her best friend, Ellie, Jules tries to keep up with the hard partying twentysomethings and makes a complete fool of herself in the process.
319	Cougar Town	Don't Do Me Like That	Comedy	7.7	Jules' family and friends impede on her all-important tenth date with new boyfriend Josh, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 7  on the ABC Television Network. When putting the needs of others before her own results in a disastrous experience in bed with her new boyfriend, friends Ellie and Laurie help Jules to realize it's ok to be a little selfish and take care of yourself once in awhile. Meanwhile Bobby is left to behave like a responsible dad and deal with son Travis.
319	Cougar Town	I Won't Back Down	Comedy	7.7	When Jules inadvertently tells Grayson he's hot and he doesn't reciprocate, she's on a mission to get him to admit she's sexy.
319	Cougar Town	You Wreck Me	Comedy	7.7	Jules rues the day when her ex-husband, Bobby, and Grayson become fast friends over a mercy golf lesson that she organized to help boost Bobby's self esteem. Meanwhile, Laurie surprises even herself when she takes on a new client to prove her worth to Jules.
319	Cougar Town	A Woman in Love (It's Not Me)	Comedy	7.7	When Josh tells Jules he's in love with her, she knows the time has come to break things off with him.
319	Cougar Town	Don't Come Around Here No More	Comedy	7.7	Jules always seems to be with her friends, her ex or her son.   One night when everyone is busy, she reluctantly takes a date with an older man just to get out of the house, so Grayson makes her a wager that she can't spend a whole day by herself.
319	Cougar Town	Two Gunslingers	Comedy	7.7	Upset that her two best friends don't get along but determined to have a fun birthday nonetheless, Jules convinces Ellie and Laurie to go on a wild birthday weekend away, which they do, begrudgingly. But Jules has a chance encounter with her nemesis and her rather flirtatious husband.
319	Cougar Town	Here Comes My Girl	Comedy	7.7	Jules' intimate Thanksgiving turns into a larger gathering just as she'd hoped.
319	Cougar Town	Mystery Man	Comedy	7.7	Very wealthy potential home buyer, guest starring Scott Foley as Jeff, feigns interest in an overpriced home in order to get Jules' attention.  Meanwhile, Ellie begrudgingly leaves the baby with Andy for a day to prove to herself that she trusts her husband.
319	Cougar Town	Rhino Skin	Comedy	7.7	Despite fearing the meanest and most unrelenting dermatologist in town, Dr. Amy Evans, Jules and Ellie are willing to endure the harsh ridicule and wrath for an appointment with the best in the business. But when Jules learns Dr. Evans is seeing Bobby, she's determined to stand up to her and protect him. Meanwhile, Travis gets a job working for Barb that turns out to be more than he bargained for.
319	Cougar Town	Scare Easy	Comedy	7.7	Jules freaks out when things when things heat up with her boyfriend, while Laurie seeks diversion sex with an unsuspecting friend and Andy spills the beans about his big secret.
319	Cougar Town	Stop Dragging My Heart Around	Comedy	7.7	In the aftermath of her breakup with Jeff, Jules turns to Bobby for some solace.
319	Cougar Town	All the Wrong Reasons	Comedy	7.7	Hot tennis instructor gets between Ellie and Jules, Laurie turns to Travis to be her conscience, and Andy and Grayson try to comfort Bobby who is nursing a fresh heartbreak over his ex-wife.
319	Cougar Town	When a Kid Goes Bad	Comedy	7.7	Jules looks to avoid spending Valentine's Day alone.
319	Cougar Town	What Are You Doin' in My Life?	Comedy	7.7	Laurie needs a co-signer to buy her first condo and finds her less than stellar, absentee mother  no help at all. Meanwhile, Bobby is mugged by a woman and Travis comes to Barb's aid after her latest cosmetic surgery procedure.
319	Cougar Town	Counting on You	Comedy	7.7	Jules is determined to prove to Grayson that women and men can be friends without any sexual undertones.
319	Cougar Town	Turn This Car Around	Comedy	7.7	In her first of three episodes, Crow guest stars as Sara, a confident wine rep who sets her sights on Grayson; but is he strong enough to be her man? Meanwhile, when Ellie tells Jules she can't change past a certain age, Jules is determined to prove her wrong by giving up wine - for a month; and Bobby's new dog poses some unwanted competition for Andy.
319	Cougar Town	Everything Man	Comedy	7.7	Grayson introduces girlfriend Sara to Jules and company.
319	Cougar Town	Wake Up Time	Comedy	7.7	Jules is thrilled for the chance to take care of Travis after his first big break-up.
319	Cougar Town	Letting You Go	Comedy	7.7	Jules has mixed feelings when Travis gets accepted to two of his choice colleges.
319	Cougar Town	Feel a Whole Lot Better	Comedy	7.7	Jules and Grayson consider the notion of FWB, friends with benefits. Meanwhile Andy hires a nanny for Ellie, and Travis benefits from Bobby's unconventional plans to make some extra cash.
319	Cougar Town	Breakdown	Comedy	7.7	Jules encourages Travis to submit a graduation speech.
319	Cougar Town	Finding Out	Comedy	7.7	Jules and Grayson hatch an elaborate plan to break the news to Bobby that they're officially dating, and Travis sees the wrath of a truly angry woman for the first time when he forgets his momentous seven-month anniversary with Kylie.
319	Cougar Town	All Mixed Up	Comedy	7.7	Jules finds an instant connection with her new shrink, Glenn, until she discovers the unfortunate but hilarious truth about her method of treatment; Ellie is jealous over Jules' fondness for Glenn; a bet between Laurie and Travis leads to a sweet sibling-like moment; and Bobby acts out his frustrations that Jules and Grayson are dating.
319	Cougar Town	Let Yourself Go	Comedy	7.7	Jules has trouble coping when Travis gets set to leave for college, Laurie teaches Bobby how to use the internet on his "new" laptop, and Andy hatches an elaborate plan to deceive Ellie with the help of Grayson.
319	Cougar Town	Makin' Some Noise	Comedy	7.7	As Jules adjusts to living on her own, Grayson unwillingly becomes the new object of her constant attention; Travis turns to Bobby for advice on how to redefine himself at college; and Ellie is determined not to be friends with her new nanny.
319	Cougar Town	The Damage You've Done	Comedy	7.7	Grayson decides it's time to tell Jules the truth about Laurie and himself.
319	Cougar Town	Keeping Me Alive	Comedy	7.7	Bobby decides it's time for him to stop relying on Jules' financial help, but when she discovers what he's given up, she comes up with a plan to continue supporting him; Ellie thinks she's the smartest member of the cul-de-sac crew, but the gang is determined to prove her wrong; and Laurie and Smith break up on.
319	Cougar Town	You Don't Know How It Feels	Comedy	7.7	Jules is determined to connect with her dad -- so much so that she gives in to dressing up for Halloween, his favorite holiday. Meanwhile, Grayson hits it off with Jules' dad, Bobby wants back in as baby Stan's guardian, should anything happen to Ellie and Andy, and Laurie reminds Travis how much fun Halloween is.
319	Cougar Town	Fooled Again (I Don't Like It)	Comedy	7.7	It's Jules 42nd birthday, and that can only mean one thing -- gift contest! Every year, Jules holds a contest to determine who gives her the best gifts, which Ellie always wins. This year Laurie teams up with Grayson in an attempt to overthrow Ellie. As Jules contemplates what to do for her birthday, Andy suggests a night of dancing. Meanwhile, Travis introduces Bobby to a Netti Pot, but not without consequences.
319	Cougar Town	Little Girl Blues	Comedy	7.7	Travis brings home his new girlfriend, Kirsten, a grad-student, to meet Jules.
319	Cougar Town	When the Time Comes	Comedy	7.7	Jules says "I love you" to Grayson for the first time.
319	Cougar Town	The Same Old You	Comedy	7.7	Jules wants to help Bobby gain his confidence back and thinks fixing up his boat and getting it back in the water will do the trick.
319	Cougar Town	No Reason to Cry	Comedy	7.7	Meanwhile, Travis' new girlfriend throws Bobby off his golf game, and Ellie gets upset with Andy when he uses their joke on Laurie.
319	Cougar Town	A Thing About You	Comedy	7.7	While the guys argue that men are loyal friends and women will abandon their pals at the drop of a hat, one thing is certain -- everyone has each other's backs in the cul-de-sac crew.
319	Cougar Town	Lost Children	Comedy	7.7	When Travis can't fix the TV in time for movie night, Jules invents a new hide and seek type of game for the cul-de-sac crew. Meanwhile, Ellie complains that they always have to do what Jules wants to do, Andy is angry at Grayson for talking smack, and the gang meets Bobby's new friend.
319	Cougar Town	Cry to Me	Comedy	7.7	It's Valentine's Day and Jules wants nothing more than for Grayson to open up to her about his feelings.
319	Cougar Town	Walls	Comedy	7.7	Ellie decides to step in and tell Jules it's time to stop being so clingy. Meanwhile, Bobby and Laurie partner up to bring Penny Can to the masses and Andy teaches Grayson a lesson in friendship.
319	Cougar Town	Baby's a Rock 'N' Roller	Comedy	7.7	Jules and Ellie differ on whether it's more difficult to raise a baby in your 40s than in your 20s.
319	Cougar Town	You're Gonna Get It	Comedy	7.7	When Bobby leaves his lucky golf visor behind on the eve of his big professional golf tournament, Jules sends Travis along with the cap to look after his dad and Andy.
319	Cougar Town	Lonesome Sundown	Comedy	7.7	Although she realizes Travis could be making one of the biggest decisions in his life, Jules takes a step back.
319	Cougar Town	Damaged by Love	Comedy	7.7	When Travis suffers his first truly broken heart, Jules and Bobby are at a loss as to how to help him.
319	Cougar Town	Free Fallin'	Comedy	7.7	As Travis continues on a downward spiral from his breakup with Kirsten, Jules decides it's time to give him some tough love.
319	Cougar Town	Something Good Coming (1)	Comedy	7.7	When Travis abruptly moves to Hawaii, the gang go after him and decide to spend their vacation there too. As Jules struggles with Travis' choice, Grayson tells her he's keen on having kids.
319	Cougar Town	Something Good Coming (2)	Comedy	7.7	Bobby acts as Ellie and Andy's vacation surrogate, and Laurie hatches a plan to lure Travis back home.
319	Cougar Town	Ain't Love Strange	Comedy	7.7	Jules is miffed when Grayson  calls her "predictable"; Ellie frets that little Stan is turning into a "devil child," or even worse, could grow up to be like Laurie; and Travis likes his new off campus housing, until Bobby tries to convince him to take dog Travis in.
319	Cougar Town	A Mind With A Heart Of Its Own	Comedy	7.7	Jules ends up asking both Ellie and Laurie to be her "co-maids" of honor because she can't stand to hurt anyone's feelings; and Grayson tries to ask Chick  for Jules' hand in marriage formally, but Chick decides to have a little fun in the process.
319	Cougar Town	Lover's Touch	Comedy	7.7	There is no time for romance when you're planning a wedding, and Jules is in full "AWATT" mode, until Travis is in an accident and rushed to the hospital. Meanwhile Grayson is feeling neglected by Jules, so the guys try to cheer him up by inventing a new game called "D-Ball," and things get dangerous when Laurie and Ellie want to play.
319	Cougar Town	Full Moon Fever	Comedy	7.7	One look is all it takes for Bobby to fall for Travis' photography professor, but Travis refuses to introduce them; Laurie falls for a guy she's never met when she begins a romance, via twitter, with a soldier in Iraq; and Jules and Andy prepare to go to war against an unruly gang of kids on bikes who are terrorizing the cul-de-sac.
319	Cougar Town	A One Story Town	Comedy	7.7	Jules and the gang decide Bobby needs some help romancing Angie  so they launch "operation kiss-the-girl." Meanwhile, other former "Scrubs" cast turn up, as Ted  and the Peons pass through on their way to audition at Disney World.
319	Cougar Town	Something Big	Comedy	7.7	Just as Jules is trying to work through Grayson's "baggage" from his wild single days, a chance encounter with a former fling, Holly, ends with him learning that he's the father of a one-year-old baby girl he never knew he had.
319	Cougar Town	You Can Still Change Your Mind	Comedy	7.7	Travis wants to take Jules and Grayson's wedding pictures, but Jules, who wants everything to be perfect for her second wedding, isn't so sure; meanwhile Bobby wants to get serious with Angie, but does she feel the same way?.
319	Cougar Town	Ways to Be Wicked	Comedy	7.7	No one believes Ellie when she tries to convince them that her seemingly lovely mom, Betsy, is actually a sociopath; Grayson decides to help Laurie with her dream of opening a cake business, but her reaction isn't what he expected; and Bobby and Chick  help Travis and his buddies in their plan to steal the campus cougar statue.
319	Cougar Town	Money Becomes King	Comedy	7.7	Jules and Grayson can't see eye to eye when it comes to joining their finances, but they're both going to have to make some sacrifices if they actually want to get married -- and that is not going to be easy. Meanwhile, Laurie's Krazy Kakes business is doing surprisingly well, and Travis convinces her to make some grown up decisions of her own.
319	Cougar Town	Southern Accents	Comedy	7.7	Jules has a hard time accepting that Holly  is part of her life, a situation that does not improve after she finds out that Holly and Travis made out; Andy wants to run for mayor so he can change the town rules against weddings on the beach, but Ellie won't let him; and Laurie tries to convince Bobby he's just socially inept, not prejudiced, after he blurts out some awkward comments at the cake shop.
319	Cougar Town	Down South	Comedy	7.7	Hurricane blows into town, so that means it's time for a hurricane party at Jules' house. But there's more than one storm brewing, as Travis wants to make a play for Laurie, now that she's broken up her Skype romance with soldier Wade, and Jules is determined to keep them apart.
319	Cougar Town	Square One	Comedy	7.7	Grayson moves in with Jules after the hurricane damages his house, but the sudden togetherness makes them wonder if they're going to make the same mistakes in their upcoming marriage that they made in their past relationships. Meanwhile, Ellie and Laurie bicker about which of them is the sexiest, dragging Travis into the argument, and Jules and Bobby dare each other to a "white shirt challenge" -  to see who can wear the same while shirt longer without spilling something on it.
319	Cougar Town	It'll All Work Out	Comedy	7.7	When Jules realizes that the cul-de-sac crew didn't celebrate Thanksgiving together, she decides to celebrate the holiday, even though it's spring. But the family spirit is shattered, in more ways than one, when Little Stan gets his hands on Big Carl and Jules questions Ellie's parenting skills. Meanwhile, Travis struggles to write Jules' wedding vows and asks Bobby and Laurie for help, and Grayson helps a nervous Andy practice for the annual pizza toss for candidates running for mayor.
319	Cougar Town	My Life	Comedy	7.7	When Grayson complains that he's living the movie "Groundhog Day" because the gang shows up at the same time every day at Jules' house, Jules asks for a "Groundhog Day"-themed bachelorette party so that Ellie and Laurie can explain the movie to her.
319	Cougar Town	Your World	Comedy	7.7	Fed up with the lack of privacy, Grayson convinces Jules to elope to Napa... but the cul de sac crew happily tags along.
319	Cougar Town	Blue Sunday	Comedy	7.7	It's the first week of marriage for Grayson and Jules, but when Grayson doesn't know the rules, he soon becomes Jules' "coffee and wine bitch." After Travis' 21st birthday, Bobby tries to make up for lost time by teaching him lessons about being a man. And Ellie and Laurie try to pull Jules out of her depression when Grayson refuses to apologize for what he did in her dream.
319	Cougar Town	I Need to Know	Comedy	7.7	Jules releases Travis from mandatory family night, but when he stays away too long, she becomes crazed. Ellie discovers she can get Andy to do anything she wants by training him like a dog. And the guys grow mustaches to look cool like Tom Selleck.
319	Cougar Town	Between Two Worlds	Comedy	7.7	Jules begins to worry that her marriage to Grayson lacks passion. But when she enlists Ellie to start a verbal firestorm, things quickly get too heated. Laurie helps Travis find his superpower. And Bobby tries to shake things up by taking on a 'cooler' persona.
319	Cougar Town	I Should Have Known It	Comedy	7.7	When Tom gets a new girlfriend, the girls decide to investigate. Bobby goes on a fake date with Ellie to improve his table manners. And after getting fed up with the girls' rules, Andy and Grayson rebel.
319	Cougar Town	Runnin' Down a Dream	Comedy	7.7	Jules decides that her heart is no longer in the real estate business. Meanwhile, Bobby discovers his dream job selling premade burgers from a truck. Unfortunately Bobby's Burger Truck proves the perfect opportunity for Ellie to be rude to strangers.
319	Cougar Town	Restless	Comedy	7.7	Jules has trouble sleeping, and it seems like nothing can help her relax. Grayson's face gets mangled in a roller hockey game. And Ellie goes into hiding after Andy decides to redeem his stash of sex coupons on Valentine's Day.
319	Cougar Town	Flirting with Time	Comedy	7.7	When buyers show interest in Grayson's house, the crew is quick to judge their potential new neighbors. They also become nostalgic about when redneck Bobby and Jules first moved into the neighborhood. Meanwhile, Wade returns home from Afghanistan early, but Laurie's initial excitement quickly turns to fear when he becomes too clingy.
319	Cougar Town	You and I Will Meet Again	Comedy	7.7	Jules and Grayson have a naked day that turns out to be anything but sexy. Laurie and Wade decide to move in together, but breaking the news to Travis doesn't go as planned. And Tom becomes Jules' personal cheerleader after losing his "new guy" status.
319	Cougar Town	Make It Better	Comedy	7.7	Jules' dad, Chick, spends some time at her house while recovering from an injury. During his stay, Jules experiences extreme stomach pain, but she's too stubborn to let her dad know. And Bobby and Grayson attempt to teach Travis how to be a "playa."
319	Cougar Town	You Tell Me	Comedy	7.7	Confused by her mixed feelings for Travis, Laurie resorts to destroying things. But when her anger gets out of control, newly appointed mayor Andy has to step in. Jules starts hanging out with her therapist after discovering that her friends have been keeping secrets. And Bobby has a fling with the girl of his dreams while enjoying a vacation at a retail store.
319	Cougar Town	Saving Grace	Comedy	7.7	Travis and Andy take a backseat to Bobby's new tomboy friend, Riggs. Grayson sparks a religious debate when he sighs during Jules' family prayer. And the Cul-De-Sac Crew form a dodgeball league, but Andy's attention toward another girl leads to a brawl with a group of pre-teens.
319	Cougar Town	This Old Town	Comedy	7.7	An elderly couple, Anne and Norman McCormack, buy Grayson's old house after Jules promises them that they will all spend time together. Forced to hang out with the McCormacks, Ellie, Jules and Grayson soon discover that there are many perks to being old. Meanwhile, when another one of Bobby's get-rich-quick schemes doesn't pan out, he tries to switch up his luck by renaming his boat. And Travis searches for the perfect partner to win a high-stakes penny can game.
319	Cougar Town	The Criminal Kind	Comedy	7.7	Inspired by The Breakfast Club, the Cul-De-Sac Crew offers insight into their innermost thoughts through voice-overs. Grayson is crushed after discovering some harsh reviews on Yelp. And Jules goes to extremes to prove she's not a goody-two-shoes, ultimately landing herself in grocery store jail.
319	Cougar Town	Don't Fade on Me	Comedy	7.7	Chick comes to housesit while the gang goes on vacation. But when Jules discovers that her father hasn't been to the doctor in years, she insists on taking him. Laurie and Travis go on their first date as boyfriend and girlfriend. And Bobby is crushed to discover that Dog Travis is just using him for food.
319	Cougar Town	Have Love Will Travel	Comedy	7.7	After discovering that Chick has health issues, the gang decides to take him to Hollywood. Once there, they'll stop at nothing to arrange for him to spend an evening with one his favorite stars, Tippi Hedren. Meanwhile, Laurie and Travis try carefully to set up the perfect first kiss. And Andy is upset to discover that no one recognizes him as Latino.
319	Cougar Town	All or Nothin'	Comedy	7.7	The Cul de Sac Crew feels weird about Laurie and Travis dating, but Jules is determined to play it cool. Bobby and Andy make it big when Penny Can goes global. But when Bobby starts throwing around money, Grayson confronts him about years of unpaid bar tabs. Meanwhile, Andy struggles to get Stan to sleep after a slasher movie.
319	Cougar Town	Like a Diamond	Comedy	7.7	After letting her car insurance lapse, Jules winds up in a car accident with an attractive man named Sam. When Jules notices that her wedding ring has fallen off during the fender bender she cannot resist accepting Sam's offer to take her on a date. Meanwhile, Bobby takes steps to prepare for a major snowstorm. But with only a 10% chance of snow, the weather has Travis concerned that his dad will be disappointed.
319	Cougar Town	Depending On You	Comedy	7.7	Jules and Grayson receive a wedding invitation from a couple they barely know and on a date that conflicts with Grayson's roller-hockey finals. Despite Grayson's important plans, Jules simply cannot say no. Meanwhile, Bobby finds out that Dog Travis has puppies, and the crew discovers that Tom has created a model of the neighborhood with eerily lifelike dolls of everyone.
319	Cougar Town	The Trip to Pirate's Cove	Comedy	7.7	The town of Gulf Haven is transformed into a pirate's cove for Buccaneer Week. Determined to step up his mayoral duties, Andy pleads with Ellie to appeal to tourists by bringing out her alter ego, Charming Ellie. Enamored by this new, lovable version of her best friend, Jules cannot get enough of "Chellie." Meanwhile, Laurie starts baking "naughty cakes" to increase sales.
319	Cougar Town	Hard on Me	Comedy	7.7	Andy organizes a Gulf Haven 5k in an effort to save his reputation as Mayor after an embarrassing article comes out in the local paper. Jules uses the race to help her dad, Chick, get out of the house and relive his coaching days. But the crew struggles to get through his intense workouts. Meanwhile, Grayson fulfills his dream of being cast in a commercial; however, he's in for a big surprise when he receives his role.
319	Cougar Town	Learning to Fly	Comedy	7.7	Laurie teaches Jules the rules of karma after Jules lies to customers at the annual cul-de-sac yard sale. Andy uses some of his new yard sale purchases to test Ellie after they make a bet that she can't refrain from being snarky for one day. Meanwhile, Bobby must overcome his fear of rollercoasters to fulfill his grandfather's dying wish.
319	Cougar Town	Time to Move On	Comedy	7.7	With Travis graduating college in a few months, Jules starts to worry about his job prospects with an art degree. Laurie and Ellie pose as a couple in a desperate effort to get Stan into a fancy new school. Meanwhile, Andy insists on making a cat video with the guys for Bro-day.
319	Cougar Town	Mystery of Love	Comedy	7.7	After Travis and Laurie have Jules and Grayson over for a sophisticated brunch, Jules attempts to prove that she and Grayson are the better couple. Andy plans a beach day for Stan so he will be considered a fun dad. Meanwhile, Tom helps Ellie finish a teen novel she started writing years ago.
319	Cougar Town	Too Much Ain't Enough	Comedy	7.7	After Jules receives a large commission check, she enlists Andy to be her business partner in a get-rich-quick scheme. Meanwhile, Grayson tries to seem cool to Travis's new hipster friends, and Bobby struggles to feel comfortable with his new bag.
319	Cougar Town	Too Good to be True	Comedy	7.7	Travis starts an open mic night at Coffee Bucks, but things go awry when Andy tries to do stand-up comedy. Tom's daughter, Haylee, comes to visit, and Grayson and Jules decide to play along when they discover that Tom's been lying to Haylee in order to make himself sound cool.
319	Cougar Town	Refugee	Comedy	7.7	When Bobby's boat goes missing, Jules and Bobby step into their old crime fighting personas, "Blacktop" and "Gumshoe", in order to solve the mystery. Meanwhile, Grayson helps Andy win over his new supervisor by teaching him "the neg," and Laurie and Travis attempt to decorate her apartment together.
319	Cougar Town	Love Is a Long Road	Comedy	7.7	As Chick deals with the fallout from his first Alzheimers symptoms, Jules convinces him to look at houses nearby. Without meaning to, Grayson introduces the idea of Chick moving in with them, a suggestion he quickly regrets. All the while, the Cul de Sac Crew excitedly prepares for Travis's college graduation which kicks off, among other things, a rivalry between Ellie and Laurie for who is #1 on Jules' most-important-friend list.
319	Cougar Town	We Stand a Chance	Comedy	7.7	After winning Cul de Sac Crew Trivia, Tom gets to pick the location of the next group vacation. The gang is less than thrilled, however, when Tom opts for a stay-cation. Meanwhile, Jules fakes being healthy at her annual physical exam and gets some shocking results. And Bobby accidentally signs Grayson and himself up for a breakdancing competition.
319	Cougar Town	American Dream Plan B	Comedy	7.7	Jules agrees to stop drinking wine during Laurie's pregnancy, but the rest of the gang doesn't agree, so Tom opens up his garage as a speakeasy. Meanwhile, Grayson prepares Travis for fatherhood with the help of a baby pig.
319	Cougar Town	Full Grown Boy	Comedy	7.7	Jules is overprotective when Chick wants to go to his Civil War reenactment. Bobby considers a job opportunity in another state. Travis hates Laurie's choices for baby names and needs Ellie to destroy them.
319	Cougar Town	To Find a Friend	Comedy	7.7	When Grayson helps Andy with his tryouts for a new best friend, Jules and Ellie step in to run the bar. But they soon find it's harder than they thought. And Travis and Laurie spend their first weekend alone with Baby Bobby.
319	Cougar Town	Waiting for Tonight	Comedy	7.7	Grayson makes a reservation at the hottest restaurant in town, and he and Jules are determined to make it despite constant obstacles. Andy rents a special costume for Stan's birthday, but he has trouble getting it off. And Ellie starts ghost tweeting for Laurie, eventually getting lost in her new character.
319	Cougar Town	Even The Losers	Comedy	7.7	Jules sees that Travis is struggling financially, so she lends him money that he uses to start a new business. Ellie takes Andy on a revenge mission after he loses his mayorship. And Grayson fills in as a music teacher at Stan's school.
319	Cougar Town	The Wrong Thing To Do	Comedy	7.7	Seeing that Andy is unprepared for his upcoming job interviews, Jules agrees to coach him through it. Ellie needs a place to escape since Andy is home all the time, so she goes to Bobby's boat, only to find that Grayson beat her to it. Meanwhile, Travis and Laurie encourage Tom to date... with disastrous results.
319	Cougar Town	The Wild One, Forever	Comedy	7.7	After a hurricane floods the gym of a local high school, Jules volunteers Gray's Pub as a venue for their prom, with the gang ready to serve as chaperones. Jules and Laurie try to have an amazing night, but Laurie isn't feeling it. Andy and Ellie try to stop a gang of bullies. And Travis and Grayson help their high school counterparts win a girl.
319	Cougar Town	This One's For Me	Comedy	7.7	When Jules finds a bag of unusual items Grayson's been hiding, she goes on a mission to learn his secret. Andy talks Travis into using a baby gift for himself and Ellie can't stand that Laurie is treating Baby Bobby like and accessory.
319	Cougar Town	Two Men Talking	Comedy	7.7	Fearing that her dad, Chick, is lonely, Jules tries to set him up with Grayson as a best friend. Laurie helps Andy fit in with a cool mom group and Travis and Ellie open up to each other in the Winebulance.
319	Cougar Town	Yer So Bad	Comedy	7.7	Jules invites Chick and his new girlfriend to a dinner party, but her guests aren't exactly who she expected. Travis and Laurie stake out a cupcake thief, and Andy and Ellie try to figure out who Tom's celebrity patient is.
319	Cougar Town	Climb That Hill	Comedy	7.7	In the 100th episode, the gang takes on new personal challenges: Jules tries to read a book for the first time, Grayson tries to listen to his friends and remember what they have to say, and Andy tries to keep his hand out of a place it doesn't belong.
319	Cougar Town	A Two Story Town	Comedy	7.7	The entire gang pitches in when Tom reveals he has a crush on a woman. As Jules runs mission control, Grayson tries to keep Tom from saying something weird, Andy buys them movie tickets, Laurie and Travis set up a heroic moment for him, and Ellie and Chick mock the whole proceedings - all with disastrous results.
319	Cougar Town	Mary Jane's Last Dance	Comedy	7.7	Grayson is determined to prevent Jules from running her birthday, but it will it be possible when everyone has major changes in their lives?
320	The Fall	The Fall	Drama	8.3	This gripping psychological thriller forensically examines the lives of two hunters; one a serial killer that stalks his victims at random, and the other a high-powered detective superintendent brought in to catch him. Gillian Anderson stars as DSI Stella Gibson, and Jamie Dornan stars as Paul Spector
320	The Fall	Dark Descent	Drama	8.3	Crime drama series set in Northern Ireland. When a murder in Belfast remains unsolved after 28 days, DSI Stella Gibson is called in to review the case.
320	The Fall	Darkness Visible	Drama	8.3	Crime drama series. DSI Stella Gibson's worst fears are realised as Spector's murder spree in Belfast continues and she faces very real consequences after a reckless decision.
320	The Fall	Insolence & Wine	Drama	8.3	As DSI Stella Gibson takes control of the hunt for the serial killer striking women in Belfast, the realisation that his perfect kill is tainted pushes Spector into looking for his next victim.
320	The Fall	My Adventurous Song	Drama	8.3	When Eastwood's investigation into Olson's murder throws open some uncomfortable truths for Burns, Gibson comes under increased pressure in her hunt for Belfast's killer.
320	The Fall	The Vast Abyss	Drama	8.3	The killer's latest attack gives Gibson renewed impetus. As the net appears to be closing in, Spector makes a dramatic confession and a decision that binds his fate to Gibson.
320	The Fall	Walk the Line	Drama	8.3	Gillian Anderson and Jamie Dornan return in the highly anticipated second series of The Fall. DSI Stella Gibson continues her challenging hunt for Paul Spector, the killer who hides in plain sight.
320	The Fall	One Named Peter	Drama	8.3	Stella Gibson realises that her mistakes have put the life of witness Rose Stagg in danger. Desperate to save Rose's life, the police step up the investigation, while Spector continues to stalk Belfast's streets.
320	The Fall	It's Always Darkest	Drama	8.3	After the vital breakthrough which finally identifies Paul Spector as the killer, Stella Gibson must now play an agonising waiting game. Will her actions bring her closer to their target or jeopardise the operation further?
320	The Fall	Strangler	Drama	8.3	As Gibson recovers from her close encounter with the 'Belfast Strangler', a shocking revelation proves how terrifyingly manipulative Paul Spector can be.
320	The Fall	The Fall	Drama	8.3	As the investigation tightens around Paul Spector, he makes a bold break for cover. However, his recklessness is finally catching up with him, leading to deadly consequences.
320	The Fall	In Summation	Drama	8.3	With Paul Spector in custody, DSI Gibson desperately searches for clues to help find Rose Stagg. However, Spector does all he can to thwart her, locking them into a deadly duel.
321	Arrested Development	Arrested Development	Comedy	9.1	After being passed over as partner at The Bluth Co., widower Michael resolves to quit the family business and move away to spend more quality time with his 13-year-old son, George Michael. But when his father George Bluth Sr. is arrested for shifty accounting practices and the family assets are frozen, Michael is forced to stay in Orange County to help his wildly eccentric family pick up the pieces.
321	Arrested Development	The One Where Michael Leaves (2)	Comedy	9.1	When George Sr. is apprehended, the police realize they have mistakenly caught Oscar, George Sr.'s twin brother. With George Sr. at large, Michael is next in line to be prosecuted for the Bluth Co. crimes and must find funds immediately to stay out of jail. Too proud and angry to ask his family members for help, Michael is further vexed to find out that they are doing perfectly well without him - Lindsay and Tobias have decided to have an open relationship, Gob is running the company and Lucille has asked Oscar to move in and be a role model for Buster.
321	Arrested Development	The One Where They Build a House	Comedy	9.1	Due to Michael's continuing legal troubles, Gob agrees to be the company figurehead while Michael pulls the strings, an arrangement which, of course, ends up driving Michael completely crazy when Gob's showmanship and ludicrous ideas impress the board. Meanwhile, the mistaken identities continue when George Sr. is arrested in Mexico for a crime that Oscar committed, and Oscar takes George Sr.'s place in a way no one could have predicted.
321	Arrested Development	Amigos	Comedy	9.1	When the staircar turns up in Mexico, Michael decides to organize the family and go down to pick it up. Gob becomes suspicious of Michael's behavior so he hires a bounty hunter to follow him. Michael discovers this and rehires the bounty hunter to search for George Sr. Meanwhile, Lindsay develops a crush on the bounty hunter and Buster spends time with housekeeper Lupe's family and thinks he's in Mexico.
321	Arrested Development	Good Grief!	Comedy	9.1	When Lucille hires a bounty hunter to find George Sr., he delivers the disturbing news that George Sr. is dead. Each Bluth copes with the pain in a different way: Gob tries to pull off an elaborate illusion, Maeby tries to set up Lindsay with the bounty hunter, and Michael tries to mend his son's relationship. Meanwhile, George Sr. is closer than they all think.
321	Arrested Development	Sad Sack	Comedy	9.1	When Wayne Jarvis is assigned to prosecute George Sr., he threatens Michael to turn in his father or go to jail. Michael, who has hidden his father in the attic, convinces him to stay hidden until he can figure out what to do. George Sr. confesses that he is only in town to win back Lucille and Michael is concerned that he will find out about Lucille's relationship with Oscar. Meanwhile, Lindsay spends more time with Maeby to get closer to Steve Holt and Tobias starts working out.
321	Arrested Development	Afternoon Delight	Comedy	9.1	When a prankster throws the banana stand into the bay, Michael is forced to rebuild it. Meanwhile, Gob acts as president of the company and prepares for the annual Christmas party. But things take an awkward turn when Gob fires everyone after an employee inadvertently roasts him. Michael realizes he must woo the employees back by throwing another holiday party and decides to do it in conjunction with the unveiling of the newly rebuilt banana stand. Meanwhile, Buster plays hooky from the army and spends all of his time at the arcade grabbing stuffed animals with a skill crane.
321	Arrested Development	Switch Hitter	Comedy	9.1	When the president of a rival company, Sitwell, hires away Gob in an effort to win the big company softball game against the Bluth Co., Michael asks Gob to throw the game. Gob grapples with the idea, but finds his new boss supportive and fatherly, which catches him off guard. Meanwhile, Lindsay takes anti-depressants and the bizarre side effects include hallucinations and a strong sense of team spirit.
321	Arrested Development	Queen for a Day	Comedy	9.1	When Michael learns that the company stock has been unfrozen, he decides to sell a little to buy a car. Unbeknownst to him and despite warnings from their attorney, the rest of the family sell off their stock as well and they lose control of the company. Meanwhile, Lucille 2 is back, only to discover Buster is dating the new secretary.
321	Arrested Development	Burning Love	Comedy	9.1	When Michael reunites with his long lost love, Sally Sitwell, their romance is interrupted by meddling parents. Meanwhile, Gob starts to fall for Lucille 2 and Lucille worries about who will bid on her in the bachelorette auction this year since Buster is dating someone.
321	Arrested Development	Ready, Aim, Marry Me	Comedy	9.1	The Bluths are worried that Lucille 2 is making a deal to sell the company, so George Sr. suggests calling an old family friend, Uncle Jack, for help. But when creepy Uncle Jack agrees to come to their aid only if he gets a date with Lindsay, Michael must come up with a plan to distract Tobias. Meanwhile, Gob and Buster team up to find out what Lucille 2 is up to and end up fighting over her.
321	Arrested Development	Out on a Limb (1)	Comedy	9.1	Michael's budding relationship with Sally is threatened when he runs into his former fling, Maggie Lizer, who's pregnant. Michael suspects that he's the father, but Gob brings up a good point - since Maggie lied about being blind, she could be lying about her pregnancy, too. Meanwhile, George Michael struggles to find a way to break up with Ann, and Buster learns he is going to be deployed to Iraq.
321	Arrested Development	My Hand to God (2)	Comedy	9.1	The Bluths are shocked to discover that Buster's hand was bitten off by a seal and he's left with a mean left hook. Meanwhile, Michael has to figure out if Maggie's baby is really his or if it's just another one of her lies.
321	Arrested Development	The Tendercrisp Chicken Comedy Half Hour	Comedy	9.1	When Lucille abducts George-Michael to take Buster's place at the annual mother-son dance, Michael and Buster try to save him and end up in a compromising position. Meanwhile, Tobias gets a role in which he must act like George Sr., which makes him more attractive to Lindsay.
321	Arrested Development	The Immaculate Election	Comedy	9.1	When Ann convinces George-Michael to run for student body president, Michael gets involved and things take a turn for the worse. Michael asks Gob to help remedy the situation, but instead, Gob shoots an offensive campaign video that makes all the students revolt against George-Michael. Meanwhile, Buster has an affair with Lupe and Tobias moves out - sort of.
321	Arrested Development	The Sword of Destiny	Comedy	9.1	Gob and Buster team up for some magic tricks with the help of Buster's fake hand, but when Tony Wonder, a rival magician, starts to mentor them, somebody gets the finger. Meanwhile, Michael is forced to delegate some work when he's hospitalized and Lindsay teaches George Michael how to drive using the staircar.
321	Arrested Development	Meet the Veals	Comedy	9.1	When George Michael gives Ann a promise ring, Michael is concerned it's too much, too fast and decides to talk to her parents, the Veals. But when his plan backfires, Michael takes matters into his own hands. Meanwhile, George Sr. enlists Gob's help in abducting Lucille and taking her to renew their vows in order to get her away from Oscar.
321	Arrested Development	Spring Breakout	Comedy	9.1	It's Spring Break, and Gob gets the chance to confront Phillip Litt, the guy who featured Gob's magic trick mistakes on a "Girls with Low Self-Esteem" video. Meanwhile, Lucille's drinking is out of control and Michael tricks her into going to rehab by telling her it's a spa. But when Kitty kidnaps George Sr. and attempts to blackmail the Bluths, Michael must turn to Lucille for help.
321	Arrested Development	Righteous Brothers	Comedy	9.1	Due to shoddy plumbing on the model home, Michael must call an inspector to check out the house. But when he asks George Sr. to vacate the attic so that he won't have to cover for him, Gob steps in to help and all hell breaks loose. Meanwhile, George Michael helps Ann stage a boycott of the American version of "Dangerous Liaisons" and they inadvertently turn the movie into a bigger hit for Maeby. And when Michael asks Tobias to keep an eye on Kitty, their relationship begins to bloom, much to Lindsay's dismay.
321	Arrested Development	The Cabin Show	Comedy	9.1	Michael is back in charge of The Bluth Co. and things appear to be on track. However, when Michael decides to take his son on a trip to the family cabin, his plan goes off course when he decides to track down George Sr. and ends up in Reno. Meanwhile, Lindsay - along with George Michael and Maeby, who are still dealing with the aftermath of their awkward kiss - goes searching for Tobias and discovers he's not blue without her. Gob goes to an event hosted by a group that reunites abandoned sons with their fathers and gets a surprise of his own, while Lucille is up to her old tricks dealing with Buster.
321	Arrested Development	The British Bombshell	Comedy	9.1	To save money on expensive attorney fees, Michael tells George Sr. to plead guilty, but George Sr. proclaims his innocence and says he was set up by an underground British group. Michael goes to "Wee Britain" to investigate these claims, and meets a beautiful British woman, Rita, whom he asks out on a date. Meanwhile, Lindsay tries to flirt with the family's new attorney and ends up being charged for her time, and Gob stages an elaborate magic trick to get out of spending time with his son.
321	Arrested Development	Forget Me Now	Comedy	9.1	Michael inadvertently lies and tells Rita that he doesn't have a family. But the lie catches up with him, when the Bluths try to surprise Michael by bringing Rita to a family party and all hell breaks loose. Meanwhile, Lindsay works as the nanny to the family's new attorney and George Sr. tries to escape the penthouse.
321	Arrested Development	Notapusy/Mr. F	Comedy	9.1	In an effort to prove to Rita he's not a wimp, Michael tries to convince George Michael to join him in some manly activities, but George Michael is too busy prepping girlfriend Ann for an Inner-beauty Pageant. So Michael and his recently discovered nephew Steve Holt enter a triathlon, only to discover Gob is the one who stumbles at the finish line. Back at work, Michael must deal with a huge mole problem in order to salvage a major real estate deal. But when Gob and Buster team up with George Sr.'s surrogate, Larry, to help Michael save the deal, their plan falls apart in a big way. Meanwhile, Tobias mistakes a CIA agent for a CAA agent and inadvertently betrays the family, and Michael makes Rita a proposal she can't refuse.
322	Hit the Floor	Hit the Floor	Drama	none	Set in the world of professional basketball, "Hit The Floor's" season one finale shook up Devils Nation with a new All-Star, a new Devil Girls Director and several new hook-ups. In the second season, the series picks up right where the juicy drama between the Devil Girls dance team and the coaches and players left off.Now that Ahsha is single, there's room for her and Derek to explore a relationship. Sloane has taken the job as Devil Girl Director, adding tension to an already strained mother-daughter relationship. Jelena, team captain, keeps a close eye on Ahsha and Sloane, watching for any opportunity to get rid of them both.There are love triangles galore as new characters join this spicy soap including Lionel, Coach Davenport's estranged, starlet wife; Zero, a God-loving superstar player who is immediately drawn to bad girl Jelena; and Jude, an ambitious junior agent who's come to Devils Arena with a very big agenda.Everyone has a secret to protect, until a big mystery threatens to expose them all. Hit The Floor season two gets amped up with cliff-hangers in each episode leaving viewers constantly guessing what will happen next. This hot new season brings more sex, drama, secrets and excitement as well as twelve new jaw-dropping dance routines choreographed by the legendary Michael Rooney.
322	Hit the Floor	Pilot	Drama	none	Ahsha Hayes enters the wild world of professional basketball when she tries out for the elite L.A. Devil Girls dance team against the wishes of her mother Sloane, a former dancer...
322	Hit the Floor	Game On	Drama	none	Jelena and Olivia engage in a power struggle for control of the Devil Girls while Ahsha works to keep German in her new world.
322	Hit the Floor	Out of Bounds	Drama	none	Ahsha reels from shocking news, to the enjoyment of Jelena while Kyle skirts the rule that she date a player.
322	Hit the Floor	Rebound	Drama	none	Pete and Sloane talk for the first time about the past. In a power play with Olivia, Jelena sets up Ahsha to fail at the Devil annual calendar photo shoot.
322	Hit the Floor	Keep Away	Drama	none	Ahsha demands answers about Sloane's past, Terrence keeps a secret from Jelena, and Raquel misinterprets Pete's intentions toward her.
322	Hit the Floor	Lights Out	Drama	none	The power goes out at Devils Arena before a sold-out game. Kyle counsels German about Ahsha and Sloane shocks Pete again.
322	Hit the Floor	Moving Screens	Drama	none	Olivia is furious when Kyle engages in non-sanctioned Devil Girl behavior while Jelena learns a disturbing piece of news about Terrence and German confronts Derek.
322	Hit the Floor	Fast Break	Drama	none	Olivia sidelines Jelena from choreography, allowing Ahsha an opportunity to shine. German and Ahsha fight over their relationship, and Derek reveals his feelings for Ahsha.
322	Hit the Floor	Benched	Drama	none	Olivia advises Ahsha to reveal more of herself to battle Jelena while Terrence finds himself in trouble with Coach Davenport.
322	Hit the Floor	Turnover	Drama	none	A surprising personnel change takes place within the Devils Organization. Ahsha and Derek get closer while Terrence makes a decision that jolts Jelena.
322	Hit the Floor	Game Changer	Drama	none	In the Season Two premiere, All-Star Ahsha clashes with both Jelena and new boss Sloane while Pete's thrown by the arrival of his estranged wife, Lionel.
322	Hit the Floor	Passing	Drama	none	Ahsha and Derek struggle to keep their relationship secret while Sloane's investigation into Oscar intensifies.
322	Hit the Floor	Behind the Back	Drama	none	Jelena gets new ammunition on Ahsha, Terrence makes a big decision, and Lionel's true motives for coming to Devils Arena are revealed.
322	Hit the Floor	Full-Court Press	Drama	none	Ahsha's spot with the Devil Girls is in jeopardy, with help coming from an unlikely source while Sloane's investigation suffers a setback.
322	Hit the Floor	Shattered Glass	Drama	none	Jelena and Kyle are confronted by unwelcome visitors from their pasts while Ahsha is confronted by what it really means to be Derek Roman's girlfriend.
322	Hit the Floor	Blow Out	Drama	none	Jelena targets Sloane, Pete and Lionel grow closer, and Ahsha takes a very big fall.
322	Hit the Floor	Isolation	Drama	none	Jelena exploits Sloane's absence, and gets an ultimatum from Zero while Raquel reveals a shocking secret to Sloane.
322	Hit the Floor	Playing Dirty	Drama	none	Sloane and Raquel's investigation of Oscar hits a nasty roadblock while Lionel and Pete's relationship takes an unexpected turn.
322	Hit the Floor	Unguarded	Drama	none	Kyle gets tied deeper to Oscar while Ahsha, Jude, Jelena and Pete all face the aftermath of their actions.
322	Hit the Floor	Steal	Drama	none	Jelena makes a surprising decision, Ahsha gets the opportunity of a lifetime, and Sloane exacts some revenge which creates a shocking discovery.
322	Hit the Floor	Sudden Death	Drama	none	German and Ahsha grow closer, Lionel and Sloane have it out, Derek confronts Jude, and Oscar drops a bomb.
322	Hit the Floor	Winner Takes All	Drama	none	The Devils make a final push for the title, and the police make a shocking arrest while bonds are tested before Olivia's murderer is revealed.
323	White Collar	White Collar	Drama	8.3	The series focuses on the unlikely partnership between the very intelligent and charming con-artist Neal Caffrey and the hard-working and earnest FBI agent Peter Burke. In exchange for his freedom, and on the condition that he wear an ankle bracelet at all times, Caffrey provides his expertise in thievery to help Burke and agents Clinton Jones and Diana Berrigan catch other elusive white collar criminals.
323	White Collar	Borrowed Time	Drama	8.3	The sixth season premiere finds Neal trying to secure his freedom once and for all by making a deal with the FBI brass. To do so, however, he must gain access to the leader of an international crime syndicate. Elsewhere, El gets startling news about her future with Peter.
323	White Collar	Return To Sender	Drama	8.3	The FBI agrees to grant Neal his freedom if he can bring down the Pink Panthers once and for all.
323	White Collar	Uncontrolled Variables	Drama	8.3	Neal is conflicted over scamming an innocent mark while running a con for the Pink Panthers. Elsewhere, Peter works with a reckless Interpol agent who may put their entire operation in jeopardy.
323	White Collar	All's Fair	Drama	8.3	Peter and Neal investigate someone from Mozzie's past who is running another con at Mozzie's expense.
323	White Collar	Whack-a-Mole	Drama	8.3	The Pink Panthers ask for a huge favor from Neal on very short notice; Peter's family life takes a hit following the murder of a colleague.
323	White Collar	Au Revoir	Drama	8.3	Peter joins a dangerous con against the Pink Panthers to help Neal carry out a risky heist; Neal formulates a new plan that will benefit himself as well as the Pink Panthers.
324	MasterChef	MasterChef	Cooking	3.0	Host and award-winning chef Gordon Ramsay, restaurateur Joe Bastianich and acclaimed chef Graham Elliot return for Season Five of the culinary smash hit MASTERCHEF. The three celebrated food experts will put the latest group of contestants through a series of challenging elimination rounds and turn one home cook into a culinary master.
324	MasterChef	Let The Battle Commence (Top 40)	Cooking	3.0	Forty of America's best home cooks present their signature dishes to the judges: Gordon Ramsay, Graham Elliot and the newest addition to the panel, Christina Tosi.
324	MasterChef	The Battle Continues (Top 22)	Cooking	3.0	Some of America's best home cooks present their signature dishes to the judges: Gordon Ramsay, Graham Elliot and the newest addition to the panel, Christina Tosi.
324	MasterChef	100th Episode: You're the Apple of My Pie (Top 22 Compete again!)	Cooking	3.0	The contestants are faced with their first mystery box challenge that includes ingredients that could be found in the average home; in a pressure test, contestants must prepare their version of an apple pie.
324	MasterChef	Cinammon Roll-er Coaster (Top 20)	Cooking	3.0	The teams create their own versions of an amusement park burger and a fish and chips dish for park guests; the losing team faces a cinnamon roll pressure test.
324	MasterChef	Clawing To Victory	Cooking	3.0	The cooks compete to prepare the best crab dish, with the winner gaining a significant advantage before the elimination; the cooks create versions of dishes using corn.
324	MasterChef	What Happens In Vegas Steaks In Vegas	Cooking	3.0	The cooks travel to Las Vegas and split into two teams to prepare food for 101 performers; the better-received team is safe from the pressure test; the cooks face steak challenges that measure temperature and taste.
324	MasterChef	Bring Home the Bacon	Cooking	3.0	The home cooks must create an elevated breakfast dish in 45 minutes; the challenge winner receives advantages that include immunity in the mystery box challenge, in which the contestants must make TV dinners.
324	MasterChef	Happy Birthday MASTERCHEF	Cooking	3.0	Each team has to create a two-course menu and they must also make a three-layer birthday cake.
324	MasterChef	Gordon's Greatest Hits	Cooking	3.0	The chefs must taste and then attempt to re-create Gordon's signature beef Wellington.
324	MasterChef	Rice Rice Baby	Cooking	3.0	The remaining home cooks must create a rice dish in 60 minutes.
324	MasterChef	Moo-vers And Bakers	Cooking	3.0	The remaining home cooks enter the Wild West when they must cook for 101 cowboys and ranchers.
324	MasterChef	Family Reunion	Cooking	3.0	The cooks prepare family-style meals for special diners; the cooks create a gnocchi-in-brown-sage-butter-sauce dish for the pressure test challenge.
324	MasterChef	A Storm's A Brewing	Cooking	3.0	The cooks need to make a dish that features coffee as one of the central ingredients. The pressure test sees the contestants teaming up to re-create an elaborate party platter.
324	MasterChef	The Restaurant Takeover	Cooking	3.0	The remaining chefs are put into teams to take over a Los Angeles restaurant, where they have to come up with two appetizers and two entrées for dining customers. The losing team take part in a pressure test that sees them having to come up with three different pasta dishes.
324	MasterChef	Return of the Champions	Cooking	3.0	The Top Five home cooks must create a dish using pear, blue cheese, tomato, portabella mushroom and chocolate.
324	MasterChef	Team Gordon Ramsay	Cooking	3.0	In the next challenge, with a little help from a few other home cooks, the remaining three contestants will create dishes for 30 restaurant guests who serve an important role in the judges' culinary world. The home cook with the most number of votes will move on in the competition, while the remaining two home cooks will face the next pressure test, during which they must complete three classic MASTERCHEF dishes. The home cook with the best dishes will move on to the finals.
324	MasterChef	The Finale	Cooking	3.0	In the final challenge in the MASTERCHEF kitchen, the Top Two home cooks will have one last chance to prove to the judges that they deserve the MASTERCHEF title by creating a three-course meal. After evaluating the final dishes, the judges will reveal America's next MASTERCHEF, and the deserving home cook will walk away with a MASTERCHEF trophy, a book deal and the $250,000 grand prize.
325	Being Mary Jane	Being Mary Jane	Drama	none	Mary Jane Paul is a one-woman show: a successful TV news anchor, entirely self-sufficient – an all-around powerhouse who remains devoted to a family that doesn't share her motivation.  As Mary Jane juggles her life, her work and her commitment to her family, we find out how far she's willing to go to find the puzzle pieces that she, and society, insist are missing from her life as a single Black female.
325	Being Mary Jane	Storm Advisory	Drama	none	Andre faces David and an anchor is fired in the series premiere of this drama about a single TV news anchor (Gabrielle Union) trying to balance all aspects of her life.
325	Being Mary Jane	Girls Night In	Drama	none	Mary Jane has a big talk with Andre, leaving her to ponder her future. Meanwhile, friction develops between Kara and Mary Jane when Kara revamps Mark's show; and a woman inches closer to Paul Sr.
325	Being Mary Jane	The Huxtables Have Fallen	Drama	none	Mary Jane faces reality after her affair is exposed. Meanwhile, a sobriety party prompts Patrick to reflect on his life, and Mary Jane at last gives Andre an answer to his proposal.
325	Being Mary Jane	Mixed Messages	Drama	none	A reality about Andre hits Mary Jane, who responds by meeting a man online. Meanwhile, changes prove too much for Mark; Helen's diamond bracelet vanishes; true feelings surface about the Patterson children.
325	Being Mary Jane	Exposed	Drama	none	Paul Sr. tries to please Helen with a platinum table at a big gala, where Mary Jane happens upon David. Meanwhile, MJ must make a big decision at work.
325	Being Mary Jane	Hindsight is 20/40	Drama	none	A picture stirs up drama between Mary Jane and Andre. Meanwhile, Patrick breaks news that he's moving out; a drug run turns violent; Niecy announces a plan following her delivery; Kara mulls over a custody issue involving her sons.
325	Being Mary Jane	Blindsided	Drama	none	Mary Jane is devastated when one of her interviews leads to a suicide. Meanwhile, Mark is put in an uncomfortable position; Niecy worries that Dante will be a no-show for her delivery; and Patrick speculates about Helen's care after he moves.
325	Being Mary Jane	Uber Love	Drama	none	Mary Jane faces the people she has hurt in the Season 1 finale. Also: Lisa and Mary Jane's friendship is tested.
325	Being Mary Jane	People in Glass Houses Shouldn't Throw Fish	Drama	none	In the Season 2 premiere, Mary Jane throws a dinner party; and invites a married couple whom she and David used to be "couples friends" with. She also re-examines what she wants out of life after learning that David's new girlfriend is pregnant.
325	Being Mary Jane	Freedom	Drama	none	Mary Jane's plans for an anxiety-free weekend go awry when Mark asks her to be his "beard" during an unexpected visit from his parents. In other events, Mary Jane's interview of a teen sex worker makes her re-evaluate her relationship with Niecy.
325	Being Mary Jane	Mary Jane Knows Best	Drama	none	Mary Jane undergoes a fertility treatment as part of a series on modern-day motherhood. She also makes Niecy her new pet project after Niecy's secret is discovered; and tries to land an interview with an elusive multi-millionaire.
325	Being Mary Jane	Sleepless in Atlanta	Drama	none	Kara tries to protect Mary Jane from the results of a focus group; Niecy tries to shield herself and Treyvion from his father, who unexpectedly returns from college; Patrick tries to balance work and family; and Mary Jane meets with Sheldon DeWitt.
325	Being Mary Jane	No Eggspectations	Drama	none	Kara suggests a live installment of "Talk Back," but neither she nor Mary Jane are prepared for the news that Dr. Marrs delivers; Cameron and Niecy negotiate over his re-entry into her life; and an exciting business opportunity presents itself to PJ.
325	Being Mary Jane	Pulling the Trigger	Drama	none	Mary Jane's hormones rage out of control after she gets an hCG trigger shot, which starts a 36-hour countdown to ovulation. She's also offered an exclusive story from Sheldon DeWitt; further strains her already-strained friendship with Lisa; and receives a surprise visit from David.
325	Being Mary Jane	Let's Go Crazy	Drama	none	The motivation for Mary Jane's actions with David become clear. In other events, a "Talk Back" segment spurs Mary Jane to move on with her life and repair strained relationships; and she also decides to change "Talk Back," which may not go over well with Kara.
325	Being Mary Jane	One Is The Loneliest Number	Drama	none	SNC covers a fatal school shooting in Atlanta; Mary Jane meets Sheldon's circle of friends; a new man in Kara's life helps her find a new purpose; Mark's relationship with Eric comes to an end; and Patrick makes a heartbreaking discovery.
325	Being Mary Jane	Line In The Sand	Drama	none	Mary Jane gets nominated for an Emmy, prompting her to seek advice from her trusted friends. In time, she must decide whether to take a chance and follow her instincts. Meanwhile, information about Tracy surfaces.
325	Being Mary Jane	Primetime	Drama	none	While Cynthia is out due to illness, Mary Jane and Kara host and produce a primetime news hour. In other events, Paul Jr. decides between job offers.
325	Being Mary Jane	Reading The Signs	Drama	none	Mary Jane's rant goes viral, turning her into an overnight sensation; Sheldon struggles to take his relationship with Mary Jane to the next level; and Kara heads home to help with a complicated family matter.
325	Being Mary Jane	Signing Off	Drama	none	In the Season 2 finale, Mary Jane moves into a primetime position at SNC; and, just as she settles into a relationship with Sheldon, receives mind-blowing news about David. In other events, the Patterson family gathers to celebrate Paul Jr.'s graduation from architecture school.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Inside Amy Schumer	Comedy	9.0	Inside Amy Schumer is the new series featuring Schumer's provocative and hilariously wicked mind, as she explores topics revolving around sex, relationships, and the general clusterf*ck that is life through a series of scripted vignettes, stand-up comedy, and man-on-the-street interviews.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Bad Decisions	Comedy	9.0	Amy regrets auditioning for "2 Girls 1 Cup," having a one-night stand and getting on a plane.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Real Sext	Comedy	9.0	Amy tries to figure out sexting, visits a testicle-themed restaurant and interviews a stripper.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	A Porn Star Is Born	Comedy	9.0	A group of friends can't accept compliments, and Amy quits her job as a porn star.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	The Horror	Comedy	9.0	Amy gets a terrible haircut, farts when she gets scared and makes out with Amber Tamblyn.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Gang Bang	Comedy	9.0	Tig's cancer gives Amy an excuse to cancel plans, and a gang bang is planned for feminist reasons.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Meth Lab	Comedy	9.0	Slap Chef slaps the food out of your dumb mouth, and Amy tries to maintain her makeover.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Unpleasant Truths	Comedy	9.0	Amy has multiple personalities, loses it on her boyfriend and gets molested.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Clown Panties	Comedy	9.0	A terminally ill child gets roasted, and Amy catches her boyfriend cheating.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Terrible People	Comedy	9.0	Cat Park is a safe haven for cats and owners, and Amy and a psychic conjure Dave Attell.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Sex Tips	Comedy	9.0	Amy wakes up in bed with two guys, searches for the perfect sex tip and competes on a reality show.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	You Would Bang Her?	Comedy	9.0	A focus group of guys weighs in on the show, God helps Amy through a herpes scare, and a new secretary struggles to keep people from barging into her boss's office.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	I'm So Bad	Comedy	9.0	Amy promotes a spicy new snack for teens, shares binge-eating shame stories with her friends and tries to have pity sex with a prom loser.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	A Chick Who Can Hang	Comedy	9.0	Amy gets in touch with her masculine side, has a meltdown while on the phone with the cable company and interviews a former phone sex operator.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Boner Doctor	Comedy	9.0	Amy checks into an extremely temperamental hotel, goes to a couples counseling session led by Chrissy Teigen and shops for her future body.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Allergic to Nuts	Comedy	9.0	Amy lands a gig as the voice of Frumpy the Dumpy Meerkat, gets serious about her nut allergy and sleeps with a magician.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Down for Whatever	Comedy	9.0	Amy encounters supernatural forces in her hotel, causes a drunken scene at a wedding and has her dream breakup come true.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Slow Your Roll	Comedy	9.0	Amy consults a celebrity nutritionist, feels uncomfortable about her new boyfriend's collection of inkblot tests and sells glasses to serial killers.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Tyler Perry's Episode	Comedy	9.0	Amy debates which movie to watch with her boyfriend, promotes a gel that helps with low estrogen levels and interviews a former flight attendant.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Raise a Glass	Comedy	9.0	Amy competes in a drunk cooking competition, holds a press conference to address a disastrous bachelorette party and delivers a obnoxious wedding toast.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Slut-Shaming	Comedy	9.0	Amy prepares to have sex, appears as a contestant on "Who's More Over Their Ex?" and holds a press conference to address allegations of misconduct.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Last F**kable Day	Comedy	9.0	Amy meets her heroes; attempts to get birth control; and discusses defecation.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Cool With It	Comedy	9.0	Amy takes off her makeup; goes to a strip club; and dates a rapper.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	12 Angry Men Inside Amy Schumer	Comedy	9.0	Amy's fate is decided by an all-male jury.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	I'm Sorry	Comedy	9.0	Amy directs a commercial for pizza; interviews a gigolo; and makes a sweeping apology.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Babies & Bustiers	Comedy	9.0	Amy competes in a pageant; gives breast milk to a dog; and admires her new figure.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	80s Ladies	Comedy	9.0	Amy rides a mechanical bull; swipes a credit card; and defends Bill Cosby.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Fight Like a Girl	Comedy	9.0	Amy strips for dogs; gets a mail-order husband; and teaches men the art of female emotional combat.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Foam	Comedy	9.0	Amy confronts her therapist about her mother; falls in love with her barista; and loses her head.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	Wingwoman	Comedy	9.0	Amy travels through time, listens to terrible stories and gives an entire town the clap.
327	Inside Amy Schumer	3 Buttholes	Comedy	9.0	Amy dates a guy with a British accent and has too many buttonholes.
328	Midsomer Murders	Midsomer Murders	Drama	9.0	Based originally on the books by Caroline Graham, each self-contained episode of two hours is a classic whodunit revolving around Detective Chief Inspector John Barnaby and his side-kick DS Ben Jones and their efforts to solve the numerous murders which take place in the picturesque countryside of Midsomer County.
328	Midsomer Murders	Written in Blood	Drama	9.0	The secretary of the Midsomer Worthy's writers' circle is found brutally murdered after objecting to a visit from a best-selling novelist.
328	Midsomer Murders	Death of a Hollow Man	Drama	9.0	Are the deaths of a newly-rich woman and the egotistical star of the Causton Amateur Dramatic Society connected?
328	Midsomer Murders	Faithful unto Death	Drama	9.0	An investigation into the finances of a village community crafts centre takes a sinister turn when the wife of the centre's owner disappears & a neighbour is murdered.
328	Midsomer Murders	Death in Disguise	Drama	9.0	One of the founders of a new-age commune accidentally dies, but when the other founder is murdered in front of a roomful of people, the first death looks as if it may have been deliberate.
328	Midsomer Murders	Death's Shadow	Drama	9.0	Barnaby and Troy set out to find a motive for a terminally ill property developer's murder. Many of the Badger's Drift residents have reason to hold a grudge against their charmless neighbour, but the motive proves even more sinister than the detectives could have imagined.
328	Midsomer Murders	Strangler's Wood	Drama	9.0	Spurred into action by the discovery of a woman's body in Midsomer Worthy's Raven's Wood, Barnaby and Troy re-examine three similar unsolved murders in the same village, hoping to get a lead before the killer strikes again. As they dig deeper into the clandestine world of the community, they find themselves embroiled in a sinister web of deceit, violence and mystery.
328	Midsomer Murders	Dead Man's Eleven	Drama	9.0	When the wife of a wealthy landowner is bludgeoned to death with a cricket bat, DCI Barnaby is enmeshed in a succession of calculating murders.
328	Midsomer Murders	Blood Will Out	Drama	9.0	When Orville Tudway arrives in the village of Martyr Warren and is swiftly joined by his old arch enemy the Smith clan, it is clear that the usual peaceful village life is going to be disturbed.
328	Midsomer Murders	Death of a Stranger	Drama	9.0	When a tramp is found murdered in the woods, a poacher is convicted of the crime. But when a second man is murdered, Barnaby suspects the wrong man has been jailed.
328	Midsomer Murders	Blue Herrings	Drama	9.0	A visit to his convalescent aunt prompts Barnaby to investigate a series of suspicious deaths at the nursing home where she is staying.
328	Midsomer Murders	Judgement Day	Drama	9.0	The residents of Midsomer Mallow fear for their chances in The Perfect Village competition when Peter Drinkwater, a local thief and womaniser, is brutally killed with a pitchfork.
328	Midsomer Murders	Beyond the Grave	Drama	9.0	The slashing of a 17th century painting at the Aspen Tallow museum sets off a series of ghostly goings-on. Is someone trying to communicate or is there something more sinister at play?
328	Midsomer Murders	Garden of Death	Drama	9.0	Two residents of Inkpen Manor in the village of Midsomer-Deverell are murdered, and a body is dug up in the Inkpen's memorial garden.
328	Midsomer Murders	Destroying Angel	Drama	9.0	The owner of Midsomer's Easterly Grange Hotel dies, leaving his property divided between several employees and triggering a series of village murders.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Electric Vendetta	Drama	9.0	It seems that aliens are abducting and murdering the residents of Midsomer Parva, but only Inspector Barnaby can uncover the real truth.
328	Midsomer Murders	Who Killed Cock Robin?	Drama	9.0	A hit and run road accident and a vanishing victim in Newton Magna trigger an investigation into two village murders and two missing villagers.
328	Midsomer Murders	Dark Autumn	Drama	9.0	A murderer with a liking for 1950s dance hall music is on a killing spree in the village of Goodman's Land, and the philandering local postman is the first victim.
328	Midsomer Murders	Tainted Fruit	Drama	9.0	A burglary at the village veterinary surgery of a number of syringes and barbiturates is linked to a series of suspicious deaths and some surprising relationships come to light during the investigation.
328	Midsomer Murders	Market for Murder	Drama	9.0	The wealthy village of Midsomer Market is not the genteel and cultural seat it appears, when the founder of the women's reading club is found murdered with her own walking stick.
328	Midsomer Murders	A Worm in the Bud	Drama	9.0	Neighbouring farmers and lifelong friends are fighting over cutting down Setwale Wood in Midsomer Abbey and the ancient herb setwale, also known as valerian, is found to be the paralysing agent in two deaths.
328	Midsomer Murders	Ring Out Your Dead	Drama	9.0	The church bell ringers at Midsomer Wellow are being picked off one by one by a gun-toting assassin and DI Tom Barnaby learns of a 150-year-old curse that could link the murderer to the victims.
328	Midsomer Murders	Murder on St Malley's Day	Drama	9.0	The exclusive Midsomer Parva Devington School is the scene of a series of brutal murders and its elite Pudding Society is revealed to be much more than a grooming place for future diplomats.
328	Midsomer Murders	A Talent for Life	Drama	9.0	The murder of a glamorous and feisty former socialite uncovers a series of illicit affairs between prominent Malham Bridge residents.
328	Midsomer Murders	Death and Dreams	Drama	9.0	The apparent suicide of a local ne'er-do-well arouses suspicions due to the complexity of his death.
328	Midsomer Murders	Painted in Blood	Drama	9.0	A serious middle-aged watercolour artist is murdered in Midsomer Florey, but Barnaby must back away from the case as his wife, Joyce, a fellow painter, is a prime witness in the case.
328	Midsomer Murders	A Tale of Two Hamlets	Drama	9.0	A long and vicious feud between two Midsomer villages, Upper and Lower Warden, erupts when three murders take place in a prominent family.
328	Midsomer Murders	Birds of Prey	Drama	9.0	A demented husband is kept locked in the attic by his scheming rare bird collector wife and her accomplices, and a wildlife scam leads to grisly consequences.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Green Man	Drama	9.0	Nothing is what it seems behind the well-trimmed hedges of the picturesque cottages in the idyllic English countryside of Midsomer. An unexpected cave-in uncovers nine skeletons.
328	Midsomer Murders	Bad Tidings	Drama	9.0	DCI Tom Barnaby and new recruit Sgt Dan Scott investigate the mysterious murders of two members of the Midsomer Mallow Residents Association.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Fisher King	Drama	9.0	DCI Barnaby and Sgt Scott find themselves investigating the bizarre murder of a young, wealthy landowner, Gareth Heldman, whose body turns up with an unusual stab wound to the thigh.
328	Midsomer Murders	Sins of Commission	Drama	9.0	Midsomer's literary world is turned upside down when one of their prize-winning young authors, Richard Rackham, is mysteriously murdered on the eve of the annual literary festival.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Maid in Splendour	Drama	9.0	Secret business dealings, unrequited love and passionate affairs surround the local pub. When one of its bartenders is found dead, DCI Barnaby and Sgt Scott start to unravel a complicated mystery.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Straw Woman	Drama	9.0	When the community of Midsomer Parva revives the Straw Woman bonfire festival, tragedy strikes when the local curate Alex Dakin, trapped in a giant straw effigy, is burnt alive.
328	Midsomer Murders	Things That Go Bump in the Night	Drama	9.0	DCI Tom Barnaby and Sergeant Dan Scott investigate a link between a murder spree and a spiritualist church.
328	Midsomer Murders	Dead in the Water	Drama	9.0	The Midsomer Regatta is halted by the discovery of the body of the chairman of the Midsomer Rowing Club floating at the finishing line.
328	Midsomer Murders	Orchis Fatalis	Drama	9.0	When a rare orchid is smuggled illegally into Midsomer Malham it releases the heady scents of passion, jealousy and death.
328	Midsomer Murders	Bantling Boy	Drama	9.0	DCI Tom Barnaby and Sgt Dan Scott investigate the murders of a horse-racing syndicate.
328	Midsomer Murders	Second Sight	Drama	9.0	John Ransom is found murdered with suspicious burn marks to his head. The investigation leads to two feuding families - one with the ability of second sight.
328	Midsomer Murders	Hidden Depths	Drama	9.0	When local solicitor Nick Turner falls to his death from his house roof, it is not clear whether it was murder or suicide.
328	Midsomer Murders	Sauce For The Goose	Drama	9.0	Barnaby and Scott investigate when the dead body of rival employee, Dexter Lockwood, is found in the Plummer family's factory steriliser.
328	Midsomer Murders	Midsomer Rhapsody	Drama	9.0	When retired music teacher Arthur Leggott is battered to death with a torch, Barnaby and Scott investigate a web of family feuds and long lost love affairs to discover the truth.
328	Midsomer Murders	The House In The Woods	Drama	9.0	The series returns with DCI Tom Barnaby and his new sidekick DC Ben Jones investigating a series of murders in a deserted house in the woods which local villagers believe is haunted.
328	Midsomer Murders	Dead Letters	Drama	9.0	Is there a serial killer on the loose in Midsomer Barton? Barnaby and his new sidekick Jones investigate a series of murders linked to the death of a beauty queen some years ago.
328	Midsomer Murders	Vixen's Run	Drama	9.0	DCI Barnaby unravels some unsavoury truths, sinister secrets and hidden treasures among the extended family of eccentric aristocrat Sir Freddy Butler who dies during a special presentation.
328	Midsomer Murders	Down Among the Dead Men	Drama	9.0	Chief Inspector Tom Barnaby and his sidekick Sergeant Ben Jones investigate murder, blackmail and missing treasure among the mysterious citizens of Midsomer.
328	Midsomer Murders	Death in Chorus	Drama	9.0	A choir member is mysteriously murdered during the run-up to a competition and the rest of the choir members, including Joyce Barnaby are terrified for their lives.
328	Midsomer Murders	Country Matters	Drama	9.0	Controversial plans to build a supermarket in Elverton-cum-Latterly lead to murder when a man is stabbed to death.
328	Midsomer Murders	Last Year's Model	Drama	9.0	DCI Barnaby begins to question the guilt of a Midsomer Malham woman who is standing trial for the murder of her best friend.
328	Midsomer Murders	Four Funerals and a Wedding	Drama	9.0	The peacefulness of the Midsomer community is shattered and DCI Barnaby and his faithful assistant Sergeant Ben Jones calmly and diligently eliminate the innocent and ruthlessly pursue the guilty.
328	Midsomer Murders	Dance With The Dead	Drama	9.0	Lovers Simon Bright and Laura Sharp are kissing in the backseat of a Humber in a disused hangar but the next morning Simon's body is discovered and there is no sign of Laura.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Animal Within	Drama	9.0	A mischievous trickster finally gets his comeuppance when his body is found floating below the weir in Midsomer Deverell. The extent of his double life starts to emerge when three family friends and a long-lost niece produce wills claiming his fortune, and his collection of erotic photographs from the 1960s gives Barnaby and Jones the key to the tangled relationships and feuds blighting the family.
328	Midsomer Murders	King's Crystal	Drama	9.0	When a family glassware business collapses following the death of one of its partners, Barnaby investigates allegations of financial irregularities, love triangles and a string of murders. Lapsed Freemason Jones uses his inside knowledge to explore the ceremonial aspects of two killings, but it is Cully's production of Hamlet that gives Tom the key to the mystery.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Axeman Cometh	Drama	9.0	Barnaby is delighted that his heroes Hired Gun are reuniting to play at the Midsomer Rocks festival - minus their drummer, who disappeared 30 years ago after driving his car into a quarry. However, a string of bizarre warnings convinces the paranoid lead singer that someone is trying to stop the reunion, and his fears are confirmed when the backing singer drops dead on stage.
328	Midsomer Murders	Death And Dust	Drama	9.0	When Dr Alan Delaney is killed by a hit-and-run driver while in charge of his partner's new car, Barnaby and Jones discover the dead man had once been accused by Dr James Kirkwood of stealing a large sum of money from their Midsomer Market practice. Further investigations to uncover the whereabouts of the missing money lead the detectives to believe that Kirkwood may have been the real target.
328	Midsomer Murders	Picture Of Innocence	Drama	9.0	A photographer is murdered shortly after exhibiting a compromising picture of Barnaby - who becomes a suspect in the ensuing investigation. Joyce concludes that someone is trying to frame him, and is stunned when he admits to a previous relationship with the murdered man's wife. Jones is forced to work with the irritating Martin Spellman to solve the case.
328	Midsomer Murders	They Seek Him Here	Drama	9.0	When director Nick Cheyney is found beheaded by a guillotine on the set of his latest film, Barnaby and Jones are left with no shortage of suspects. The victim, it transpires, was on poor terms with several people in some way connected to the project, including the mother of his child, and an actor who blamed him for ruining his career.
328	Midsomer Murders	Death in a Chocolate Box	Drama	9.0	Barnaby's former CID colleague Jack Colby left the force under a cloud following a sex scandal involving villagers and officers at Causton police station. Now retrained as a probation officer, Jack is working at a halfway house for reformed criminals, so when he is bludgeoned to death the detective sets out to discover why the past would not leave him alone.
328	Midsomer Murders	Shot At Dawn	Drama	9.0	An old feud between the Hammond and Hicks families appears to have escalated to murder when the grandfather of the Hammonds is found dead.
328	Midsomer Murders	Blood Wedding	Drama	9.0	Barnaby becomes an unwelcome guest at a society wedding after the maid of honour is stabbed to death. Will he get to his own daughter's wedding in time to walk her down the aisle?
328	Midsomer Murders	Left For Dead	Drama	9.0	Near the construction site of a bypass an elderly couple are found dead in their home. Then later, the manager of the company building the bypass is found murdered.
328	Midsomer Murders	Midsomer Life	Drama	9.0	When a man who has been missing for two weeks is found dead in the woods near Midsomer, Barnaby finds connections between him and a magazine editor known for his killing reviews of local hotels.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Magician's Nephew	Drama	9.0	The traditions of a local cult in Midsomer, the Temple of Thoth, appear to be related to a series of murders using the poison of a tropical frog.
328	Midsomer Murders	Talking to the Dead	Drama	9.0	Barnaby finds connections between a supposedly haunted forest, the mystifying disappearances of two couples and a gang of thieves who specialise in antiques.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Dogleg Murders	Drama	9.0	A prestigious golf club is the setting for murder when a player is bludgeoned to death on the 13th hole. Barnaby and Jones discover gambling, illegal money-lending and assault are rife among the snobbish members, who are also dismissive of the local villagers and only allow them on the course for a few hours a week. Before long, another body turns up, making the detectives doubly determined to catch this terror of the fairways.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Black Book	Drama	9.0	Esteemed Midsomer artist, Henry Hogson, is at the centre of a case of art fraud and art theft which leads - inevitably - to murder.
328	Midsomer Murders	Secrets and Spies	Drama	9.0	Inspector Barnaby and DS Jones come face to face with MI6 in a case of murderous revenge.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Glitch	Drama	9.0	An outspoken scientific genius and inventor stirs up resentment at the local university with murderous consequences.
328	Midsomer Murders	Small Mercies	Drama	9.0	The novel 'Gulliver's Travels' is re-enacted in Little Worthing's model village as the first of a series of mysterious murders.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Creeper	Drama	9.0	Local aristocrats Sir William and Lady Isobel Chettham have a secret to hide, and The Creeper is burgling the homes of Midsomer's wealthy.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Great and the Good	Drama	9.0	The village schoolteacher insists there is an intruder visiting her house at night, but why can no intruder ever be found? And why have two dead bodies been found in her garden?
328	Midsomer Murders	The Sword of Guillaume	Drama	9.0	During a visit to Brighton, a hated property developer is beheaded at a funfair and historical swords go missing. With the help of his cousin DCI John Barnaby, can Barnaby unearth the truth?
328	Midsomer Murders	The Made-To-Measure Murders	Drama	9.0	It is the anniversary of the death of the head of a family bespoke tailoring business and surviving members of the family seem overburdened by grief - or is it guilt?
328	Midsomer Murders	Blood on the Saddle	Drama	9.0	A Wild West show in the village of Ford Florey leads to murder and mayhem and Barnaby, in the persona of Wyatt Earp, faces Billy the Kid in his own High Noon.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Silent Land	Drama	9.0	Barnaby's wife Joyce swerves her car to miss a shadowy figure on the road. The next morning a body is discovered in the old cemetery. Did Joyce hit someone or was the victim killed by one of the villagers?
328	Midsomer Murders	Master Class	Drama	9.0	Barnaby investigates when gifted piano student Zoe Stock witnesses a woman drowning in the river. He is struck by similarities to a case 20 years ago.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Noble Art	Drama	9.0	The 150th annniversary of the world's first heavyweight boxing championship that took place illegally in a Midsomer field leads to a country house murder mystery.
328	Midsomer Murders	Not in My Back Yard	Drama	9.0	A planning dispute turns to murder after a leading light in the Midsomer Conservation Society suspects her neighbours are involved in a money-making development scam.
328	Midsomer Murders	Fit for Murder	Drama	9.0	DCI Tom Barnaby reluctantly accompanies Joyce on a spa weekend to upmarket Swavely Manor. But as he attempts to de-stress, a woman is found dead in the floatation chamber.
328	Midsomer Murders	Death in the Slow Lane	Drama	9.0	DCI John Barnaby arrives in quaint Midsomer. When a local DJ is killed, he soon discovers murder and deception are never far away. As the death toll rises, could Barnaby's first case also be his last?
328	Midsomer Murders	Dark Secrets	Drama	9.0	The reclusive life of elderly eccentrics William and Mary Bingham comes under scrutiny when a social services investigator is killed. And Barnaby's wife Sarah arrives in Midsomer.
328	Midsomer Murders	Echoes of the Dead	Drama	9.0	When a young woman is dressed like a bride and drowned in a bath, it triggers a spate of ghoulish wedding-themed murders in Great Worthy. Could history be repeating itself?
328	Midsomer Murders	The Oblong Murders	Drama	9.0	Jones goes undercover at the Oblong Foundation after one of the cult's members disappears suddenly. He and Barnaby start digging into an old case involving the death of a couple in a boat explosion.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Sleeper Under The Hill	Drama	9.0	When the body of a farmer is found in the middle of a stone circle in Midsomer Mow suspicion is pointed at local druids.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Night of the Stag	Drama	9.0	When a missing tax inspector turns up dead in a vat of cider, Barnaby and Jones must hunt for a 'giant' killer within a Midsomer village steeped in bizarre local traditions.
328	Midsomer Murders	A Sacred Trust	Drama	9.0	The cloistered world of Midsomer Priory is forced to open its doors to 21st century policing after a nun is strangled to death. Barnaby and Jones investigate.
328	Midsomer Murders	A Rare Bird	Drama	9.0	When a bird watcher is found dead, Barnaby and Jones investigate. Was the victim's obsession with ornithology to blame - or something more sinister?
328	Midsomer Murders	The Dark Rider	Drama	9.0	The appearance of a headless horseman at Quitewell Hall foreshadows a number of deaths amongst the aristocratic DeQuettevilles family. But what is the truth about the DeQuettevilles - and the ghostly rider?
328	Midsomer Murders	Murder of Innocence	Drama	9.0	When a barrister is killed suspicion falls on convicted murderer Grady Felton. But Grady has a solid alibi. Barnaby suspects he's working with an accomplice - until Grady himself is targeted in an attack.
328	Midsomer Murders	Written in the Stars	Drama	9.0	During a total eclipse, amateur astronomer Jeremy Harper is murdered with a meteorite. He was campaigning to preserve a Bronze Age heritage site which houses a 1930s observatory that is to be pulled down.
328	Midsomer Murders	Death and the Divas	Drama	9.0	The murder of a journalist has chilling echoes of a 1960s horror film starring Midsomer's own Stella Harris. When Stella's more famous sister returns after a 40-year family rift, the killings escalate.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Sicilian Defence	Drama	9.0	Harriet Farmer wakes up after having been in a coma since the night she tried to elope, and her boyfriend Finn Robson has been missing since the couple tried to run away together a year before.
328	Midsomer Murders	Schooled in Murder	Drama	9.0	Debbie Moffet is crushed to death by a giant round of cheese just hours after an argument at a Parents' Council meeting at Midsomer Pastures Prep School. Barnaby and Jones investigate.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Christmas Haunting	Drama	9.0	New detective Charlie Nelson arrives in Midsomer and is thrown straight into a murder investigation. A man is stabbed with an antique sword during a ghost-hunting party at a 'haunted' manor house.
328	Midsomer Murders	Let Us Prey	Drama	9.0	A series of murders in Midsomer St Claire seem to be inspired by macabre images on a medieval fresco recently discovered in the church crypt. But who is responsible and why?
328	Midsomer Murders	Wild Harvest	Drama	9.0	When wealthy farmer Martin Strickland is covered in truffle oil and mauled to death by a wild boar, the investigation leads to restaurant Wyvern House and its tyrannical celebrity chef Ruth Cameron.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Flying Club	Drama	9.0	When the owner of Finchmere Airfield is dropped from a plane to meet a gruesome death, Barnaby and Nelson find the exciting world of stunt pilots and military heroes hides many dark secrets.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Killings of Copenhagen	Drama	9.0	When the boss of Calder's Biscuit Company is murdered in Copenhagen, Barnaby and Nelson join forces with two female Danish detectives.
328	Midsomer Murders	The Dagger Club	Drama	9.0	The launch of a newly-discovered novel by deceased Midsomer crime-writer George Summersbee at a crime festival is jeopardised when the manuscript is stolen and a woman is fatally electrocuted'
328	Midsomer Murders	Murder By Magic	Drama	9.0	When a landlady is killed during a magic show in Midsomer Oaks, Barnaby and Nelson uncover conflict between the village church and ancient pagan traditions. Is famous magician Gideon Latimer to blame or is he the target?
328	Midsomer Murders	The Ballad Of Midsomer County	Drama	9.0	Did someone want to kill Toby Winning for threatening to take the Little Crosby Folk Festival away from Midsomer - or is the true motive something hidden for 20 years? DCI Barnaby investigates.
328	Midsomer Murders	A Vintage Murder	Drama	9.0	The fizz goes out of a sparkling wine launch when the glasses are laced with slug poison. Who is targeting the Midsomer Vinae Winery and what does the attack have to do with the death of a child in a hit-and-run accident?
332	Alpha House	Alpha House	Drama	8.0	Delivering hilarious insider insights from the master of political satire, the new season of Alpha House finds the Senators maneuvering the hallways of Capitol Hill with a looming midterm election and an unclear political future. Republican Senators Biggs (Goodman), Bettencourt (Johnson) and Laffer (Malloy), having survived bruising primaries, are facing strong Democratic challengers and will use every trick in the book to woo voters on the road to re-election. Meanwhile, Senator Guzman (Consuelos) prepares for a 2016 bid for the presidency, a pursuit that will bring him into possible competition with one of his roommates.
334	Drunk History	Drunk History	Comedy	7.0	Based on the popular web series, Drunk History is the liquored-up narration of our nation's history. Host Derek Waters, along with an ever-changing cast of actors and comedians, travels across the country to present the rich tales that every city in this land has to offer. Booze helps bring out the truth. It's just that sometimes the truth is a little incoherent.
334	Drunk History	Washington D.C.	Comedy	7.0	A series that spoofs the past with inebriated reenactors begins with journalists Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein exposing the Watergate scandal; a feud between actor brothers Edwin and John Wilkes Booth; and Elvis Presley meeting President Nixon at the White House.
334	Drunk History	Chicago	Comedy	7.0	Sketches in Chicago include Al Capone being done in by an unlikely adversary; Abraham Lincoln catching a break; and police warring with protesters during the Haymarket Riot of 1886.
334	Drunk History	Atlanta	Comedy	7.0	Pharmacist John Pemberton invents a popular soft drink from wine and cocaine; the FBI go after Martin Luther King Jr.; and author Stetson Kennedy infiltrates the Ku Klux Klan in a series of sketches set in Atlanta.
334	Drunk History	Boston	Comedy	7.0	Reenactments in Boston include 17th-century colonist Mary Dyer's clashes with the Puritan establishment; a $500 million art heist; and the acts of a notorious arsonist.
334	Drunk History	San Francisco	Comedy	7.0	Events in San Francisco include the kidnapping of newspaper heiress Patty Hearst; and Mark Twain finding his calling as a writer.
334	Drunk History	Detroit	Comedy	7.0	Reenactments in Detroit include Ralph Nader's feud with General Motors; and a friendship between Harry Houdini and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle that deteriorates into a bitter rivalry.
334	Drunk History	Nashville	Comedy	7.0	Events in Nashville include Lewis and Clark's dangerous journey; and Dolly Parton saying good-bye to the man who made her famous.
334	Drunk History	Wild West	Comedy	7.0	Events in the Season 1 finale include the fight at the Alamo; and Billy the Kid on the run from lawman Pat Garrett.
334	Drunk History	Montgomery	Comedy	7.0	The Season 2 premiere features organic chemist Percy Julian; civil rights pioneer Claudette Colvin; and boxer Joe Louis.
334	Drunk History	New York	Comedy	7.0	Sculptor Fréderic-Auguste Bartholdi designs the Statue of Liberty; Sybil Ludington takes her midnight ride during the American Revolution; Nellie Bly goes undercover in an asylum on Blackwell's Island.
334	Drunk History	American Music	Comedy	7.0	Disc jockey Alan Freed plays rock and roll for the first time; Kris Kristofferson gets his big break with some help from Johnny Cash; music producer Sylvia Robinson assembles the Sugarhill Gang.
334	Drunk History	Baltimore	Comedy	7.0	Abraham Lincoln tries to stay alive on the way to his inauguration; Francis Scott Key pens "The Star-Spangled Banner"; Edgar Allan Poe clashes with Rufus Griswold.
334	Drunk History	Charleston	Comedy	7.0	Charles Sumner is beaten on the Senate floor; Judge J. Waties Waring advocates for civil rights; a slave named Robert Smalls commandeers a Confederate ship and sails it to his freedom.
334	Drunk History	Hollywood	Comedy	7.0	Orson Welles' "Citizen Kane" angers publisher William Randolph Hearst; animator Ub Iwerks helps Walt Disney create Mickey Mouse; Nancy Reagan urges her husband to get into politics.
334	Drunk History	Hawaii	Comedy	7.0	British explorer James Cook socializes with the natives in Hawaii; future senator Daniel Inouye fights in World War II; surfer Eddie Aikau earns a reputation for riding big waves.
334	Drunk History	Philadelphia	Comedy	7.0	Baron von Steuben whips Washington's army into shape, longtime friends John Adams and Thomas Jefferson break ties, and Benedict Arnold becomes a British spy.
334	Drunk History	Sports Heroes	Comedy	7.0	Frances Cleveland uses her public image for good, Edith Wilson acts as president after her husband has a stroke, and Dolley Madison saves American artifacts from destruction.
334	Drunk History	First Ladies	Comedy	7.0	Frances Cleveland uses her public image for good, Edith Wilson acts as president after her husband has a stroke, and Dolley Madison saves American artifacts from destruction.
334	Drunk History	New Jersey	Comedy	7.0	Paleontologists Othniel Marsh and Edward Cope become rivals, and Penzias & Wilson discover the echo of the Big Bang. Featuring Greg Kinnear, Stephen Merchant, Justin Long, Jason Ritter, Tony Hale and Christopher Meloni.
335	Sherlock	Sherlock	Drama	9.3	Sherlock Holmes and Dr John Watson's adventures in 21st Century London. A thrilling, funny, fast-paced contemporary reimagining of the Arthur Conan Doyle classic. Made by Hartswood Films.
335	Sherlock	A Study in Pink	Drama	9.3	A war hero, invalided home from Afghanistan, meets a strange but charismatic genius who is looking for a flatmate - it is London in 2010, and Dr Watson and Sherlock Holmes are meeting for the first time. A string of impossible suicides has Scotland Yard baffled - and only one man can help.
335	Sherlock	The Blind Banker	Drama	9.3	A mysterious cipher is being scrawled on the walls around London. The first person to see the cipher is dead within hours of reading it. Sherlock plunges into a world of codes and symbols, consulting with London's best graffiti artists. He soon learns that the city is in the grip a gang of international smugglers, a secret society called the Black Lotus.
335	Sherlock	The Great Game	Drama	9.3	A strange clue in an empty room, a blood-soaked car, a priceless Old Master, a deranged bomber. With the clock ticking, the curtain rises on a battle of wits between Sherlock, John and the shadowy stranger who seems to know all the answers...
335	Sherlock	A Scandal in Belgravia	Drama	9.3	Rejoin the 21st-century team of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson as they battle the worst that modern criminality has to offer.
335	Sherlock	The Hounds of Baskerville	Drama	9.3	Watch Sherlock and Watson pursue information about research on genetically engineered animals for military use.
335	Sherlock	The Reichenbach Fall	Drama	9.3	Watch as Moriarty poses the "final problem" and a tabloid reporter reveals the "shocking truth" about Sherlock.
335	Sherlock	The Empty Hearse	Drama	9.3	'Just one more miracle, Sherlock. Stop being dead.' Two years after the devastating events of The Reichenbach Fall, Dr John Watson has got on with his life. New horizons, romance and a comforting domestic future beckon. But with London under threat of a huge terrorist attack, Sherlock Holmes is about to rise from the grave with all the theatricality that comes so naturally to him. It's what his best friend wanted more than anything, but for John Watson it might well be a case of 'be careful what you wish for!' If Sherlock thinks everything will be just as he left it, though, he is in for a very big surprise...
335	Sherlock	The Sign of Three	Drama	9.3	Sherlock faces his biggest challenge of all - delivering a best man's speech on John's wedding day.
335	Sherlock	His Last Vow	Drama	9.3	Learn how Conan Doyle's Victorian super-sleuth became the hit television show "Sherlock."
336	Marvel's Agent Carter	Marvel's Agent Carter	Action	8.1	Marvel's Agent Carter starring Captain America's Hayley Atwell follows the story of Peggy Carter. It's 1946, and peace has dealt Peggy Carter a serious blow as she finds herself marginalized when the men return home from fighting abroad. Working for the covert SSR (Strategic Scientific Reserve), Peggy must balance doing administrative work and going on secret missions for Howard Stark all while trying to navigate life as a single woman in America, in the wake of losing the love of her life—Steve Rogers. Inspired by the feature films Captain America: The First Avenger and Captain America: The Winter Soldier, along with the short Marvel One-Shot: Agent Carter.
336	Marvel's Agent Carter	Now is Not the End	Action	8.1	In the premiere episode, "Pilot," when old acquaintance Howard Stark finds himself being framed for unleashing his deadliest weapons to anyone willing to pony up the cash, he contacts Peggy -- the only person he can trust -- to track down those responsible, dispose of the weapons and clear his name. He empowers his butler, Edwin Jarvis, to be at her beck and call when needed to help assist her as she investigates and tracks down those responsible for selling these weapons of mass destruction. If caught going on these secret missions for Stark, Peggy could be targeted as a traitor and spend the rest of her days in prison - or worse.
336	Marvel's Agent Carter	Bridge And Tunnel	Action	8.1	In the episode, "Bridge and Tunnel," Howard Stark's deadliest weapon has fallen into enemy hands, and only Agent Carter can recover it. But can she do so before her undercover mission is discovered by SSR Chief Dooley and Agent Thompson?
336	Marvel's Agent Carter	Time And Tide	Action	8.1	As Agent Carter closes in on Howard Stark's stolen technology, Peggy's secret mission could unravel when the SSR arrests Jarvis and a secret is revealed.
336	Marvel's Agent Carter	The Blitzkrieg Button	Action	8.1	Peggy may be in more trouble than usual when fugitive Howard Stark suddenly returns for mysterious reasons. And Chief Dooley chases a new clue all the way to Europe that threatens to destroy Peggy's future at the SSR.
336	Marvel's Agent Carter	The Iron Ceiling	Action	8.1	Peggy is finally trusted with a mission and calls upon her trusted Howling Commandos squad for backup. But her cover could be at risk when SSR Chief Dooley also sends Agent Thompson with her.
336	Marvel's Agent Carter	A Sin to Err	Action	8.1	Peggy discovers the shocking truth about Leviathan but doesn't realize that her true enemies are even closer than she imagined. Meanwhile, Souza is close to confirming the truth about Peggy and may just put her in the crosshairs of the SSR.
336	Marvel's Agent Carter	Snafu	Action	8.1	Peggy is cornered and more vulnerable than ever as Leviathan makes their move against her. As the SSR zeroes in on Howard Stark, they may pay the ultimate price as they find their true enemy is closer than they realized.
336	Marvel's Agent Carter	Valediction	Action	8.1	Peggy faces the full fury of Leviathan, as Howard Stark makes his return in the explosive season finale.
338	Secrets & Lies	Secrets & Lies	Drama	8.4	Ben Garner is about to go from Good Samaritan to murder suspect, after he discovers the body of his neighbor's young son in the woods. As Detective Andrea Cornell digs for the truth, the secrets and lies of this town come to the surface and no one is above suspicion.
338	Secrets & Lies	The Trail	Drama	8.4	Ben is out for his usual morning jog when he comes upon the body of young Tom Murphy. After the news begins to spread throughout town, Detective Cornell, who's been assigned to the case, pays Ben a visit for routine questioning. In the blink of an eye, Ben quickly turns from Good Samaritan to murder suspect. As the formidable detective searches for the facts, the media hone in on Ben and his family, and he struggles to escape from the pressure. From that point on, Ben's life is turned upside down as he sets out on a complicated journey to prove his innocence.
338	Secrets & Lies	The Father	Drama	8.4	Ben decides to take matters into his own hands by investigating those that were closest to Tom after receiving shocking information about the case from Detective Cornell. Jess, Tom's mother, propels Ben in the direction of her estranged husband, Scott, who she believes may be his killer. At home, Ben's family continues to drift apart when he overhears his oldest daughter, Natalie, on a suspicious phone call. Later, the family attends Tom's funeral where the media continues to harass Ben and he is the focus of excruciating attention by the community. When the Crawford family returns home, one of Ben's dark secrets is revealed in stunning fashion.
338	Secrets & Lies	The Affair	Drama	8.4	As the holidays approach, Ben Crawford tries in vain to keep his family together after a shameful public revelation that makes him look even more guilty. While under scrutiny from the entire neighborhood, Ben makes a startling discovery about a piece of evidence that could be used to implicate him in Tom's murder. Ben's life continues to unravel when another personal bombshell rocks the Crawford household. Quickly running out of people to trust, how long can Ben hold it together while maintaining his innocence?.
338	Secrets & Lies	The Sister	Drama	8.4	Ben uncovers the truth about Natalie's whereabouts two nights before Tom died when she supposedly was babysitting the young boy, leading Ben to confront his neighbors, Dr. and Vanessa Richardson. After learning about the strange circumstances surrounding the death of their son, a suspicious Ben is convinced that they possibly were involved in Tom's death. Additionally, there are other shocking revelations that come to light about the seemingly well-intentioned couple that lead to a stunning outcome. In other developments in the investigation, Cornell confirms the murder weapon and then springs another bombshell on Ben, who still can't recall his actions the night Tom died.
338	Secrets & Lies	The Jacket	Drama	8.4	While attempting to help his neighbor's autistic son Matt Daly, Ben stumbles upon a crucial piece of evidence related to Tom's murder. This leads Ben to suspect the Daly family of wrongdoing and confront them regarding their involvement in the death of Tom. In doing so, yet even more secrets and lies are revealed on Chelsea Bay Drive. Meanwhile, a new threat emerges in Ben's life, and it's far more dangerous than he realizes.
338	Secrets & Lies	The Confession	Drama	8.4	The vigilante stalking Ben ups the ante and begins a dangerous game of cat and mouse. Desperate about his family's safety, Ben begrudgingly accepts Detective Cornell's offer of protection for Christy and his daughters, while refusing any police surveillance for himself. Having temporarily moved in with his friend and confidante Dave, Ben thinks he has managed to escape Cornell's laser-like focus for a while, only to find that he is forced to re-live his past mistakes while fighting for his life.
338	Secrets & Lies	The Cop	Drama	8.4	Ben visits a prison inmate who provides information that might prove Detective Cornell is pushing the boundaries of the law. With the "help" of Arthur Fenton, Ben attempts to bring Cornell down, but an anonymous tip puts the spotlight back on Ben as the prime suspect, and the Crawford family finally collapses under the strain.
338	Secrets & Lies	The Son	Drama	8.4	All alone on Christmas Eve, Ben must face the fact that Detective Cornell has uncovered damning video evidence that practically guarantees he will be charged with Tom's death -- unless he can remember what happened that fateful night. Along with Dave, a desperate Ben retraces his steps, searching for any clue that might jog his memory and clear his name. Meanwhile, the Crawford's marriage is falling into total disarray, and Natalie and Abby are caught in the crossfire of Christy and Ben's increasingly nasty verbal battles. Ben's lawyer, John Garner, comes up with an alternative theory of the murder, which leads to a shocking discovery and more secrets and lies from those closest to Ben.
338	Secrets & Lies	The Mother	Drama	8.4	Ben's discovery in the attic further exacerbates his tension with Christy, who, to make matters worse, continues to keep the kids away from him. When Ben finally does get some much needed father-daughter time with Abby at the Christmas fair, an unwelcome guest changes the course of the evening. Meanwhile, after the leak in the crime lab left most of the forensic evidence in Tom's case unusable, Det. Cornell refuses to sit idly by and wait for everything to be re-tested. She returns to the crime scene, hoping to find something new to drive her towards an arrest.
338	Secrets & Lies	The Lie	Drama	8.4	Certain that he is not responsible for Tom's death, Ben tries to finally relax and enjoy the Christmas that he missed with his family -- until a shocking discovery changes his plans. Meanwhile, with the evidence having been re-tested, Cornell puts all the pieces together and prepares to make an arrest. But in the stunning conclusion, Ben makes a decision that will change his family's life forever. The nightmare is only just starting.
339	American Crime	American Crime	Drama	7.0	All over the news are reports about a young couple in Modesto, California, who were attacked in their home. The case sends shock waves into the community stirring up tensions across racial lines in this gritty drama.
339	American Crime	Episode One	Drama	7.0	Though the suspects fit a profile, they and their situations are far more complicated than anyone would have initially believed... as is true for the victims themselves. As Russ and Barb Skokie - divorced and estranged - arrive to both bury their son Matt, and seek a measure of justice for his killing, they discover their son may have been far from an innocent bystander in his own murder. Told from the points of view of all those involved, this new drama examines preconceptions on faith, family, gender, race, class and other aspects of our social experience with an approach and perspectives historically underserved in media.
339	American Crime	Episode Two	Drama	7.0	Thirty-six hours have passed and reality is starting to sink in for all sides. Barb and Russ must come face-to-face with the suspects, Carter and Aubry, for the first time at the arraignment hearing. For Aubry and Carter, the hearing is their first opportunity to see one another since being arrested. Elsewhere, Tony finds himself terrified and alone as he gets placed into juvenile detention. The gravity of the situation weighs heavy on his father, Alonzo. Hector's legal troubles are compounded when the investigators discover an existing warrant for his arrest in Mexico. With more unsettling facts being uncovered about Matt and Gwen, relations between Barb and Russ, and Tom and Eve grow increasingly strained as they disagree on where Matt's body should be buried.
339	American Crime	Episode Three	Drama	7.0	Nearly a month after the arraignment of the accused, the emotional complications of all involved continue to deepen. Carter's sister Aliyah, a devout Muslim, arrives to support her brother despite their strained relationship, and her stark disapproval of his involvement with Aubry. Simultaneously, Alonzo receives an update about Tony's case that sheds light on his family life which makes him question himself as a good father. Hector's troubles compound when he's recognized by a fellow gang member and his loyalty is tested. Barb continues her relentless fight for justice and works with Nancy Straumberg, who is the head of a Victim's Rights Group to try and get another hate crime charge added against Carter.
339	American Crime	Episode Four	Drama	7.0	Russ and Barb's youngest son, Mark, arrives in Modesto in support of his estranged parents. At the same time, the families of both victims begin to lose control of their emotions as they hear that Carter's defense team has been granted a bail hearing due to new information. Carter's sister, Aliyah, makes it clear to Carter that he must follow her conditions and stay away from Aubry, whose parents pressure her to attend an NA meeting. Meanwhile, Tony is processed out of juvenile hall on a probationary release and into Alonzo's care
339	American Crime	Episode Five	Drama	7.0	Soon after Carter is released from bail, he and Aubry reunite. In a desperate attempt to keep him from facing trial and possible execution, she cuts his ankle bracelet and forces him to make a run for the Canadian border. Meanwhile, after Matt's funeral in Oakland, Mark finally has the courage tell Barb that he is engaged to a woman she may not approve of. Alonzo continues his struggle to rebuild his relationship with his son after Tony is released from juvenile hall.
339	American Crime	Episode Six	Drama	7.0	Following Carter and Aubry's failed attempt to flee the country, Barb becomes more dogged in her fight for justice and turns to media outlets to bring more attention to her son's case. Aubry is held in hospitalized care and continues to push her family and the authorities away. Back behind bars, Carter's situation worsens and Aliyah is desperate for contact with him. Elsewhere, Tony takes drastic measures to find out who attacked his sister and make him pay. With pressure mounting, Detective Palmer and DDA Soderbergh turn to Hector for the damning testimony they are looking for. However, a significant piece of evidence is uncovered that changes everything for the prosecution.
339	American Crime	Episode Seven	Drama	7.0	While Carter sits in solitary confinement, Aubry blindsides her family when asked to testify against Carter in order to stay out of jail. Meanwhile, an incriminating video leads to Tony being re-arrested and sent back to juvenile detention. Elsewhere, Mark's fiancé Richelle (Gwendoline Yeo) arrives in Modesto and meets Barb, who unashamedly questions her plans to marry Mark. Aliyah meets with a new investigator who provides her with damaging information that could help Carter. Once the prosecution refuses to hear this new evidence, she becomes determined to hold a peaceful demonstration in support of her brother.
339	American Crime	Episode Eight	Drama	7.0	As news of Aliyah's organized march for Carter's cause spreads, tensions and emotions within the community rise. The city tries to stifle the demonstration and the DA attempts to offer Carter a plea deal. Demonized and the target of violent threats, Barb refuses to back down and desperately rallies her own group of supporters to attend the march. Once again placed in juvenile detention, Tony could be charged as an adult. Alonzo urges him to testify against Carter to gain some leniency. Hector reconnects with his girlfriend and promises to turn his life around for her and their daughter. Unemployed and out of options, Russ turns to Mark for help in allowing him to move into Matt and Gwen's house.
339	American Crime	Episode Nine	Drama	7.0	Following the march in support of Carter that erupted in violence, Aliyah and her lawyer use the turn in public opinion to leave the court no choice but to move up Carter's preliminary examination date. Emotions felt by the families on both sides of the case come to a head when Aubry's mother, Ruth, sets up a meeting with Aliyah. Meanwhile, Russ continues to work on Matt and Gwen's house as a means to fill a void created by his regretful decision to abandon his family years previously. Desperate to do everything he can for a now fearful Tony in juvenile detention, Alonzo turns to an unlikely source for help. After Aubry receives news from Carter, she is left feeling emotionally distraught. She makes the decision to completely change the course of the case by going on record with an incendiary statement.
339	American Crime	Episode Ten	Drama	7.0	Revelations from Aubry's recent statements have far-reaching implications as new and damaging allegations against Matt Skokie's role in the incident come to light. This setback is finally one that from which Barb will be unable to recover, leaving Russ to pick up the fight. Carter is handed a new lease on life while Hector's prospects turn for the worst after Aubry's account renders his testimony regarding Carter and the murder weapon inconsequential. Hector's immediately deported and turned over to the Mexican authorities. Elsewhere, though Alonzo struggles to find character witnesses for Tony's upcoming hearing, his family unifies.
339	American Crime	Episode Eleven	Drama	7.0	In the provocative, heart stopping season finale, the criminal case comes to a shocking close for all those involved as we see each life forever altered by this incident. Charged with emotions and unexpected twists, certain journeys will end while others begin.
340	The Librarians	The Librarians	Comedy	7.3	Four ordinary people from around the world are selected to work for the LIbrary, an ancient order dedicated to solving supernatural mysteries and protecting the innocent from the secret magical world all around us.
340	The Librarians	And the Crown of King Arthur	Comedy	7.3	Someone is killing off potential Librarians and it's up to Flynn Carsen and his new Guardian, Colonel Eve Baird, to save the three that are left.
340	The Librarians	And the Sword in the Stone	Comedy	7.3	The Serpent Brotherhood is trying to return magic to our world. Flynn, Colonel Baird, and the potential Librarians must stop them before it's too late.
340	The Librarians	And the Horns of a Dilemma	Comedy	7.3	The Librarians' first solo mission hits a snag when Baird loses the others in a mysterious Labyrinth that magically exists below the skyscraper of a modern corporation.
340	The Librarians	And Santa's Midnight Run	Comedy	7.3	When the Serpent Brotherhood wants to kill Santa, the Librarians must rescue him and help him accomplish the true, secret purpose of Christmas.
340	The Librarians	And the Apple of Discord	Comedy	7.3	When the dragons sleeping beneath the earth threaten to awaken and wreak havoc around the world, Flynn returns to help find their hidden treasure.
340	The Librarians	And the Fables of Doom	Comedy	7.3	The Librarians travel to a town where fairy tales are coming to life - and attacking.
340	The Librarians	And the Rule of Three	Comedy	7.3	When a group of competitive high-school students start undercutting each other with witchcraft, the Librarians have to intercede before disaster destroys them all.
340	The Librarians	And the Heart of Darkness	Comedy	7.3	The Librarians encounter the House behind the legend of ALL haunted houses and set out to destroy it.
340	The Librarians	And the City of Light	Comedy	7.3	Missing-person investigation uncovers what appears to be an alien invasion in a small rural town.
340	The Librarians	And the Loom of Fate	Comedy	7.3	When Dulaque changes the course of Fate, Baird starts moving through alternate timelines, each showing the changing destinies of the Librarians - and her own inevitable doom.
341	Aquarius	Aquarius	Drama	7.4	It's 1967 and the era of free love, drug experimentation and Vietnam is in full effect. When the teenage daughter of a respected lawyer goes missing, LA Police Sergeant Sam Hodiak starts asking around. He soon discovers that the hippie kids he's questioning don't take kindly to cops, especially one with hair as short as his. Needing the help of someone they trust, he partners with rebellious undercover cop Brian Shafe, a man who's more comfortable rolling a joint than patrolling a beat. It's not long before they stumble upon a small-time cult leader seeking out vulnerable women to join his cause. From there, they follow this man's trail down a rabbit hole of drugs, sex, murder and cultural revolution.
341	Aquarius	Everybody's Been Burned	Drama	7.4	In the premiere episode, LAPD Detective Sam Hodiak and undercover officer Brian Shafe begin the search for a missing teenage girl, Emma Karn, who has fallen under the spell of infamous cult leader Charles Manson
341	Aquarius	The Hunter Gets Captured by the Game	Drama	7.4	Hodiak and Shafe clash when they investigate the murder of an elderly woman. Meanwhile, Manson coerces Emma's father to introduce him to a music executive.
341	Aquarius	Never Say Never to Always	Drama	7.4	Drug dealer Art Gladner is found murdered, and the chief suspect is Shafe's snitch, Mike Vickery. Hodiak agrees to help Shafe exonerate Vickery. In exchange, Shafe takes rookie Charmain Tully undercover into the Manson Family to find out where Manson has Emma. They succeed, but not without consequences, especially for Charmain. Michaela McManus,
341	Aquarius	Home Is Where You're Happy	Drama	7.4	Hodiak investigates Art Gladner's murder through his late wife Lucille, who runs a burlesque club. Manson hides Emma but Hodiak, under pressure from Grace, ultimately finds her and brings her home.
341	Aquarius	A Change Is Gonna Come	Drama	7.4	Emma runs away from home in the midst of the chaos and Hodiak pays Manson a visit and gives him a near-fatal beating.
341	Aquarius	A whiter Shade of Pale	Drama	7.4	Charlie recovers from his beating; Charmain finds a case; Hodiak seeks the man who's been harassing Shafe's family; Shafe helps Hodiak get a message to his son.
341	Aquarius	Cease to Resist	Drama	7.4	Hodiak investigates the murder of a Hollywood star but hits a wall when the powerful movie studio wants the case to remain unsolved. Emma and Sadie meet a special person from Manson's past.
341	Aquarius	Sick City	Drama	7.4	Karn goes to great lengths to bury his secrets; failing to impress a record producer, Manson takes his disappointment out on his family; Shafe catches a tough break; Hodiak loses an old friend.
341	Aquarius	Why?	Drama	7.4	Charmain's first ride-along ends when her fellow officers are gunned down, the first in a series of cop killings. Her resolve is put to the test as Hodiak and Shafe enlist the Panthers to help find the shooter.
341	Aquarius	It's Alright Ma.	Drama	7.4	Charlie tests Emma's loyalty; Shafe passes muster on the Guapo case; after his first acid trip, courtesy of Manson, Hodiak helps a fellow detective with a secret.
341	Aquarius	Your Mother Should Know	Drama	7.4	Trust is an issue when Bunchy asks Hodiak to solve his brother's murder; the Hodiak family comes together to help Walt; Guapo puts Shafe to work; Charlie's mother visits; Sadie sets up Emma.
341	Aquarius	(Please Let Me Love You and) It Won't Be Wrong	Drama	7.4	Emma's absence is felt when the Manson family makes a documentary; Hodiak makes a deal with Ken Karn to save his son.
341	Aquarius	Old Ego Is a Too Much Thing	Drama	7.4	In the Season 1 finale, Emma returns to the family just as Mary goes into labor; Hodiak's deal for Walt goes south; the conclusion to Hodiak and Shafe's murder investigation has unforeseen consequences; Karn takes care of an old problem.
342	Louie	Louie	Comedy	8.7	Louie is a comedy filtered through the observational humor of Louis C.K. Each episode puts a spotlight on Louis' hectic life as a successful stand-up comedian and newly single father raising his two daughters. The single-camera comedy is a mix of Louis C.K.'s stand-up comedy and scripted short films.
342	Louie	Pilot	Comedy	8.7	Louie goes on a date as well as a field trip with his daughters. Both go badly.
342	Louie	Poker / Divorce	Comedy	8.7	Louie and his friends have a discussion about homosexuality with a gay friend during a poker game. After Louie's divorce is finalized, he looks up a woman he had a "moment" with back in school.
342	Louie	Dr. Ben/Nick	Comedy	8.7	Louie goes to the doctor and argues with an old friend.
342	Louie	So Old/Playdate	Comedy	8.7	Louie's age is an advantage and he sets up a play date.
342	Louie	Travel Day/South	Comedy	8.7	Louie goes on a trip. Louie plays the South.
342	Louie	Heckler/Cop Movie	Comedy	8.7	Louie reluctantly acts in a movie.
342	Louie	Double Date/Mom	Comedy	8.7	Louie's brother comes to him with an odd request related to his date, and Louie's mom comes to tell him that she is a lesbian.
342	Louie	Dogpound	Comedy	8.7	While the kids are away, Louie eats a lot of ice cream, gets high with a neighbor, and rescues an old dog from the pound.
342	Louie	Bully	Comedy	8.7	Louie recalls his awkward sex education lessons as a child, and a high school bully threatens Louie in a donut shop and ruins his date.
342	Louie	Dentist/Tarese	Comedy	8.7	Louie tries to overcome his fear of dentists, and tries to get a date with an African American grocery cashier.
342	Louie	God	Comedy	8.7	Louie recalls a traumatic lesson from Catholic school about Jesus dying for his sins.
342	Louie	Gym	Comedy	8.7	Louie fantasizes about a TV news anchor, and winds up in the hospital after working out with his new personal trainer.
342	Louie	Night Out	Comedy	8.7	Louie goes out for the night.
342	Louie	Pregnant	Comedy	8.7	Louie gets a surprise visit from his pregnant sister, who has to be rushed to the hospital in the middle of the night with severe pains.
342	Louie	Bummer / Blueberries	Comedy	8.7	Louie witnesses a bum's death on his way to a date, and gets propositioned for casual sex by a single mom at his daughter's school.
342	Louie	Moving	Comedy	8.7	Louie has trouble finding a nice apartment, and when he finally finds a home he wants to buy, it is impossibly out of his price range.
342	Louie	Joan	Comedy	8.7	Louie quits a lounge gig at an Atlantic City casino after a bad night and winds up hanging out with Joan Rivers.
342	Louie	Country Drive	Comedy	8.7	When Louis decides to visit his great aunt, he takes his kids on a country drive to visit her. But when he arrives his kids and him notice her past self and devastating news.
342	Louie	Subway / Pamela	Comedy	8.7	Louie rides the subway and hangs out with his friend.
342	Louie	Oh Louie / Tickets	Comedy	8.7	Louie remembers his past career failures and tries to get concert tickets for his daughter.
342	Louie	Come On, God	Comedy	8.7	Louie explores one of his lifelong habits.
342	Louie	Eddie	Comedy	8.7	Louie reunites with an old friend.
342	Louie	Halloween / Ellie	Comedy	8.7	Halloween is in the air and Louis and his kids go trick or treating. But when they go trick or treating, Louis and his kids meet some very bad people, in which Louis has to fend off to protect him and his kids.
342	Louie	Duckling	Comedy	8.7	Louie leaves for Afghanistan to entertain the troops, but he doesn't know that one of his daughters left him a surprise in his suitcase.
342	Louie	Niece	Comedy	8.7	Louie takes care of his niece while her mother leaves for Philadelphia, but he has no idea how to communicate with her.
342	Louie	New Jersey / Airport	Comedy	8.7	Louie has a pretty bad time in general.
342	Louie	Something Is Wrong	Comedy	8.7	Louie has a challenging day.
342	Louie	Telling Jokes/Set Up	Comedy	8.7	Louie has dinner at a friend's house.
342	Louie	Miami	Comedy	8.7	Louie goes to Miami.
342	Louie	Daddy's Girlfriend Part 1	Comedy	8.7	Louie is looking for a mate.
342	Louie	Daddy's Girlfriend Part 2	Comedy	8.7	Louie goes on a date.
342	Louie	Barney/ Never	Comedy	8.7	A guy dies, Louie meets a comedian, and has a bad day with a bad kid.
342	Louie	Ikea/Piano Lesson	Comedy	8.7	Louie takes an old friend shopping and has a bit of an emergency.
342	Louie	Dad	Comedy	8.7	Louie gets a rash.
342	Louie	Looking for Liz / Lilly Changes	Comedy	8.7	Louie searches for a lost love and then for his daughter.
342	Louie	Late Show Part 1	Comedy	8.7	Louie gets a break. Maybe.
342	Louie	Late Show Part 2	Comedy	8.7	Louie begins a quest.
342	Louie	Late Show Part 3	Comedy	8.7	The final in a 3 Episode story.
342	Louie	New Year's Eve	Comedy	8.7	Louie struggles through the holidays.
342	Louie	Back	Comedy	8.7	Louie has a typical day.
342	Louie	Model	Comedy	8.7	Louie does a benefit show.
342	Louie	So Did the Fat Lady	Comedy	8.7	Louie meets somebody new.
342	Louie	Elevator Part 1	Comedy	8.7	Louie helps a neighbor.
342	Louie	Elevator Part 2	Comedy	8.7	Louie takes his new friend to lunch.
342	Louie	Elevator Part 3	Comedy	8.7	Someone from Louie's past pops up again.
342	Louie	Elevator Part 4	Comedy	8.7	Louie and Janet seek professional help.
342	Louie	Elevator Part 5	Comedy	8.7	Louie and Amia connect.
342	Louie	Elevator Part 6	Comedy	8.7	Mother nature takes control of Louie's life.
342	Louie	Pamela Part 1	Comedy	8.7	Louie on the rebound.
342	Louie	In The Woods	Comedy	8.7	Louie remembers his past.
342	Louie	Pamela Part 2	Comedy	8.7	Louie & Pamela go on a date.
342	Louie	Pamela Part 3	Comedy	8.7	Pamela & Louie.
342	Louie	Pot Luck	Comedy	8.7	Louie goes to a pot luck dinner.
342	Louie	A La Carte	Comedy	8.7	Louie hosts an open mike.
342	Louie	Cop Story	Comedy	8.7	Louie runs into an old acquaintance.
342	Louie	Bobby's House	Comedy	8.7	Bobby invites Louie over.
342	Louie	Untitled	Comedy	8.7	Jane visits the doctor.
342	Louie	Sleepover	Comedy	8.7	Jane has some friends over.
342	Louie	The Road, Part 1	Comedy	8.7	Louie goes on the road.
342	Louie	The Road, Part 2	Comedy	8.7	Louie continues his work on the road.
343	Atlantis	Atlantis	Adventure	7.5	A fantasy drama set in a world of legendary heroes and mythical creatures. Far from home, Jason washes up on the shores of the ancient and mysterious city of Atlantis.
343	Atlantis	The Earth Bull	Adventure	7.5	When Jason goes in search of his father, he washes up on the shores of a strange and mysterious land. A world of mythical creatures, soothsaying oracles and palaces so vast it was said they were built by giants; this is the lost city of Atlantis. But it seems the newcomer has chosen the wrong time to arrive in the fabled realm, and Jason soon finds himself at the mercy of a deadly ritual, from which there is no escape...
343	Atlantis	A Girl By Any Other Name	Adventure	7.5	Despite their newfound fame after slaying the Minotaur, the boys are still penniless and hungry. When an old man asks them to find his missing daughter, things seem on the up, but it soon becomes clear that their task will not be an easy one; she has been taken by the Maenads, fanatical worshippers of the god Dionysus. With the hopes and life of the old man fading, it is a race against time that Jason cannot turn his back on. But just when their perilous task seems at an end, he comes face-to-face with a stranger named Medusa.
343	Atlantis	A Boy of No Consequence	Adventure	7.5	After crossing a young nobleman, Jason and his friends find themselves at the mercy of King Minos, who declares Poseidon will decide their fate: they are to become bull leapers. To survive, they must jump the charging beast. With their lives on the line, it is up to Jason to pull his motley team together in this ultimate test of bravery. But watching from the crowds is a dark force who hopes to turn the favour of the Gods against them.
343	Atlantis	Twist of Fate	Adventure	7.5	Whilst hunting in the mountains, the boys stumble across an abandoned baby. Jason refuses to leave the child to die and insists he return home with them to Atlantis. But this charitable act has far-reaching implications, and the gang soon find themselves embroiled in a complicated web of secrets and lies. With their own lives now on the line as well as the child's, it seems they may well pay the ultimate price for interfering with fate.
343	Atlantis	White Lies	Adventure	7.5	When a clandestine messenger brings unexpected news from outside the city, Ariadne calls on Jason and his friends to help guide her to the source. Yet leaving the citadel without raising the suspicions of the Queen seems an insurmountable task, especially with the revelation that it is Ariadne's exiled brother Therus who has sent for her. As Heptarian and the King's guards close in on his hiding place, Ariadne must decide where her loyalties lie, in Atlantis or with her royal sibling. But Therus is determined his sister learns the truth behind his exile, exposing a plot that could overshadow the power of King Minos and bring the royal family to its knees.
343	Atlantis	The Song of the Sirens	Adventure	7.5	Desperate to win over Medusa's heart, Hercules pays a visit to a powerful witch, Circe. But events take a malevolent turn when Hercules realises he has unleashed a potent but toxic enchantment that threatens to turn his burgeoning hope into unbearable grief. With a bitter chain of events rapidly unfolding, it is up to Jason to undo history before it is too late. As he re-traces Hercules's steps into the mountains he is unaware that a deadly trap has been set for him; one with far-reaching consequences beyond the fate of just his friends.
343	Atlantis	The Rules of Engagement	Adventure	7.5	When Jason learns of Ariadne's betrothal to Heptarian, he is brokenhearted. With nothing to lose and everything to gain, he enters into a brutal fighting tournament to honour the nuptials - lining up with a bevy of terrifying contestants including the undefeated Heptarian. Determined to beat the husband-to-be and show his worthiness, it is up to Jason's loyal friends to guide him through the contest, where there are more than just broken hearts at stake.
343	Atlantis	The Furies	Adventure	7.5	The boys gain an unexpected addition to their workforce with the arrival of Pythagoras's feisty younger brother, Arcas. Charged with escorting a valuable cargo across the desert, the gang travels into the unknown with a ramshackle caravan of strangers. It is not long before their journey takes a decidedly spooky turn; after spending a night in a temple dedicated to the Furies, it soon becomes clear that one amongst their number has something to hide. As danger closes in and a dark secret is exposed, our heroes are forced to confront some uncomfortable truths as they fight for their lives under the desert sun.
343	Atlantis	Pandora's Box	Adventure	7.5	The romantic atmosphere beween Hercules and Medusa does not last long as Medusa is abruptly kidnapped by a cruel moneylender, Kyros. In exchange for Medusa's life, Kyros demands that Hercules retrieves a precious and powerful artefact from the Underworld - a task that would mean certain death.Hercules and his loyal friends face a race against time. Unless they find a way to descend to Hades and return with the artefact, they will be forced to walk among the dead forever.
343	Atlantis	The Price of Hope	Adventure	7.5	After the tragic events surrounding Medusa's disappearance, the boys pay a visit to the inventor Daedalus, whose genius offers hope of a cure. But, unwilling to wait for answers, Hercules acts on information from the unscrupulous Crios and sets off in search of his lost love. His decision soon sees the boys literally running for their lives as they become the prey in a brutal manhunt. With hopes of an escape fading fast, their courage is tested to its limit, until a lifeline comes from an unexpected source.
343	Atlantis	Hunger Pangs	Adventure	7.5	Penniless and starving, Jason cannot believe his luck when he stumbles across an abandoned feast. Temptation proves too much and he helps himself to the bounty, savouring his first proper meal in days... But it soon becomes clear that Jason's gluttony has come at a price as he begins to exhibit some seriously strange behaviour. As things spiral out of control, it falls to Hercules and Pythagoras to save their friend before Heptarian and the palace guards bring his exertions to heel for good.
343	Atlantis	Touched by the Gods: Part One	Adventure	7.5	Jason is reminded of his promise to Circe and her grim warning should he fail to honour their pact. With her threat hanging over him, he has no choice but to act - he must kill the queen. Infiltrating the palace will not only be mortally dangerous but also nigh on impossible. The heroes set out under the cover of night, but soon Jason's intentions start to unravel. As the alarm is raised, it will take more than just courage and chemistry to save his life - he needs the help of someone on the inside.
343	Atlantis	Touched by the Gods: Part Two	Adventure	7.5	Minos' health continues to fade as Pasiphae's scheming reaches its zenith. She sentences Ariadne to a gruesome execution not even the worst of enemies would deserve. Now that the court's loyalty is with the queen, Jason is Ariadne's last hope. He will need all the help he can get if he and his friends are to save her life. Fortunately, there are a few in Atlantis who remain loyal to the king... As the series reaches a thrilling climax, the battle lines are drawn in Atlantis once and for all. But just as the odds seem stacked against Jason, a shocking revelation is made that exposes the past and changes the course of the future forever.
343	Atlantis	A New Dawn: Part One	Adventure	7.5	A year has passed and much has changed. With her father dead, Ariadne is queen and finds herself at war with her old adversary, Pasiphae.As the kingdom stands on the brink of collapse, the struggle for power is both bloody and brutal. With the future looking bleak, there is only one person Ariadne dares turn to for help: Jason. The time has come for the young warrior to fulfill his destiny. The battle for Atlantis has begun.
343	Atlantis	A New Dawn: Part Two	Adventure	7.5	Pasiphae lays siege to Atlantis and without the Palladium to protect it, the city looks set to fall. The last remaining hope rests with Jason, Hercules and Pythagoras, but far from home they are fighting a desperate battle of their own. As the conflict reaches its thrilling climax, nothing could have prepared Hercules for what he discovers - it throws into doubt everything he once knew to be true and is set to change the course of the future forever.
343	Atlantis	Telemon	Adventure	7.5	Ariadne is formally crowned queen, but with Pasiphae still at large and the city struggling in the aftermath of battle, Atlantis remains vulnerable indeed. So when an enigmatic stranger arrives offering salvation, he proves hard to resist. But his proposal is far from straightforward - will the cost be too much for Ariadne to bear?As Jason fights for glory on the tournament ground, Ariadne embarks on her own private battle. Her's is a contest of head over heart, but which will win out only she can decide.
343	Atlantis	The Marriage of True Minds	Adventure	7.5	As plans progress for the royal wedding, Ariadne must undertake a journey to Telemon's homeland of Aegina. With the kingdom still beset by Colcheans, Jason is not the only one who fears for the queen's safety.Determined to do what is best for her people, Ariadne continues regardless. But as the voyage progresses, it becomes clear that the royal retinue faces enemies at every turn. Has the young queen's luck finally run out?
343	Atlantis	The Day of the Dead	Adventure	7.5	As the dust settles, the gang find themselves dispersed around the ancient necropolis. And they soon realize they are not alone - the space is crawling with a magical army of the undead. The race is on to find Jason before he falls prey to the flesh-eating monsters.Elsewhere in the cave system, as Jason battles for his life, he finds an unlikely ally in the mysterious Medea. But can he really trust her?
343	Atlantis	The Grey Sisters	Adventure	7.5	As Ariadne lies on her deathbed, Jason's guilt is almost too much to bear. He resolves to do all he can to save her and embarks on a dangerous quest into the unknown.Emotions run high as Jason battles against the hand of fate. But after a daring encounter with the ancient Grey Sisters, his mission sees him come full circle, bringing him face to face with Medea and Pasiphae once more. Can he thwart their powerful magic to save his love, or do they have other plans?
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Rizzoli & Isles	Drama	8.3	RIZZOLI & ISLES follows Boston detective Jane Rizzoli and medical examiner Maura Isles, complete opposites and good friends who solve crimes and bust some of Boston's most notorious criminals. Growing up at opposite ends of the economic spectrum, the two remain strikingly different from one another in many ways. Jane, the only female detective in Boston's homicide division, is a tough and gutsy cop who doesn't let her guard down (except with Maura), dodges her overprotective mother and is better at basketball than her brother. Maura, meanwhile, is usually more comfortable among the dead than the living. She is always impeccably dressed in designer duds with a steady, sometimes icy temperament. And she is working on curbing her tendency to diagnose the people she meets – including her first dates. Jane and Maura often find themselves working together as both use their brilliant minds and expertise to figure out the "who done it" as well as the "how done it" of Boston's most complex cases. Despite their many differences, Jane and Maura are best friends, with a quirky and supportive relationship. As Tamaro explains, "That Jane and Maura are so different and yet so effective as a team makes them unusual.… There's something rare about their relationship that I see in the world but not enough on television: two smart, strong, competent women who instinctively drop the protective shield when they're with each other."
344	Rizzoli & Isles	What Doesn't Kill You	Drama	8.3	Jane and Maura's friendship suffers following the shooting of Maura's biological father, gangster Paddy Doyle. Jane also finds herself in the middle of an Internal Affairs investigation. And her relationship with Agent Dean is exposed.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Dirty Little Secret	Drama	8.3	Tensions continue to mount between Jane and Maura, causing those close to them to be caught in the middle. But they must put aside their differences when they investigate the case of a college student who died in a tunnel. Meanwhile, Frankie Sr. returns with news that upsets Angela.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	This Is How The Heart Breaks	Drama	8.3	When Maura meets a new guy named Dennis in a very unusual way, he opens up a different side of her. And Jane is filled with mixed emotions after someone from her past returns.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Welcome to the Dollhouse	Drama	8.3	Young female professionals dressed as dolls are turning up dead on the public transit system, and Jane and Maura must piece together the clues. Angela implements new ideas for the café. And Jane learns more about how Casey was injured.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Throwing Down the Gauntlet	Drama	8.3	Jane looks for a way for Maura to meet her biological mother, Dr. Hope Davis. Angela gets involved in a political campaign. And a nun from Jane and Frankie Jr.'s past returns. Matthew Del Negro and Jenny O'Hara also guest-star.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Money Maker	Drama	8.3	When a rich financier is found stuffed in a trashcan wearing a cloak and mask, Jane and Maura must figure out what happened. Meanwhile, Maura makes a deeper connection with her biological mother, Dr. Hope Davis (guest star Sharon Lawrence), and half-sister, who still doesn't know Maura is related to them.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Crazy for You	Drama	8.3	The detectives must piece together partial clues to lead them to the murderer of a husband-and-wife team of psychiatrists. Jane finds herself closer to the investigation than she realizes. Also, when the Boston Police Department hosts a seminar for Medical Examiners, one of the attendees, offers to help Jane and Maura on their case. Meanwhile, the Rizzolis have their hands full when they discover there may be a link to a pregnant stranger they've met.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Cuts Like a Knife	Drama	8.3	A bride is killed right before she walks down the aisle, and Jane and Maura must figure out if the groom's ex-girlfriend is a suspect, or if there's a deeper connection to the bride's European roots. On the homefront, Jane has a new neighbor who captures the attention of Angela, Frankie and Frost.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Home Town Glory	Drama	8.3	A boy band star returns to his roots for a show and winds up murdered. Jane and Frankie, who grew up with the victim, work hard to solve the case. Meanwhile, Jane and Maura must decide if it's time to tell Angela the truth about Lydia's pregnancy just as Angela prepares to throw her a baby shower.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Melt My Heart to Stone	Drama	8.3	When a statue breaks open to reveal a dead woman inside, Jane and Maura must find the killer quickly as the body count begins to rise. Back at headquarters, a new homicide detective is named to the squad. Meanwhile, Dennis Rockmond returns to Boston after disappearing on Maura and tries to woo her back. Lydia goes into labor.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Class Action Satisfaction	Drama	8.3	When a man having breakfast in the Division 1 Café dies from poisoning, Jane and the team must quickly find the source as Angela and the irascible Stanley both come under scrutiny. Meanwhile, Tommy wants proof that he's the biological father of Lydia's baby as she returns to take the baby back. And Detective Korsak is reunited with one of his ex-wives.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Love the Way You Lie	Drama	8.3	A famous young writer of memoirs is found dead in an apparent suicide, but Jane and Maura soon discover there's more to the story. Meanwhile, Frost becomes obsessed with an old case involving a young African American student as his final appeal is denied. And Jane discovers Angela is involved in a secret romance.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Virtual Love	Drama	8.3	The virtual world and the real world collide when a microbrewer is killed. Angela tries to move on from a failed romance by seeing someone new. And Jane and the team begin to mentor underprivileged teenagers, a move that ends in near disaster.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Over/Under	Drama	8.3	When a former college football player is stabbed inside a carwash during a fundraiser for his alma mater, Jane, Maura and the team must piece together clues to track down the killer. Meanwhile, Frost's mother visits Boston with some unexpected news. And Lt. Col. Casey Jones bumps into Jane and is forced to reveal some startling news of his own.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	No More Drama in My Life	Drama	8.3	Dr. Hope Martin returns to ask Maura for a life-altering favor. Jane worries about the impending spinal surgery for Lt. Col. Casey Jones, and Tommy shows off baby T.J. But all gets shoved to the side when a building collapses, trapping loved ones inside.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	We Are Family	Drama	8.3	Community parade turns deadly in a case that brings family tensions and politics to the forefront. Maura, who is dealing with her own family issues, is not quite herself. And a surprise visit from Lt. Col. Casey Jones reveals some shocking news.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	In Over Your Head	Drama	8.3	While investigating the homicide of an overzealous journalism student, Jane is not happy when a former colleague returns to BPD as the new lieutenant of the drug unit. But the murder she's investigating soon forces her to deal with him - and the event that wrecked their relationship. Meanwhile, an alarming tip from Cailin causes Maura to investigate Hope.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	But I am a Good Girl	Drama	8.3	TJ's christening turns grim when a body is discovered in the church. Jane almost abuses her power in order to protect Tommy when Lydia's fiancé, Stuart Stawbridge threatens to take custody of TJ, and budget cuts cause tensions to run high around the department.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Killer in High Heels	Drama	8.3	Maura becomes the key suspect in a homicide case when Maura's date turns up dead - and Maura can't remember their evening together. As the shocking evidence against Maura piles up, Jane struggles between protecting her best friend and doing her job.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Dance with the Devil	Drama	8.3	On the first day of Paddy's murder trial, Maura gains insight into her father from Hope. Korsak opens up about Cavanaugh's tragic past. And in an unexpected twist, Maura must decide which side she's on when she and Jane unravel a shocking secret about Paddy and Hope that affects them all.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Somebody's Watching Me	Drama	8.3	When a beleaguered Jane spills hot coffee on a stranger at Boston Joe's, a viral video of Jane's bad day potentially jeopardizes her career and reputation. Meanwhile, the squad rushes to solve a puzzling murder case involving a conspiracy theorist.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	All For One	Drama	8.3	Popular high school teacher is killed in a hit and run that is clearly no accident. The squad works to solve the case, but Jane is preoccupied with Lt. Martinez's apparent favoritism towards his own drug unit.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Cold As Ice	Drama	8.3	Frankie Jr. is brought in to help with a gruesome murder case involving a youth hockey league. Frustrated with Hope, Cailin asks to stay with Maura. But Maura quickly learns that living with a teenager requires skills she does not have.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	No One Mourns the Wicked	Drama	8.3	When Jane and Maura are asked to present the case of serial killer Charles Hoyt at a symposium for law enforcement, Jane worries that her greatest challenge will be facing bad memories. However, as she and Maura begin a simulation of investigating Hoyt's murders, they soon come across a horrifying discovery. In a matter of moments, the team finds themselves drawn into a lethal game of cat and mouse with a new and terrifying serial killer.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Built for Speed	Drama	8.3	When a late-night amateur drag race turns deadly, the squad works quickly to solve what turns out to be a particularly dangerous case. As evidence unfolds, Jane suspects that the motive for murder may have been an attempt to conceal drug trafficking. However, when she turns to Lt. Martinez for help he seems to be thwarting her investigation.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Judge, Jury & Executioner	Drama	8.3	Mock trial advisor dies tragically during a competition. Meanwhile, Angela's increased interest in selling brownies has Jane concerned that she may be hiding financial issues. And Tommy hires a lawyer to settle his claim against the Storrow Center.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Partners in Crime	Drama	8.3	The squad rushes to solve a violent homicide case muddled by conflicting evidence. Maura is burdened with the major decision of whether to take in her recently paroled grandfather. Meanwhile, Jane and Casey are forced to decide between their careers and their romantic relationship.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Tears of a Clown	Drama	8.3	When a kidnapper who dresses as a clown reemerges in Boston after more than 20 years, the squad is struck with fear. Desperate for clues, they dig through files from the unsolved abductions of the haunting 1988 "Summer of the Clown." Meanwhile, as Jane's relationship with Casey becomes more serious, they are forced to face the fact that one of them will have to compromise if they are to take things to the next level. Maura also finds herself in a dilemma when she inadvertently gets in the middle of another relationship.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Just Push Play	Drama	8.3	Singer and guitar player is brutally and mysteriously stabbed in a bar. As details emerge in the case, the squad soon realizes that the victim had something to hide. Meanwhile, Jane's dad returns after being gone for more than a year. And he's got some shocking news.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Food for Thought	Drama	8.3	When a food truck chef dies suddenly, all signs point to a suspicious poisoning, but many questions remain unanswered. Meanwhile Tommy announces some big plans that have Angela very excited. And Maura's birth mother, Hope, takes a bold step toward making amends with her daughter.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	You're Gonna Miss Me When I'm Gone	Drama	8.3	Homeland Security steps in when a senator's daughter is found murdered. The squad rushes to solve the case, which could put national security at risk. Meanwhile, Tommy and Frankie get into a fight after Tommy starts slipping back into bad old habits. And Jane reveals some shocking news that could change her life forever.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	A New Day	Drama	8.3	Solving the murder of a jogger takes on even greater urgency when Jane realizes that the motive was theft... of the woman's baby. As the investigation gets underway, Jane attempts to hide her pregnancy from her snooping mother, and Maura and Frankie face the aftermath of their kiss.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	...Goodbye	Drama	8.3	Woman walks into the station covered in blood, carrying a gun, and saying she killed someone. Unfortunately, the trauma of what she did caused her to forget who she is or who the victim is. The team tries to unravel this bizarre case as they deal with the loss of close friend and colleague, Det. Barry Frost.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Too Good to be True	Drama	8.3	Killer is using online ads to find the perfect candidate for murder: men no one will notice are missing. Meanwhile, Jane discovers that keeping her pregnancy quiet will be a tough assignment.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Doomsday	Drama	8.3	When a man is found murdered inside his supposedly impenetrable doomsday fallout shelter, the squad must figure out how and why he was targeted. Jane finds it difficult to focus on the case when she discovers Korsak is looking into retirement and Frankie is keeping a secret of his own.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	The Best Laid Plans	Drama	8.3	The team investigates the murder of a wealthy woman with terminal cancer and only a few months left to live. And when Maura teaches a class, she meets a man who might be her Mr. Right, but she is torn between the doubts of her scientific mind and the instincts of her heart.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Knockout	Drama	8.3	With Maura at a Medical Examiner's convention, Jane needs Susie's help and crime scene dioramas to solve the perfect murder. Meanwhile, Korsak is visited by the son of an old friend and forced to deal with painful unfinished business.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Boston Keltic	Drama	8.3	The murder of a rare bookseller brings Jane and Maura into the world of Keltic writings and coded confessions, just as Maura is preparing Jane to meet her new man. Angela's relationship with Cavanaugh changes pace.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Lost & Found	Drama	8.3	The team races against time to find a young witness to the contract killing of a woman outside of a nightclub. Ultimately, Jane puts herself in the line of fire to save this witness' life.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	It Takes a Village	Drama	8.3	Mummified remains of a woman put the team's investigative skills to the test. Jane works from her hospital room as she, with Maura's and her family's support, seeks to recover from a devastating loss.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Phoenix Rising	Drama	8.3	The team helps Korsak investigate an old case that has gone very, very cold. Jane refuses to believe that she's not ready to go back on duty and takes some untraditional steps to stay involved.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	If You Can't Stand the Heat	Drama	8.3	In the middle of a heat wave, Jane and Maura find a man who died suspiciously in a bathtub full of ice. In trying to stay cool, Angela discovers a spicy tea that seems to be working, but it has unexpected romantic consequences.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Burden of Proof	Drama	8.3	Notable county prosecutor is arrested for murder, and as the case against him grows increasingly strong, Jane begins to doubt he did it. Angela nominates herself to educate Maura on the interests of kids today when she hears Maura is going to meet Jack's 12-year-old daughter.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Bridge To Tomorrow	Drama	8.3	After Jane jumps from a bridge to save a prosecutor suspected of his murdering his mistress, Maura is terrified that she has lost her best friend. The squad must now renew the search to find the real killer. Meanwhile, Angela enlists Frankie's help as she applies to new jobs.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Foot Loose	Drama	8.3	When a severed human foot washes up on shore, the squad is called in to identify the victim and track down the murderer as more body parts are found. After an unsuccessful job hunt, Angela finds she enjoys helping out Korsak at the Dirty Robber.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Gumshoe	Drama	8.3	The squad is forced to join forces with an over-eager private investigator when a successful clothing designer is found poisoned and his wife reported missing. Jane notices Angela is spending too much money and asks Maura to teach her mom how to handle her finances.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	In Plain View	Drama	8.3	After a man is found bludgeoned to death on the side of the road, Jane and the squad team up with another detective who believes he is hunting the same roadside killer. Meanwhile, Maura discovers she has had her identity stolen and recruits Angela to help track down the culprit.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Bite out of Crime	Drama	8.3	The squad works overtime hunting down a serial killer sniper. Maura befriends a witness to the crime, who happens to suffer from a mental condition that has him believing he is a wolf.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Family Matters	Drama	8.3	When a woman finds her husband has been murdered, the ensuing investigation reveals that the victim may have been living a double life.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	The Platform	Drama	8.3	When it appears one of our own shot an unarmed man on a busy Boston subway platform, the team must fight to find the real killer while clearing our detective's name. But with Internal Affairs breathing down our necks, it becomes clear that the circumstances surrounding this shooting are anything but clear.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Bassholes	Drama	8.3	Jane and Maura find themselves submerged in the cutthroat, high stakes world of competitive bass fishing when a tournament-leading fisherman is killed. At the same time, Frankie is paying the price after losing a bet.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Deadly Harvest	Drama	8.3	A murder victim is discovered in a shallow grave at an academic research facility dedicated to studying human decomposition. Meanwhile, Angela hides secrets from Jane.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Imitation Game	Drama	8.3	The murder of a notorious thief sends Jane and Maura into the world of art heists and forgery, and forces Jane to tango with an F.B.I. Agent who has a keen interest in her case. There's also a new man in Angela's life.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Misconduct	Drama	8.3	The murder of a crime tech sends shockwaves throughout the team. When suspicions arise that the tech had tampered with evidence for BPD cases, Maura is suspended from her position. Jane is determined to catch the killer and clear the department so Maura can be reinstated.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Face Value	Drama	8.3	A murder witness has to deal with a condition that is known as facial recognition blindness.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	A Bad Seed Grows	Drama	8.3	Jane and Maura have to try and overcome some difficult obstacles to locate the killer of a 16-year-old girl.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Nice to Meet You, Dr. Isles	Drama	8.3	When the jeweler to Boston's super cool and famous dies, our investigation leads us to a member of the Isles family we've never met. And that leads us to a secret Maura has been keeping for almost all of her life.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Love Taps	Drama	8.3	The murder of a college student takes an odd turn when Jane and Maura discover he had 32 girlfriends. Uncovering who killed him and why leads them into a world of app developers, virtual boyfriends, and relationships built on lies. Meanwhile, Korsak finally introduces everyone to the new woman in his life.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Sister Sister	Drama	8.3	When a dog trainer is found dead at home, her champion Rottweiler is the prime suspect. As the team investigates this unlikely killer, Maura has a peculiar interaction with Kent.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	Fake It 'Til You Make It	Drama	8.3	After a body turns up in Boston with links to another murder in Los Angeles, Jane and Maura pack up their sunscreen and hop on a plane. With the girls out of town, Angela and Korsak plan a double date with Kiki and Ron.
344	Rizzoli & Isles	5:26	Drama	8.3	When an old watch is found inside a balloon of cocaine in a dead woman's stomach, figuring out it's significance becomes the key to protecting Jane -- and the people she loves.
345	Covert Affairs	Covert Affairs	Action	7.9	New jobs are tough—especially when your new employer is the CIA. Annie Walker is fluent in six languages, has traveled the world and is besting her fellow CIA trainees in every test. But that doesn't explain why she's suddenly summoned by CIA headquarters to report for active duty as a field operative one month before her training is over. She doesn't know there may be something—or someone—from her past that her CIA bosses are really after. Annie's unofficial guide to the CIA is Auggie Anderson, a tech ops expert who was blinded while on assignment. As Annie navigates this new world of intrigue, danger and bureaucratic red tape, Auggie is there to make sure this quick study won't be kept in the dark for long. Also starring Peter Gallagher, Kari Matchett, Sendhil Ramamurthy and Anne Dudek.
345	Covert Affairs	Grounded	Action	7.9	Annie and Auggie research a conspiracy theory that may shed light on the attack on the CIA. Elsewhere, Joan and Calder make a difficult decision.
345	Covert Affairs	Spit on a Stranger	Action	7.9	Annie initiates an undercover mission without CIA support while Calder interrogates Auggie regarding a breach of protocol. Meanwhile, a new recruit arrives at McQuaid Security.
345	Covert Affairs	Sensitive Euro Man	Action	7.9	Despite Auggie's wishes, Annie helps McQuaid with a tough mission. Elsewhere, Hayley is determined to find the truth before disaster strikes U.S. soil.
345	Covert Affairs	Trigger Cut	Action	7.9	Annie heads towards Istanbul where she hopes to apprehend Belenko.
345	Covert Affairs	Starlings of the Slipstream	Action	7.9	Annie searches for a rogue chemist in Germany after Auggie uncovers a startling link between the recent attacks on American soil. Elsewhere, Joan's time in the Balkans rouses suspicions after an unplanned polygraph.
345	Covert Affairs	She Believes	Action	7.9	Annie works with an ally to expose Belenko's misdeeds; McQuaid and Joan head into the field; Calder asks Sydney to make a dangerous gamble.
345	Covert Affairs	Transport is Arranged	Action	7.9	Annie and McQuaid sneak into Russian territory to find Belenko while Auggie is involved in a confrontation resulting from unanswered questions from her past.
345	Covert Affairs	Frontforwards	Action	7.9	Annie and McQuaid's relationship deepens as they track down Belenko's next target in Buenos Aires. Calder's pursuit of the truth lands him in hot water. Joan determines that it's in the CIA's best interest to keep Belenko alive.
345	Covert Affairs	Gold Soundz	Action	7.9	Annie and McQuaid struggle to escape Argentina with assassins hot on their trail; Belenko's final plan is put into action
346	Hot in Cleveland	Hot in Cleveland	Comedy	10.0	Hot in Cleveland revolves around three fabulous L.A. women of a certain age who are best friends. Their lives are changed forever when their plane -- headed to Paris for a girls-only celebration -- unexpectedly lands in Cleveland and they soon rediscover themselves in a new 'promised land'. Loving their new home, the women find themselves living under one roof and battling the sassy caretaker of the property they have rented.
346	Hot in Cleveland	Comfort and Joy	Comedy	10.0	Joy decides whether to marry Mitch, Simon, or Bob. Victoria's new CGI movie proves challenging in ways she didn't expect. Elka tries to bring film jobs to Cleveland.
346	Hot in Cleveland	Fear and Loathing in Los Angeles	Comedy	10.0	The ladies head to meet the creator of Victoria's new TV show in L.A.; Elka tries to convince him to move the production to Cleveland
346	Hot in Cleveland	Bossy Cups	Comedy	10.0	Joy helps Victoria make lifestyle videos for her website while Melanie tries to install shelves without Frankie's help. Elsewhere, Elka stirs up romance with Jim.
346	Hot in Cleveland	Naked and Afraid	Comedy	10.0	Elka throws a party to sway the vote of a rival politician; Melanie investigates a neighbor she thinks may have seen her naked.
346	Hot in Cleveland	Tazed and Confused	Comedy	10.0	Victoria prepares for her detective role on a ride-along with Joy and Bob; Elka and Melanie face off against Agnes and Mona in a game competition at Stormi's.
346	Hot in Cleveland	Out of Our Minds	Comedy	10.0	Melanie and Jack try to spice things up in their relationship; Victoria promotes a new vodka brand; Joy's new hairstyle backfires upon meeting Owen's office crush. Meanwhile, Elka and Mayor Deacon have a scandalous affair.
346	Hot in Cleveland	Hot Damn!	Comedy	10.0	The show's memorable moments, episodes and bloopers are recalled by the cast and crew.
346	Hot in Cleveland	Vegas Baby/I Hate Goodbyes	Comedy	10.0	The gang travels to Las Vegas when Joy and Bob find out there's a baby available for adoption. Elka helps Bob's dad pick up women. Victoria reconnects with a long-lost love. Melanie ends up in jail. Then, Joy and Bob continue their adventure to pick up a baby available for adoption in Las Vegas. Victoria and Johnny Revere reflect on their past. Elka helps Bob's dad find the perfect woman. Melanie works on her wedding toast.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Comedy	8.2	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is an American comedy series created by Rob McElhenney and developed by McElhenney and Glenn Howerton. It premiered on FX on August 4, 2005. The show is about four friends in their late 20s with clear sociopathic tendencies who run an unsuccessful Irish bar, "Paddy's Pub," in South Philadelphia. The series deals with a variety of controversial topics, including abortion, gun control, physical disabilities, racism, sexism, religion, the Israeli/Palestinian situation, terrorism, transsexuality, slavery, incest, sexual harassment in education, the homeless, statutory rape, drug addiction, pedophilia, child abuse, mental illness, gay rights and dumpster babies.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Gets Racist	Comedy	8.2	The pub becomes an overnight success when the gang accidentally turns it into a gay bar. Elsewhere, Charlie (Charlie Day) tries to prove to a crush that he's not racist after she catches him making an off-color comment. Mac: Rob McElhenney. Dennis: Glenn Howerton. Sweet Dee: Kaitlin Olson.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Charlie Wants an Abortion	Comedy	8.2	One of Charlie's old girlfriends (Heather Donahue) claims her 10-year-old son is his. Meanwhile, Mac tries to impress a cute pro-life supporter (Autumn Reeser) by feigning interest in her cause; and Dennis attempts to pick up women at an abortion rally. Tommy: Spenser Daniel.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Underage Drinking: A National Concern	Comedy	8.2	The gang opens the pub's doors to underage patrons to increase the establishment's profits. Later, Dennis, Charlie and Dee are asked to the prom. Trey: Robert Adamson. Sara: Katie Chonacas. Tammy: Jaimie Alexander.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Charlie Has Cancer	Comedy	8.2	The gang finds out that Charlie may have cancer, so they hatch a plan to relieve his anguish. Meanwhile, Mac gets involved with a transvestite.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Gun Fever	Comedy	8.2	The guys buy a gun after the bar is robbed, and Charlie uses it to intimidate his nagging landlord. Meanwhile, Dennis and Mac vow to catch the thief, and Dee feigns interest in guns to win over a crush.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Finds a Dead Guy	Comedy	8.2	Four twentysomething friends run a struggling Irish pub in Philadelphia. In this episode, Mac and Dennis reach a new low when they pretend to be acquainted with a patron found dead in their bar in order to get closer to his granddaughter. Meanwhile, Dee visits her bedridden grandfather, and Charlie comes along for support.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Charlie Got Molested	Comedy	8.2	The gang thinks Charlie may have been molested by his high-school gym teacher, so they stage an intervention, and invite Charlie's family and other alleged victims.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Charlie Gets Crippled/the Gang Goes Jihad	Comedy	8.2	Dennis and Dee's estranged father, Frank Reynolds (Danny DeVito), returns to town to reconnect with his kids. They don't want anything to do with him, but Frank likes hanging with Charlie and Mac. Meanwhile, Charlie gets hit by Dennis's car (accidentally, of course) and needs to use a wheelchair. The gang soon discovers that this isn't all that bad.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Goes Jihad	Comedy	8.2	The gang's new neighbor from Israel threatens to shut down Paddy's, and he has the law on his side. So the gang must "get creative." This means jihad. And Frank's wife, Barbara (Anne Archer), returns from vacation, but absence certainly didn't make her heart grow fonder. Frank: Danny DeVito. Ari Frankel: Josh Stamberg.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Dennis and Dee Go on Welfare	Comedy	8.2	Driven to distraction by their dad, Dennis and Dee quit Paddy's and decide to go on welfare. Back at the bar, Frank is driving Mac and Charlie crazy. He's also beginning to treat them like sons.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Mac Bangs Dennis' Mom	Comedy	8.2	Barbara (Anne Archer) sleeps with Mac to arouse Frank's jealousy, so Dennis decides to seduce Mac's mom as payback. And Frank's decision to put Charlie in charge at the bar prompts an orgy of backstabbing and double-dealing, with sex as the weapon of choice. Danny DeVito's daughter Lucy guests as Jenny.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	$100 Dollar Baby	Comedy	8.2	After she's mugged, Dee takes boxing lessons from ex-pug Frank, who runs into an old nemesis (Eddie Mekka) at the gym. Meanwhile, Mac and Dennis enter Charlie in an underground street-fight match with hopes of making some money. And both Dee and Charlie need help, which they find in a pill bottle.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Gives Back	Comedy	8.2	The gang must perform community service after their "mishap" gets them arrested for arson. While fulfilling his duty, Charlie discovers that he has something in common with the coffee-shop waitress (Mary Elizabeth Ellis). Meanwhile, Frank's attempt to bond with Dennis backfires
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Exploits a Miracle	Comedy	8.2	The Madonna of Paddy's? The gang seeks financial salvation when a leaky pipe at Paddy's causes a water stain on the wall that resembles the Virgin Mary. Meanwhile, Dee has an awkward reunion with a priest (David Hornsby) who had a crush on her in high school.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Runs for Office	Comedy	8.2	Frank offers the gang his political wisdom, which unsurprisingly involves bribery. Then Dennis decides to run for office himself.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Charlie Goes America All Over Everybody's Ass	Comedy	8.2	Let freedom ring at Paddy's! After an argument about constitutional rights and smoking in the bar, Mac and Dennis decide to lift all behavioral restrictions, and Paddy's soon goes wild. Meanwhile, Charlie and Dee head off to an antitobacco demonstration.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Dennis and Dee Get a New Dad	Comedy	8.2	Dee receives e-mails from a man who claims to be her father (Stephen Collins), so she confronts Frank and Barbara (Danny DeVito and Anne Archer) to find out what's up. Meanwhile, Mac seeks out his own dad (Gregory Scott Cummins), who's in prison. Mrs. Kelly: Lynne Marie Stewart.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Finds a Dumpster Baby	Comedy	8.2	Dennis, Dee and Mac find a baby in a Dumpster, and Dee and Mac decide to raise him. They also decide to use him to raise some cash. Meanwhile, Dennis joins an environmental-activist group, and isn't exactly welcomed with open arms. But he finds a way to take revenge. And Charlie wants Frank to take a DNA test to determine whether they're father and son. Frank won't do that, but he's happy to join Charlie on Dumpster-diving expeditions.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Gets Invincible	Comedy	8.2	Mac, Dennis and Dee try out for the Philadelphia Eagles, but seem more interested in outdoing each other. Also trying out for the team is Doyle McPoyle, a brother of the gang's archenemies, Ryan and Liam McPoyle. The entire McPoyle clan shows up to cheer Doyle on, which is not good news for fellow tailgaters Frank and Charlie.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Dennis and Dee's Mom is Dead	Comedy	8.2	Dennis and Dee's abrasive mother has died, and the bad news is that she stiffed them in her will, leaving all her money to her humanitarian paramour, Bruce Mathis (Stephen Collins). But at least Dennis got her house. It's a "party mansion," and that's how he intends to use it.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Gets Held Hostage	Comedy	8.2	The McPoyles invade Paddy's and take the gang hostage, demanding $100,000, a gassed-up boat and a reversible Planet Hollywood jacket. Meanwhile, Frank is crawling through the ductwork above Paddy's, searching for his will, when Liam McPoyle turns up the heat.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Aluminum Monster Vs. Fatty Mcgoo	Comedy	8.2	Dee gets a rude awakening when she discovers that "Fatty Magoo," an overweight loser from her high-school class, is now a svelte, successful clothing-store owner. So Dee decides to design a dress for her, but Dennis decides that he's the better designer. He also knows that he has the charm to sell it to Fatty (Judy Greer).
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Solves the North Korea Situation	Comedy	8.2	The gang declares war on a Korean restaurateur who threatens to bump Paddy's from its coveted and profitable spot on the city's annual pub crawl. Meanwhile, Dee is determined to hold a talent show, primarily because she wants to win it.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Sells The Bar	Comedy	8.2	The gang agrees to sell Paddy's after getting an offer that's too good to turn down. Problem is, Dee and Charlie, who aren't partners, must get real jobs. Members of Frank's "gang," the Yellow Jacket Boys, are played by members of the doo-wop group The Mighty Echoes, who perform.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Frank Sets Sweet Dee On Fire	Comedy	8.2	The gang want to become local celebrities, so Mac and Charlie create their own newscast on a public-access channel, while Dennis and Dee set out to make a splash on the club scene.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Sweet Dee's Dating a Retarded Person	Comedy	8.2	Dee dates a famous local rapper and it could turn out to be true love, even though he might be mentally challenged. In any event, his success inspires Mac, Dennis, Charlie and Frank to start their own band.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Mac is a Serial Killer	Comedy	8.2	Mac has been acting strangely, leading Frank, Dennis and Dee to believe that he's the serial killer who has been terrorizing Philadelphia. So they set out to catch him, but for Dennis and Dee, that means they must first learn to think like serial killers themselves. Frank, meanwhile, is content to let a chainsaw do his thinking for him.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Dennis Looks Like a Registered Sex Offender	Comedy	8.2	Dennis is mistaken for a recently released child molester; Mac tries to bond with his ex-con father, who can't take his eyes off a creeped-out Dee; and Frank moves out of the apartment he's been sharing with Charlie, and moves in with Charlie's mother.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Gets Whacked: Part 1	Comedy	8.2	A misunderstanding with the mob over a set of speakers and a stash of cocaine prompts Dennis to hire himself out as a male escort. It's that, or he and the rest of the gang will get whacked.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Gets Whacked: Part 2	Comedy	8.2	A misunderstanding with the mob over a set of speakers and a stash of cocaine prompts Dennis to hire himself out as a male escort. It's that, or he and the rest of the gang will get whacked.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Burns: Making A Mess All Over The City	Comedy	8.2	To rid their neighborhood of undesirables, Mac and Dee become vigilantes, and Frank and Dennis impersonate police officers. They enjoy the feeling of power this gives them...perhaps too much.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Dances Their Asses Off	Comedy	8.2	Season 3 ends as Charlie inadvertently puts Paddy's up as the grand prize in a dance marathon. The gang must then win the competition to keep the bar.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Mac & Dennis: Manhunters	Comedy	8.2	Dee and Charlie eat some of Frank's stash of extraordinarily tasty meat and won't rest until they can get more. Meanwhile, Mac and Dennis take sport hunting to the next level. Cricket: Bruce Hornsby.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Solves the Gas Crisis	Comedy	8.2	Mac, Dennis, and Charlie take advantage of high gas prices by investing in barrels of gasoline and selling them door-to-door; Dee and Frank plot to brand Bruce Mathis as a terrorist leader when they find out that he plans to give their money to a Muslim community center.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	America's Next Top Paddy's Billboard Model Contest	Comedy	8.2	Mac and Frank judge a contest to determine Paddy's next top model; Dee and Charlie strive to come up with YouTube's next sensation.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Mac's Banging the Waitress	Comedy	8.2	Charlie wants Mac to beat up the waitress's unknown new boyfriend. Trouble is, Mac is the boyfriend.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Mac & Charlie Die (1)	Comedy	8.2	After Mac's revenge-obsessed father is released from prison, Mac and Charlie fake their deaths to save their lives. Frank, Dee and Dennis find unique ways of dealing with the loss of the guys.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Mac & Charlie Die (2)	Comedy	8.2	Frank, Dee and Dennis find unique ways of dealing with the loss of Mac and Charlie. The guys faked their deaths to avoid Mac's vengeance-obsessed father (Gregory Scott Cummins), who was released from prison.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Who Pooped the Bed?	Comedy	8.2	Frank and Charlie find that someone has soiled their bed, and Mac and Dennis join them as they attempt to catch the culprit. Meanwhile, Dee leads Artemis and the waitress on a "Sex and the City"-style night on the town.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Paddy's Pub: The Worst Bar In America	Comedy	8.2	The gang kidnaps a newspaper critic after he calls Paddy's "the worst bar in Philadelphia."
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Dennis Reynolds: An Erotic Life	Comedy	8.2	Mac and Frank find Dennis' erotic memoir and attempt to profit from it, while Dee and Charlie spend a day in each other's shoes.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Sweet Dee Has a Heart Attack	Comedy	8.2	After Dee suffers a heart attack, she and Dennis try to live a healthier lifestyle. Meanwhile, Charlie and Mac take corporate jobs to get health insurance.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Cracks the Liberty Bell	Comedy	8.2	The gang fudge history by claiming that Paddy's Pub was responsible for cracking the Liberty Bell in an attempt to turn their dive into a Philadelphia landmark.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Gets Extreme: Home Makeover	Comedy	8.2	The gang give an extreme home makeover to an ill-fated family, and they hope to receive good karma in return so that their own dreams will come true.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Nightman Cometh	Comedy	8.2	Charlie puts on a rock opera based on his song "Nightman," and he gets the rest of the gang to help him.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Exploits the Mortgage Crisis	Comedy	8.2	Frank, Mac and Dennis try their hand at real estate; Dee arranges to be a surrogate mother for a rich couple; Charlie squares off with a lawyer over the intricacies of the judicial system.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Hits the Road	Comedy	8.2	The gang take a road trip. Destination: the Grand Canyon.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Great Recession	Comedy	8.2	With a shantytown taking shape outside, Mac and Dennis try to keep Paddy's going in tough times. Meanwhile, Frank and Dee start a family business.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Gives Frank an Intervention	Comedy	8.2	Frank's behavior is more bizarre than usual---so bizarre that even the gang notice---so they decide to stage an intervention. Gail the Snail: Mary Lynn Rajskub. Aunt Donna: Nora Dunn.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Waitress is Getting Married	Comedy	8.2	The Waitress (Mary Elizabeth Ellis) is getting married, and Dee's jealous because she isn't. Meanwhile, the guys try to get the lovelorn Charlie back into the dating scene.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The World Series Defense	Comedy	8.2	The gang go to court to talk their way out of a parking ticket they got on the night of the final game of the 2008 World Series.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Wrestles for the Troops	Comedy	8.2	The gang stages a wrestling show for returning troops. Meanwhile, Dee meets a soldier she's been talking to online; but he isn't what she expected. Da' Maniac: Roddy Piper.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Paddy's Pub: Home Of The Original Kitten	Comedy	8.2	With a merchandising convention in town, the gang tries to build the Paddy's brand by developing marketable products---such as mittens for kittens.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Mac and Dennis Break Up	Comedy	8.2	Mac and Dennis decide to take a break from each other, a development that strains relationships. Meanwhile, "kitten mitten" Charlie helps Dee find her lost cat.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The D.E.N.N.I.S. System	Comedy	8.2	Dennis tells the gang how he seduces women, but none of them can get the hang of it.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Mac and Charlie Write a Movie	Comedy	8.2	When Dee gets a part in an M. Night Shyamalan film, Mac and Charlie seize a chance to pitch their movie script. But first they have to write it.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Reignites the Rivalry	Comedy	8.2	The gang reenters Philadelphia's flip-cup tournament (the Flipadelphia) after being banned for 10 years. Trouble is, their old flip-cup rivals have grown up and moved on. Art Sloan: Noah Bean. Beezy: Marshall Allman.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Mac Fights Gay Marriage	Comedy	8.2	Mac defends traditional marriage, while the rest of the gang reap the rewards of wedded bliss.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Dennis Gets Divorced	Comedy	8.2	Dennis' marriage to Maureen Ponderosa (Catherine Reitman) hits a snag, as does Charlie's marriage to Frank. And Dee, it seems, has come between Bill Ponderosa (Lance Barber) and his wife
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Buys a Boat	Comedy	8.2	Mac, Charlie and Dennis buy a boat to "throw some P. Diddy-style parties," as Mac puts it, and, Charlie insists, to harvest shrimp (or barnacles). They end up with a run-down houseboat, the Drowning Sailor, and Mac and Dennis order Dee (who didn't invest in it) to clean it up. Frank, sledgehammer in hand, offers to help.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Mac's Big Break	Comedy	8.2	Mac finally gets his big break after correctly answering a radio station's trivia question. Meanwhile, Frank, Dennis and Dee start their own bar-banter podcast.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Mac and Charlie: White Trash	Comedy	8.2	There's a heat wave in Philly, so Mac and Charlie decide to fix up an abandoned pool after they're denied admittance to a swim club. Meanwhile, Dennis and Dee try to beat the heat in a more "dignified" manner.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Mac's Mom Burns Her House Down	Comedy	8.2	After Mac's mother (Sandy Martin) burns her house down with a cigarette, Mac decides that she should move in with Charlie's mom (Lynne Marie Stewart). Meanwhile, Frank offers to take care of the ailing Dee because he wants her to take care of him when he's old.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Who Got Dee Pregnant	Comedy	8.2	Dee's pregnant, and she tells the guys that one of them made her that way during a Halloween party that none of them can remember. So they try to piece the evening together, "Potemkin"-style, aided by Artemis (Artemis Pebdani) and the McPoyle brothers (Nate Mooney and Jimmi Simpson).
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Gets a New Member	Comedy	8.2	The gang is growing as a result of a blast from the past, which also prompts Dee to reconsider her future.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Dee Reynolds: Shaping America's Youth	Comedy	8.2	Dee takes a job as a substitute teacher and decides to take her students on a field trip to Broadway. The principal (Dave Foley) won't allow that, so it's a screening of the gang's movie---"Lethal Weapon 5"---instead.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Charlie Kelly: King of the Rats	Comedy	8.2	Charlie is going batty trying to keep rats out of Paddy's basement, so the gang decides to throw him a surprise party to cheer him up.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Gets Stranded in the Woods	Comedy	8.2	When the gang goes to Atlantic City for a charity benefit, Frank, Dee and Mac get lost en route. But Dennis and Charlie hitch a ride to town and have the time of their lives.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Dee Gives Birth	Comedy	8.2	Dee's blessed event is fast approaching, but the father's identity remains a mystery---to the gang, at least. So they throw a party and invite all of Dee's former flings.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	A Very Sunny Christmas (1)	Comedy	8.2	The gang sets out to discover the joy of Christmas. Their holiday adventure includes a sleighful of stolen toys, childhood videos, naked elves and a bloody encounter with Santa Claus.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Frank's Pretty Woman	Comedy	8.2	Frank wants to marry a prostitute and the gang can't talk him out of it. While Dee sets out to burnish the hooker's heart of gold, Charlie takes a different tack: He tries to set Frank up with another woman. Meanwhile, Mac has put on a lot of weight. "I'm cultivating mass," he tells Dennis.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Goes to the Jersey Shore	Comedy	8.2	Dee and Dennis take the gang to their favorite childhood vacation spot on the Jersey Shore. Things aren't quite as they remember them. Still, Mac, Frank and Charlie have the times of their lives; Dee and Dennis not so much.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Frank Reynolds' Little Beauties	Comedy	8.2	Frank finds himself in the child beauty-pageant business and fears that people might think that he's in it for the wrong reasons. Meanwhile, Dee wages war on stage moms; and Mac, Dennis and Charlie think they have found a contestant to back.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Sweet Dee Gets Audited	Comedy	8.2	While Dee tries to weasel her way out of an IRS audit, the guys set up a new (and, they say, democratic) way of running Paddy's.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Frank's Brother	Comedy	8.2	Frank's long-lost brother (Jon Polito) shows up unexpectedly and spills family secrets.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Storm of the Century	Comedy	8.2	It's not always sunny in Philadelphia: An apocalyptic storm is bearing down on the City of Brotherly Love, and everyone's in panic mode—except for Frank.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Chardee MacDennis: The Game of Games	Comedy	8.2	Another rainy day in Philadelphia. The gang can't go out and play, so they stay indoors and play a board game of their own devising. (It doesn't much resemble Chutes and Ladders). They also drink.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The ANTI-Social Network	Comedy	8.2	While Dennis and Charlie track down an annoying Paddy's patron the old-fashioned way, Dee and Mac cyberstalk him. Frank is online as well, trying to boost business at the bar. Things go viral, and not in a good way for Frank.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Gets Trapped	Comedy	8.2	The gang sneak into a residence to "extract" an "artifact," only to discover that someone is home. Uh-oh.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	How Mac Got Fat	Comedy	8.2	Mac claims that his gang mates made him fat. (Or so he says to a priest who's hearing his confession.)
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Thunder Gun Express	Comedy	8.2	A presidential visit to Philadelphia causes traffic jams, frustrating the gang's effort to see the summer's hottest action movie, "Thunder Gun Express." So the gang takes action— "Thunder Gun"-style action—to get to the theater.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The High School Reunion	Comedy	8.2	The gang have much to prove when they attend their high-school reunion. They meet old friends and make new foes as they stroll—make that trip—down memory lane.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The High School Reunion Part 2: The Gang's Revenge	Comedy	8.2	In the Season 7 finale, the gang come up with a new plan to buff their tarnished high-school reputations at their high-school reunion.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Pop-Pop: The Final Solution	Comedy	8.2	Dennis and Dee's ailing grandfather Pop-Pop is wasting away in the hospital, and they have to decide whether or not to pull the plug. But things get complicated when The Gang learns of Pop-Pop's history as a Nazi, and Mac, Charlie and Frank set off in search of the old man's spoils from the war.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Recycles Their Trash	Comedy	8.2	With the garbage men of Philadelphia on strike, Frank concocts a plan to undercut the union and get the contract to collect the city's trash. But when The Gang's elaborate plan starts to fall apart, everyone will get their hands a little dirtier than expected.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Maureen Ponderosa Wedding Massacre	Comedy	8.2	Dennis and the gang crash Maureen's wedding to make certain he'll be able to sever all ties, only to discover a union much scarier than kissing cousins.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Charlie and Dee Find Love	Comedy	8.2	When Charlie and Dee invade the rarefied world of the 1%, they find a romantic connection with two members of one of Philly's wealthiest families. When they catch wind of the fancy dinners, tennis matches and big parties, Mac, Dennis and Frank try to get a piece of the action. But, when all the scheming comes to a head, the whole gang learns a lesson in love.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Gets Analyzed	Comedy	8.2	The Gang gets Freudian as they step into the therapist's office to work through their mountain of issues. But when Dennis thinks he has everyone figured out, the shrink turns the tables on him and exposes the insanity in his unique brand of pop psychology. Dennis' psychology is exposed as abnormal indeed.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Charlie's Mom Has Cancer	Comedy	8.2	In perhaps the most depraved scheme of them all, The Gang rallies around Charlie's mom as she battles cancer. As Mac, Charlie, and Dee struggle with their faith, Frank loses his memory and his mind in a quest for buried treasure, and they're all rocked by a revelation that will shake Paddy's to its very foundation!
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Frank's Back in Business	Comedy	8.2	With Charlie under his wing, Frank cleans up so he can get his hands dirty and help out his old company with one last big merger. While an unwritten rule of the bar gets the rest of the gang caught up in a case of mistaken identity.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Charlie Rules the World	Comedy	8.2	After slipping into an unhealthy obsession with computer games, The Gang wrestles to define the difference between the real and the virtual worlds.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Dines Out	Comedy	8.2	Every member of The Gang has something to celebrate at Guigino's, Philly's finest eatery. But when Mac and Dennis' private dinner is interrupted by an unexpected sighting of Frank and Charlie, the in-fighting begins. Dee turns up at a table for one, and over the course of the night, the "one-ups-manship" soars to new heights.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Reynolds vs. Reynolds: The Cereal Defense	Comedy	8.2	Court is in session at Paddy's Pub as Frank and Dennis present their cases to the rest of the gang, resulting in a verdict that will change their lives FOREVER...but not really.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Broke Dee	Comedy	8.2	Dee starts to embrace the desperate, self-loathing qualities the guys have beaten into her over the years, sending her stand-up comedy career to unexpected places.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Gun Fever Too: Still Hot	Comedy	8.2	After Frank appears on Local Television advocating gun ownership, the rest of the gang takes a look at the ownership process and alternatives to find a common ground on this still heated issue.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Tries Desperately to Win an Award	Comedy	8.2	Tired of failing to be recognized for their years of service in the bar industry, the gang changes their ways to give the patrons what they think they want.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Mac and Dennis Buy a Timeshare	Comedy	8.2	The gang does their best to recoup their investments in questionable schemes by dumping their losses on Ben the soldier while trying to avoid being duped again by whatever mastermind is pulling their strings.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Mac Day	Comedy	8.2	Everyone in the gang gets a day to do what they want while everyone else in the gang must participate willingly. This is Mac's Day...and its got twice the "Mac".
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Saves the Day	Comedy	8.2	When a routine trip to a convenience store places the gang in the middle of an armed robbery, each of them is forced to explore how they react in extreme situations.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Gets Quarantined	Comedy	8.2	When a severe flu outbreak sweeps Philadelphia the gang voluntarily quarantine themselves inside of Paddy's in an attempt to keep their singing voices pristine for an upcoming competition, although they have trouble adhering to the strict rules they've set for themselves.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Flowers for Charlie	Comedy	8.2	When an experiment successfully multiplies Charlie's intellect and takes him away from the bar, the rest of the gang find themselves struggling to complete the menial 'Charlie Work' that has kept the bar running for so long.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Makes Lethal Weapon 6	Comedy	8.2	After creative differences over what constitutes tasteful nudity cause Frank to pull his money out of Lethal Weapon 6 during filming, Mac, Dennis, and Charlie screen their rough footage for investors in hopes of raising enough capital to finish the production of their latest masterpiece.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Squashes Their Beefs	Comedy	8.2	When some bad blood with old foes compromises their ideal Thanksgiving, the gang decides to make amends by breaking bread with those they've hurt.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Beats Boggs	Comedy	8.2	"The Gang Beats Boggs" - Mac oversees the gang while they compete to break Wade Boggs' legendary beer drinking record.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Group Dates	Comedy	8.2	The gang gets into the online dating scene to expand their matchmaking potential.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Psycho Pete Returns	Comedy	8.2	When Psycho Pete, long lost member of the freight train, is released from the mental hospital, Dennis and Dee rush to get him recommitted while Charlie and Mac attempt to restore him to his former hard-partying form.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Charlie Work	Comedy	8.2	When a surprise health inspection falls on the same day as one of the gang's less hygienic schemes, Charlie tries to keep the gang working together to make sure Paddy's makes the grade.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Spies Like U.s.	Comedy	8.2	After Dennis and Mac enlist Dee to spy on the fish factory across the street, Charlie and Frank grow suspicious and decide to do some spying of their own.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Misses the Boat	Comedy	8.2	After another failed venture, the Gang wonders if their group dynamic is bringing them down as individuals, causing them to separate from one another, and find out who they really are.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Mac Kills His Dad	Comedy	8.2	News surfaces about Mac's Dad, Luther, being a murder suspect. Mac goes into full "P.I." mode to clear his father of any wrong doing.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	The Gang Goes On Family Fight	Comedy	8.2	When the gang appears on a nationally broadcasted game show, Dennis does his best to keep the gang's weirdness under wraps.
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Frank Retires	Comedy	8.2	After Frank decides he's worked long enough, the rest of the gang strategizes amongst and against each other for control over "Paddy's".
347	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia	Ass Kickers United: Mac and Charlie Join a Cult	Comedy	8.2	"Asskickers" isn't just a hot new way to work out; it's a way of life...and maybe a cult.
348	Melissa & Joey	Melissa & Joey	Comedy	9.0	Melissa Joan Hart portrays Mel, the grown-up former wild child of a political family who is now a local politician herself. When her sister ends up in prison and brother-in-law flees after a scandal hits, Mel must take responsibility for her teenaged niece Lennox and adolescent nephew Ryder. Spread too thin to manage by herself, help comes in the unlikely form of Joe who, desperate for a job, moves in and becomes the family's "manny."
348	Melissa & Joey	Joe Versus The Reunion	Comedy	9.0	In "Joe Versus the Reunion," after debating whether to show his face after the tumultuous year he's had, Joe ultimately decides to go to his 10-year college reunion. On the same evening, per the Mayor's request, Mel goes out to dinner with an artist to discuss bringing his installations to Toledo. But when Mel gets a call from a depressed Joe at his reunion, she rushes over there to surprise him by posing as his girlfriend and save the day - only to realize that in the meantime, Joe has found and reconnected with an old flame. And Lennox and Ryder decide to throw a party with Mel and Joe out for the evening, but it does not go as planned.
348	Melissa & Joey	Toledo's Next Top Model	Comedy	9.0	In "Toledo's Next Top Model," Lennox gets scouted by a modeling agency at the mall and is excited by the prospect. Mel remains skeptical of the career path until she sees how much money Lennox could be make to help towards college. However, agency owner Tasha pushes Lennox beyond her comfort zone. Meanwhile, Joe gives Ryder dating advice when he starts seeing a girl from school, but her increasing demands make Ryder second-guess his relationship.
348	Melissa & Joey	I Can Manage	Comedy	9.0	Mel is feeling the pressure of balancing the massive home renovation with her duties at work. Determined to have the house fixed as quickly as possible, Joe convinces a reluctant Mel to put him in charge of the construction. But Joe's management style only makes things worse. Meanwhile, Lennox is thrilled when her school wants to put on her original play, but the reaction is not quite what she had hoped.
348	Melissa & Joey	Good to Go	Comedy	9.0	Joe takes over Mel's finances and becomes convinced that her credit card statements reveal she is having an affair with a married man. Lennox tries to get along with her friend's new boyfriend, but is at a loss when he reveals his crush on her, and Ryder stresses about what to get Holly for her birthday. Series star.
348	Melissa & Joey	The Knockout	Comedy	9.0	Mel punches a man when she sees him hassling Ryder, leading her to become known as "Battling Burke," which delights Mel's campaign manager (Mazar) and helps her image. But Mel's new persona has unintended effect on Ryder. And Lennox attempts to befriend a new girl at school, but the girl takes advantage of Lennox's kindness, which dismays Joe.
348	Melissa & Joey	Breaking Up Is Hard to Do	Comedy	9.0	Mel wants to break up with her boyfriend, Donald, but feels guilty when he says she's the best thing in his life. So she turns to Joe for help boosting Donald's confidence so she can safely dump him. But Joe's lessons go a little too well and Donald turns into a version of Joe, horrifying Mel even more. Meanwhile, Ryder's girlfriend Holly confides a secret to Lennox and asks her to keep it from Ryder.
348	Melissa & Joey	Mixed Doubles	Comedy	9.0	Joe tells Mel she is way too picky when it comes to dating, and offers to set her up with his friend. But in return Joe wants Mel to help him score a date with her charming friend Ariel, leading to an uncomfortable double date for the group. Also, Lennox decides to start her own blog after being kicked off the school website, but it consumes all of her time, leaving her boyfriend Haskell feeling ignored.
348	Melissa & Joey	The Donor	Comedy	9.0	Mel's friend Jackie decides she wants to have a baby, and while looking for a father for her child, settles on Joe, leaving Mel and Joe to scramble to change her mind. Meanwhile, Lennox and Haskell make their first joint purchase together when they buy a rare book. But when they discover the book is worth more than they thought, they disagree about what to do with it.
348	Melissa & Joey	Eat Pray Date	Comedy	9.0	Mel lets her date Travis believe she is an amazing chef, without mentioning that it was Joe who really made their delicious meal. However, when Travis asks to watch her in the kitchen, Mel is forced to turn to Joe to help her out. Meanwhile, Lennox is shocked to realize her friend has a crush on Ryder, but Ryder is surprisingly interested, horrifying Lennox even more.
348	Melissa & Joey	Pretty Big Liars	Comedy	9.0	Ryder decides he wants to invest in stock, and turns to Joe for advice. But Joe is adamant that Ryder's stock pick is a bad idea and decides to show him how risky investing can be by not buying it. But when the stock turns out to be a winner, Joe scrambles to hide the truth from Ryder. Meanwhile, Mel is smitten with her new boyfriend Sam, who happens to be Haskell's father, but must keep her happiness under wraps when Lennox and Haskell break up.
348	Melissa & Joey	A Pair of Sneakers	Comedy	9.0	Mel's attempts to teach Lennox to drive don't go very well, so Joe offers to take over teaching duties. But Mel refuses to let him, so Joe resorts to teaching Lennox in secret. But Joe's lessons go even worse when Lennox gets into a minor accident, leaving Joe to cover up his secret driving school. Meanwhile, Mel and Ryder strike up an unusual and confidential arrangement.
348	Melissa & Joey	Mother of All Problems	Comedy	9.0	Mel is anxious about her mother Monica's first visit in years. But when Joe tries to help smooth over their relationship, he gives Monica some advice that infuriates Mel. Meanwhile, when Lennox tries to get out of gym class, her teacher assumes she's pregnant.
348	Melissa & Joey	Wherefore Art Thou Lennox	Comedy	9.0	Lennox starts an internship in Mel's office, and hits it off with a fellow intern - who happens to work for Mel's biggest rival, leading Mel to accuse Lennox of switching sides. And Joe finally finds a job in the financial industry - but working overnight as an online consultant for a Russian company. Series star.
348	Melissa & Joey	From Russia With Love	Comedy	9.0	Mel is irritated with Joe's visiting girlfriend, Elena, when she starts monopolizing him, leaving little time for the rest of his duties. However, Mel soon befriends her, which leads to trouble between Elena and Joe. But then problems arise back in Russia, leading Elena to rely on Mel and Joe even more. Meanwhile, Ryder volunteers to help Lennox with an experiment, which requires him to only eat vending machine food, but he soon regrets his helpfulness.
348	Melissa & Joey	Mel Marries Joe	Comedy	9.0	Mel is shocked when Joe offers to marry Elena in order to keep her in the country, and refuses to take part in his scheme. But when it looks like everything will fall apart, Mel takes charge in order to protect both of them. But will Joe really go through with the wedding?.
348	Melissa & Joey	Inside Job	Comedy	9.0	Joe paints Mel into a corner, forcing her to get him a job at City Hall with fellow City Council member Paul. Once there, Joe gets wrapped up in another potential financial scandal, leading to all sorts of headaches for Mel.
348	Melissa & Joey	Can't Hardly Wait	Comedy	9.0	After a back injury lands Joe at the hospital, he asks out his cute chiropractor (guest star Marla Sokoloff). Joey thinks this could be really special and wants to take things slow, but even he doesn't anticipate her revelation that she's always taken things very slow.
348	Melissa & Joey	Oh Brother	Comedy	9.0	In the episode "Oh Brother," Mel's childhood friend, Austin, moves back to Toledo, and he and Mel quickly take their old friendship to a new level. But Joe starts to think that Mel and Austin may in fact be related, and schemes to break them up. Meanwhile, enterprising Lennox sells ads on her blog to earn extra money, but is horrified to discover her first sponsor may participate in unfair labor practices.
348	Melissa & Joey	The Truth Hurts	Comedy	9.0	Joe accidentally injures Mel's boyfriend, Austin, during a competitive game of pool. Mel accuses Joe of doing it on purpose to ruin her romantic weekend getaway.
348	Melissa & Joey	The Unkindest Cut	Comedy	9.0	Mel is taken aback when she finds out that Austin may not share her vision of their future and is resolute in his belief he never wants children. Trying to convince Mel not to give up on her dream of a family, Joe introduces her to the neighbor's baby (Melissa Joan Hart's real life son Tucker). Meanwhile, Joe's new girlfriend is only interested in a physical connection, which leaves him confused and wanting more in the relationship. And, Lennox can't motivate herself to write her college entrance paper, so she hires Ryder to be her full time babysitter until she does.
348	Melissa & Joey	The Unfriending	Comedy	9.0	After Joe convinces Mel to dump her needy friend Anita, he secretly starts dating her.
348	Melissa & Joey	Something Happened	Comedy	9.0	Mel desperately wants to be the cool aunt after she discovers that Lennox has taken her relationship with Zander to the next level. But Joe just wants to kill Zander.
348	Melissa & Joey	Good Morning Toledo	Comedy	9.0	Mel and Joe are invited to co-host a week of "Good Morning Toledo" which Mel thinks will help her earn voters. Their constant bickering on air garners rave reviews with the audience and they're an instant hit. But when the secret to their popularity turns out to be talking a little too personally about Lennox and Ryder, they have to decide if fame or family is more important.
348	Melissa & Joey	Fast Times	Comedy	9.0	When his apartment needs to undergo emergency renovations, Mel invites her new boyfriend, Noah, to temporarily move in with her, accelerating their relationship. When she starts to change her personality, Joe questions whether Mel is allowing Noah to know the "real" Mel Burke.
348	Melissa & Joey	Bad Influence	Comedy	9.0	When Joe and Ryder sell Mel's old belongings, they inadvertently sell a very personal item of hers. Desperate to reclaim her property, Mel and Joe turn to crime to get it back.
348	Melissa & Joey	Teach Your Children	Comedy	9.0	Joe works out an alternative payment plan when he begins dating the mom (Krista Allen) of one of his students, which unintentionally earns him a reputation among the other mothers in the neighborhood as a tutor-prostitute.
348	Melissa & Joey	What Happens In Jersey (1)	Comedy	9.0	Once there, they meet Joe's colorful mother Gloria, his sister Theresa and the formidable Sofia. Sensing something is amiss with her grandson and his "wife," Sofia resorts to trickery to see them repair their marriage by any means necessary. What started out as a silly ruse soon makes a wrong turn, and leaves Joe and Mel confused as to where they stand with each other.
348	Melissa & Joey	What Happens In Jersey (2)	Comedy	9.0	Once there, they meet Joe's colorful mother Gloria, his sister Theresa and the formidable Sofia. Sensing something is amiss with her grandson and his "wife," Sofia resorts to trickery to see them repair their marriage by any means necessary. What started out as a silly ruse soon makes a wrong turn, and leaves Joe and Mel confused as to where they stand with each other.
348	Melissa & Joey	A Decent Proposal	Comedy	9.0	In picking up where the summer cliff-hanger left off, Joe rushes home to tell Mel that he has feelings for her after their romantic night together in New Jersey. When he arrives, he's shocked to find Austin has shown up and wants to give his relationship with Mel another try. Deciding he can't stay and watch them fall in love all over again, Joe quits. Meanwhile, Lennox plots to get Joe and Mel together and Ryder gets sick from his own cooking.
348	Melissa & Joey	Independence Day	Comedy	9.0	Mel feels that it's a good idea for her and Joe to take things slow. Taking her literally, Joe finds another job, working so hard that they never have time to see each other. Meanwhile, Lennox is conflicted about putting her relationship with Zander on "Pause" when he asks her to collaborate with him on a comic book.
348	Melissa & Joey	The New Deal	Comedy	9.0	Mel insists on Joe "courting" her, but soon becomes frustrated at their lack of time together. Desperate to spend time with him, Mel sneaks over to his new digs, where he works as a live-in nanny, risking getting him fired for a second time in as many weeks.
348	Melissa & Joey	Feel the Burn	Comedy	9.0	After winning an 8-course dining experience in a raffle, Mel decides to preemptively join an exercise boot camp to lose weight before she gorges on the gourmet meal. She talks Joe into teaching the class, but his harsh tactics get her booted out. Still fighting, they head to the restaurant to meet celebrity chef Malcolm Sunderland, who immediately butts heads with Joe over cooking styles.
348	Melissa & Joey	Plus One	Comedy	9.0	Burbank, CA Mel soon regrets taking Joe to a work function when he gets her in trouble with the press.
348	Melissa & Joey	House Broken	Comedy	9.0	Mel tries to talk Joe into letting her get a dog, but he argues that he'll be the one stuck taking care of it. She adopts the mutt anyway - much to Joe's chagrin. But soon, "father and son" are inseparable, leaving Mel feeling left out.
348	Melissa & Joey	I'll Cut You	Comedy	9.0	Mel is torn between Joe and her hairdresser when they get into a fender bender with each other.
348	Melissa & Joey	Catch & Release	Comedy	9.0	Burbank, CA Joe tries to help his single friend Charlie get back in the dating game but ends up finding himself in hot water with Mel.
348	Melissa & Joey	Born to Run	Comedy	9.0	Mel's crazy father (guest star Christopher Rich) comes to town, and his antics may ruin her run for state senate.
348	Melissa & Joey	More than Roommates	Comedy	9.0	Joe inherits his Nona Sophia's ugly chair - the one she died in - and can't wait to finally add a piece of his life into Mel's home. Mel, unfortunately, doesn't feel the same way and tries to find ways to get rid of the chair without hurting Joe's feelings.
348	Melissa & Joey	Accidents Will Happen	Comedy	9.0	"Melissa & Joey" stars Melissa Joan Hart, Joey Lawrence, Taylor Spreitler and Nick Robinson, and is executive-produced by Bob Young & David Kendall, Paula Hart, Melissa Joan Hart and Joey Lawrence.
348	Melissa & Joey	Don't Look Back in Anger	Comedy	9.0	Mel and Joe try a little too hard to impress a counselor that they have the perfect relationship.
348	Melissa & Joey	Uninvited	Comedy	9.0	Joe's mother (guest star Faith Prince) and estranged brother drop by unexpectedly.
348	Melissa & Joey	You're the One That I Want	Comedy	9.0	It's Mel and Joe's wedding weekend, but things aren't running as smoothly as they'd hoped. Before they can even make it down the aisle, Joe sees her in her dress, prompting Mel to trash it and get a new one. Plus, someone is injured during Joe's bachelor party, Mel's father is MIA, Marco's making the moves on Lennox in front of Zander and someone accidentally confesses a hidden secret.
348	Melissa & Joey	Maybe I'm Amazed	Comedy	9.0	On the heels of some shocking news at the wedding, Joe makes a rash decision that could alter his and Mel's relationship forever.
348	Melissa & Joey	At Last	Comedy	9.0	Still reeling from the unexpected news at the wedding, Joe impulsively invites his family to move in without asking Mel first, putting their new life together in jeopardy. Will she give in to an ever expanding household or will she break things off with Joe and run?.
348	Melissa & Joey	Witch Came First	Comedy	9.0	In "Strip or Treat," Ben, Danny and Tucker are looking forward to attending the biggest Halloween celebration in the city, despite the fact that Bonnie thinks they should take Emma trick-or-treating instead. When their plans fall through, they decide to crash the party Riley was talking about, not knowing it's actually a bachelorette party. But when the guys are mistaken for the strippers, Ben makes a big mistake that results in them being carted off to jail. Meanwhile, Bonnie's date with Javier goes horribly wrong and she lands in jail alongside Ben, Danny and Tucker. Will Riley be able to work her lawyer magic and bail her friends out of this mess, or will everyone get what they deserve?
348	Melissa & Joey	The Honeymooners	Comedy	9.0	Joe surprises Mel with a honeymoon getaway, but things don't go as planned.
348	Melissa & Joey	The Day After	Comedy	9.0	Burbank, CA Joe puts his foot down on parenting Dani, but Mel - wanting to be the "cool" stepmom - lets Dani break the rules.
348	Melissa & Joey	Let's Get It Started	Comedy	9.0	Burbank, CA Mel and Joe find themselves on opposite sides when he's ready to start a family right away, but she wants to wait.
348	Melissa & Joey	Failure to Communicate	Comedy	9.0	It's Ryder's 18th birthday, and the family gathers to video chat with him, but the computer crashes before they get a chance to talk. Joe insists he can fix it, but Mel is afraid they'll run out of time, so she secretly hires a Jiffy Nerd computer technician behind Joe's back.
348	Melissa & Joey	Thanks but No Thanks	Comedy	9.0	Mel and Joe write their thank you cards to everyone who sent them a wedding gift. Mel goes overboard thanking her Aunt Bunny and Uncle Bert for a huge cappuccino machine she and Joe actually hate. She has Joe return the machine to the store, but then gets notice that Bunny and Bert are on their way to visit the newlyweds.
348	Melissa & Joey	Face the Music	Comedy	9.0	Mel gets Dani a piano and nurtures her musical skills, but Joe's not on board with this, and his puzzling behavior leads Mel to discover his hidden past as a member of a boy band. Elsewhere, Lennox gives Zander an ultimatum concerning his new girlfriend.
348	Melissa & Joey	Being There	Comedy	9.0	Joe bans cell phones and computers in an effort to increase family bonding. However, he finds himself in a difficult situation when he needs to return an important phone call about a job offer.
348	Melissa & Joey	Parental Guidance (1)	Comedy	9.0	Joe is shocked by Dani's rebellious behavior, which includes drinking alcohol and lying about it. Elsewhere, Mel is displeased to discover that Lennox is enamored with her professor.
348	Melissa & Joey	Parental Guidance (2)	Comedy	9.0	Joe contacts Felicia and updates her on Dani's bad behavior, and Felicia demands that Dani return home with her. Meanwhile, Lennox wants to follow her professor to Colombia.
348	Melissa & Joey	You Say You Want an Ovulation	Comedy	9.0	Mel and Joe decide to expand their family by having a baby. Meanwhile, Ryder makes a life-changing choice.
348	Melissa & Joey	Call Of Duty	Comedy	9.0	Mel & Joe are reeling from both the pregnancy test results and Ryder's announcement that he's joining the Navy. Feeling Ryder is completely unprepared, they hatch a plan to have Joe put him through a rigorous mock Boot Camp.
348	Melissa & Joey	You Little Devil	Comedy	9.0	Joe learns the story behind Mel's devil tattoo, and he soon regrets asking about it because he finds it unsettling. Elsewhere, Lennox and Zander must deal with an inexperienced actress as they shoot their short film.
348	Melissa & Joey	The Book Club	Comedy	9.0	Mel is thrilled when Noelle Devereaux, bestselling author of the steamy novel "Love and Bondage," pays a visit to her book club. When Nicole overhears Joe criticize her work, it turns her on, and she ends up trying to seduce him.
348	Melissa & Joey	The Early Shift	Comedy	9.0	After taking a new job with crazy hours, Joe has to down a bunch of energy drinks to stay awake for a meeting Mel has with Hank, a rich backer who might finance her Congressional run. But with Joe wired and acting weird, Hank fears he's is on drugs.
348	Melissa & Joey	The Parent Trap	Comedy	9.0	Mel tries to convince Joe to talk Gloria into drawing up a will, but Joe chickens out. So Mel invites Russell to come talk to her. Gloria is offended, but Russell soon charms her - a little too well for Mel's liking.
348	Melissa & Joey	Melissa & Joey's Frozen	Comedy	9.0	Mel and Joe get trapped in ice during an avalanche, and they awaken after 100 years.
348	Melissa & Joey	Put A Ring On It	Comedy	9.0	Mel pretends to love her birthday gift from Joe. But that turns out to be a fake gift to throw her off. Instead, he had a one-of-a-kind wedding ring made for her that she hates even more and is horrified she has to wear the rest of her life.
348	Melissa & Joey	Game Night	Comedy	9.0	Relationships fall apart during family game night.
348	Melissa & Joey	Be The Bigger Person	Comedy	9.0	Mel decides to run on a Healthy Diet campaign for her senate run, but is then caught eating a Piggy Burger by a voter. After he tweets a photo of her and calls her a hypocrite, she gets into a war of the words with him.
348	Melissa & Joey	Double Happiness	Comedy	9.0	Just as Mel is gearing up for a senate campaign, she gets some shocking news.
350	Last Comic Standing	Last Comic Standing	Comedy	none	Who will get the last laugh on "Last Comic Standing"? With hilarious celebrity judges , all-star one-on-one mentors and hand-picked stand-up comics, the ultimate comedy showdown is back and better than ever.
350	Last Comic Standing	The Premiere	Comedy	none	America's most promising comics perform for the judges and a live audience in the hope of advancing to the next level.
350	Last Comic Standing	The Invitationals - Part 2	Comedy	none	The second round of invited comics compete for a spot in the semifinals.
350	Last Comic Standing	The Invitationals - Part 3	Comedy	none	The third group of comics compete for a spot in the semifinals.
350	Last Comic Standing	The Invitationals: Last Chance to Advance	Comedy	none	The final group of invited comics compete for the remaining spots in the next round.
350	Last Comic Standing	100th Episode - The Semifinals -- Part 1	Comedy	none	The semifinal round opens with 20 comics taking the stage to do battle. Wanda Sykes serves as guest mentor.
350	Last Comic Standing	The Semifinals -- Part 2	Comedy	none	The semifinal round continues with 21 additional comics competing for a slot in the Top 10. Wanda Sykes serves as guest mentor.
350	Last Comic Standing	The Showdowns	Comedy	none	The top 10 comics compete in head-to-head showdowns; five comics advance.
350	Last Comic Standing	The Season Finale	Comedy	none	The remaining five comics perform, after which one is crowned the winner.
351	Baby Daddy	Baby Daddy	Comedy	9.5	This half-hour series is about a young man who becomes a surprise dad to a baby girl when she's left on his doorstep by an ex-girlfriend. He decides to raise the baby with the help of his mother, his brother Danny, his best buddy Tucker and his close female friend, Riley, who is harboring a secret crush on him.
351	Baby Daddy	Pilot	Comedy	9.5	Bachelor Ben discovers he's a father when his ex-girlfriend leaves their baby girl on his doorstep in the series premiere of this comedy about a young man raising a baby with assistance from his family and friends.
351	Baby Daddy	I Told You So	Comedy	9.5	In "I Told You So," the guys are adjusting to their new responsibilities of caring for Emma and it's not as easy as they thought it might be. Ben thinks he comes up with a fool-proof babysitting schedule, but after a series of miscommunications, their plan falls apart. Ben's priorities are not quite in order when he opts to go on a date with a new girl, then stay home - but all he can think about is his little girl. Meanwhile, Bonnie fears the guys can't handle the responsibility and jumps in to help, but Riley tries to convince her to give them a chance.
351	Baby Daddy	The Nurse and the Curse	Comedy	9.5	In "The Nurse and the Curse," Ben and Tucker take baby Emma to her first doctor's appointment, and Ben ends up asking Nurse Cassie out on a date. Riley is jealous of Ben's new relationship with Cassie, but tries to befriend her per Ben's request. Meanwhile, Danny has his first hockey game with the NY Rangers and he's very superstitious - he wears an old high school jersey that has never been washed to every game and Bonnie caters to his every ritual. Tucker, in an effort to clean up the apartment, washes Danny's jersey by accident and it shrinks down to a tattered mess - Danny is devastated. At the game, Riley and Cassie get into a girl fight, which is featured on the jumbotron.
351	Baby Daddy	Guys, Interrupted	Comedy	9.5	In "Guys, Interrupted," the guys appreciate all of Bonnie's help, but she is starting to become a little too overwhelming for them - showing up unexpected at their apartment at all hours. Ben looks forward to his time with Emma when he's not working, but with Bonnie always jumping in to take care of her, he's starting to miss his daddy time. Meanwhile, Riley has a new study buddy, Jack, who Danny seems jealous of, but Ben encourages her to date him. The guys try to hide from Bonnie by heading over to Riley's house, which ends up sabotaging her date.
351	Baby Daddy	Married to the Job	Comedy	9.5	Ben asks Riley to pretend they're married in order to impress his potential new boss.
351	Baby Daddy	Take Her Out of the Ballgame	Comedy	9.5	Riley becomes the captain of Ben's softball team and pushes the team too hard. Meanwhile, Bonnie begins a romance with Danny's coach; and Emma develops an aversion to eating.
351	Baby Daddy	May the Best Friend Win	Comedy	9.5	Ben and Tucker vie for the same woman's affections. Meanwhile, Danny gets public-speaking tips from Riley; and Bonnie enters the world of online dating.
351	Baby Daddy	The Daddy Whisperer	Comedy	9.5	Ben receives coaching from a supermom, who secretly has another reason for meeting with him. Elsewhere, Bonnie and Riley get accused of shoplifting when Emma grabs items in a store.
351	Baby Daddy	A Wheeler Family Christmas Outing	Comedy	9.5	Ben wants his father present for Emma's first family Christmas photo. Meanwhile, Tucker and Riley discover Danny's old high-school journal.
351	Baby Daddy	Something Borrowed, Something Ben	Comedy	9.5	In the first-season finale, Riley prepares to be a maid of honor and takes her duties seriously, while Ben expects the wedding to be lackluster and tries to add some excitement to it.
351	Baby Daddy	I'm Not That Guy	Comedy	9.5	In the Season 2 opener, Ben begins to develop romantic feelings for Riley, but his reputation for being an irresponsible playboy works against him. Elsewhere, Tucker attempts to date a model; and Bonnie uses Emma to get close to an attractive stranger.
351	Baby Daddy	There's Something Fitchy Going On	Comedy	9.5	Ben learns something surprising about Riley's boyfriend. Meanwhile, Tucker tries to impress his boss; Bonnie mistakenly forwards Riley a personal phone message from Danny; and things intensify between Danny and his new girlfriend.
351	Baby Daddy	The Wheeler and the Dealer	Comedy	9.5	In "The Wheeler and the Dealer," Ben brokers an endorsement opportunity for Danny with a new brand of Japanese energy drinks. Against Bonnie's advice, Ben convinces Danny to sign the deal, but he must pick up the pieces when things go haywire at Danny's commercial shoot. Meanwhile, Riley takes an interest in volunteering and accepts a job as a candy striper at the hospital. She doesn't feel like she's really making a difference, until a friend shows up in need of a little mouth-to-mouth.
351	Baby Daddy	New Bonnie vs. Old Ben	Comedy	9.5	Bonnie moves into Ben's building, and he and Tucker do all they can to get her to leave. Elsewhere, Danny tries to break up with Milena, but she misreads his actions and thinks he's proposing marriage to her.
351	Baby Daddy	The Slump	Comedy	9.5	In "The Slump," Dr. Shaw determines Riley is the cause of Danny's inability to focus on the ice and bans her from Danny's next game. Meanwhile, Riley thinks things are moving too fast with Fitch and starts avoiding him, and gets her hopes up that Danny will make a move. Tucker is up for a promotion at work, and his competition turns out to be Ben's latest fling, Jenna. When Jenna gets the job and threatens to fire Tucker, Ben must come to his buddy's rescue.
351	Baby Daddy	Ben's Big Gaycare Adventure	Comedy	9.5	In the episode titled "Ben's Big Gaycare Adventure," Ben tries to get Emma into daycare by flirting with the cute assistant manager, Megan. Megan insists there is no space, until she gets the idea that Ben and Tucker are a gay couple. Ben devises an elaborate plan to "break up" with Tucker in order to have a shot at dating Megan. Meanwhile, Riley worries that Dr. Amy Shaw is trying to change Danny when Danny bails on their traditional "Halfaween" costume party.
351	Baby Daddy	On The Lamb-y	Comedy	9.5	Emma loses her beloved toy lamb, so the guys set out to find it, and Ben has a particular suspect in mind. Meanwhile, Riley hosts a book club in an attempt to bond with her coworkers, but her mom and Bonnie invite themselves and cause a scene.
351	Baby Daddy	Never Ben in Love	Comedy	9.5	In "Never Ben in Love," Riley plans to break up with Fitch, but then receives the news that Fitch is dead. She meets Fitch's dad, Winston Douglas, who asks her to deliver the eulogy at the funeral and tells Riley that Fitch planned to propose to her. Meanwhile, Ben realizes he might be in love with Megan, but she thinks things are moving way too fast. Tucker embarks on his "Tucket" list of things to do before he dies and Bonnie schemes to catch the eye of Fitch's wealthy dad.
351	Baby Daddy	All's Flair in Love and War	Comedy	9.5	In "All's Flair in Love and War," Tucker's girlfriend Vanessa lands an assistant manager position at Ben's bar and makes Ben's life miserable with ridiculous hours and a new uniform. To appease his friend, Ben agrees to try to get along with Vanessa, but when she threatens his job, Ben seizes on an opportunity to get back at her by ruining a big event she's planning. Meanwhile, Danny attempts to set up Riley with a hot new teammate Gerard. Little does he know, Gerard really has eyes for Bonnie.
351	Baby Daddy	Test Anxiety	Comedy	9.5	In "Test Anxiety," Ben's feelings are hurt when Riley wants to talk to Danny and not him about her bar exam woes, but she finally confides in him that she has taken the test three times without passing. Determined to support his friend, Ben tries to convince her not to give up on her dream of becoming a lawyer. Meanwhile, Bonnie finds out that Amy has taken a pregnancy test and struggles to keep the secret, while Danny tries to win over Amy's father (guest star Andy Buckley), who clearly dislikes him.
351	Baby Daddy	Whatever Lola Wants	Comedy	9.5	In the episode titled "Whatever Lola Wants," Ben offers to dog-sit for his girlfriend Megan but the dog doesn't seem to like him much. Tucker has had it with his roommates' messy habits so Danny hires two cute girls to clean the apartment. While the boys are away, the girls rob them, and dognap Lola. Meanwhile, Bonnie convinces Riley to get a home spray tan before her interview to get her job back and ends up botching the tan. In order to prove to her old boss (guest star Kym Whitley) that she's not "too nice" to work for the firm, Riley sues Bonnie.
351	Baby Daddy	The Christening	Comedy	9.5	In the episode titled "The Christening," Ben convinces Bonnie and Ray to invite conservative Aunt Betty to Emma's baptism in the hopes she'll write a nice, fat check for Emma. The Wheelers nearly pull off their ruse as a perfectly normal family, until Ray's boyfriend Steve shows up demanding answers. Meanwhile, Ben enlists Riley to choose Emma's godfather, and she can't decide if Danny and Tucker are really up to the task.
351	Baby Daddy	All Riled Up	Comedy	9.5	In "All Riled Up," Tucker and Danny bail on movie night and Riley and Ben are left alone for the night. Based on her body language, Ben ends up thinking Riley is into him. Riley, thinking it's never going to happen with Ben, asks him to help her find the perfect man. Ben devises a plan to set Riley up on a disastrous date where he'll pick up the pieces, but it threatens to backfire. Meanwhile, Bonnie and Tucker enter a contest to become the new NY Rangers mascot and perfect a routine as the "Rangeroos," in full kangaroo costumes.
351	Baby Daddy	The Emma Dilemma	Comedy	9.5	In the episode titled "The Emma Dilemma," Ben finds out that his neighbor Kayla is hosting a playgroup for all of the kids in the neighborhood but is excluding Emma because she thinks Ben is a horrible dad. Ben devises a plan to sneak Emma into the group but when Kayla busts him, he and Tucker start a rival group of their own. Meanwhile, Danny and Amy have some relationship trouble and Danny comes to Riley for help. When Riley tries to help Danny get ready for his salsa dancing date with Amy, Amy catches them in a compromising position. Danny finds a permanent way to show Amy he is committed but ends up making a huge mistake.
351	Baby Daddy	Surprise!	Comedy	9.5	In the episode titled "Surprise!," Ben learns why Riley doesn't like celebrating her birthday and it's all his fault. He knows he needs to make it up to her and plans a perfect birthday surprise, but in typical Ben Wheeler fashion, disaster ensues. Bonnie realizes she may have made a mistake in filing Emma's parental rights paperwork and Ben doesn't officially have sole custody. Bonnie enlists Tucker's help in tracking down Emma's mother, Angela, to re-sign the papers, but bringing this baby mama back into their lives may spell trouble. Meanwhile, Amy calls Danny on his lingering feelings for Riley. The episode was written by "Baby Daddy" Creator and Executive Producer Dan Berendsen.
351	Baby Daddy	Emma's First Christmas	Comedy	9.5	Ben and Danny don elf suits while searching for a toy to give Emma for Christmas. Meanwhile, Riley and Tucker assist Bonnie as she tries to arrange a flawless Christmas.
351	Baby Daddy	The Naked Truth	Comedy	9.5	In the third-season opener, Ben and Riley embark on a romance, but it leads to some humiliation for Riley. Meanwhile, Ben won't forgive Bonnie for bringing Angela back into their lives; and Tucker guides Danny through a breakup-recovery system.
351	Baby Daddy	The Lying Game	Comedy	9.5	In "The Lying Game," Angela has been crashing in the boys' apartment, trying to spend more time with Emma and get closer to Ben. Her presence puts strain on Ben and Riley's relationship, but Ben doesn't have the heart - or the guts - to ask her to leave. Tucker plots to show Riley that Angela is trying to steal her man and Danny decides that the only way he can heal his broken heart is to get his own apartment. Meanwhile, Bonnie begins dating a younger man.
351	Baby Daddy	Lights! Camera! No Action!	Comedy	9.5	In "Lights! Camera! No Action!" Ben catches Riley in a compromising position with her ex-boyfriend Fitch, which leads to a massive blow-out between the two. Danny worries that the combination of his low stats and his Rangers jersey not selling in stores means his future with the team is in jeopardy. Tucker gets a job assisting Mary Hart on her new talk show, "The Mary Hart Show," and sets his sights on becoming a producer. Bonnie convinces Tucker to have Danny as a guest on the show to increase his popularity, but when Mary digs a little too deep into Danny's personal life, he has an emotional meltdown.
351	Baby Daddy	Bonnie's Unreal Estate	Comedy	9.5	When Riley's firm is hired to represent the scandalized Reverend Stockdale, she is charged with making sure his daughter, Piper, stays out of trouble - a task that seems relatively easy given Piper's boring personality. But when Riley's away, Piper will play, and Danny and Tucker find themselves tangled up in her wild child ways. Meanwhile, Bonnie's real estate career is off to a sizzling start when Ben unknowingly burns down her first listing.
351	Baby Daddy	Life's a Beach	Comedy	9.5	In "Life's a Beach," when Ben's rooftop beach gets shut down by the current apartment Board President, Sondra, the boys campaign to overthrow her and preside over the building themselves. The only problem is they have to decide who has the best chance to win the election, which won't easy given their spotty history with the other tenants. Meanwhile, Bonnie drags Riley on a double date with her boyfriend Brad and his twin Tad, but it doesn't take long until the ladies suspect that Brad has made Tad up in order to escape accusations of infidelity.
351	Baby Daddy	Romancing the Phone	Comedy	9.5	Ben finds the cell phone of a cute girl, Sydney, but when he's unintentionally late for their first meeting, he convinces Tucker to go in his place and take the blame. But when Sydney takes a liking to the real Tucker and asks him out, Ben is determined to prove she's interested in the wrong guy. Riley meets up with an old frenemy, Heather, and enlists Danny in her plan to prove to Heather once and for all that she's a winner. Meanwhile, Bonnie asks for Tucker's help in coming up with a catchy new slogan for her realty business, but things quickly go awry when she starts getting offers from guys interested in buying more than a home.
351	Baby Daddy	The Bet	Comedy	9.5	Ben tries to score a second date with Heather in order to win a wager with Riley. Elsewhere, Bonnie asks Danny to end her relationship with Brad for her, and then she becomes interested in Brad's dad; and Tucker uses Emma to improve his dating life.
351	Baby Daddy	A Knight to Remember	Comedy	9.5	Tucker pretends to be a lawyer in order to please his dad, and Ben helps with the charade. Meanwhile, Riley develops a crush on a British guy, but Bonnie mistakenly thinks she's fallen for Danny; and the gang's trip to a Renaissance faire goes badly.
351	Baby Daddy	Go Brit or Go Home	Comedy	9.5	Philip may lose his visa thanks to Ben. Meanwhile, Danny dates a sports reporter who criticized his hockey skills; and Tucker adopts a phony British accent to impress women.
351	Baby Daddy	An Affair Not To Remember	Comedy	9.5	Riley's thrilled to be invited to a spa day with her boss, but her excitement soon dampens when Bonnie's asked to join the outing as well. Meanwhile, Ben realizes that he used to date Tucker's new girlfriend.
351	Baby Daddy	The Wingmom	Comedy	9.5	In "The Wingmom," Bonnie sets Ben up with Bailey, a fast-talking, animated spitfire with plenty of attitude. Everything seems to be going well until Ben realizes his new girlfriend is a mini version of his mother and he has to break up with her. However, Bailey refuses to be dismissed so easily, and Ben resorts to desperate measures to get her out of his life once and for all. Meanwhile, Danny pulls his dad's beloved car out of storage, but it's a bumpy start for "Adele the Chevelle" once Tucker and Riley get a hold of the keys.
351	Baby Daddy	Send in the Clowns	Comedy	9.5	In "Send In The Clowns," Ben is determined to give Emma the perfect first birthday party, especially since his own was less than stellar. When he decides to host it at the ice cream parlor where he and Riley worked as teenagers, Ben runs into an ex-girlfriend with a mother of a secret. Danny accidentally discovers something about Riley's family that turns her world upside down. Meanwhile, Tucker is in charge of entertainment for the birthday party, a responsibility he takes very seriously.
351	Baby Daddy	Play It Again, Bonnie	Comedy	9.5	In "Play It Again, Bonnie," a lovesick Bonnie realizes how much she misses her ex-boyfriend Brad and turns to Tucker for help reuniting with her true love. But when Brad confesses that he still has feelings for Bonnie, Ben's well-intentioned but misguided advice leads Brad to make a rash decision. Riley wants to have the relationship with Margot she never had with her adoptive mom, but first Riley must learn to appreciate Margot for who she is, flaws and all. Meanwhile, Danny must stop Riley from taking the next step with Philip.
351	Baby Daddy	Livin' on a Prom	Comedy	9.5	In "Livin' on A Prom," Bonnie is tired of not being appreciated for everything she does for the boys and Emma and decides to go on strike. When it's quickly obvious they can't survive without her, Ben realizes the best way back into his mom's good graces is to take her to the Bon Jovi concert. But when Tucker unknowingly buys fake tickets, Bonnie must get through time in Bon Jovi jail, a tough security guard (Gary Anthony Williams) and a little dilemma in the green room if she hopes to meet her idol. Meanwhile, Riley and Danny return to their high school to chaperone prom and run into Vice Principal Peters, who's still inappropriately enamored with Danny.
351	Baby Daddy	From Here to Paternity	Comedy	9.5	In "From Here to Paternity," now that Riley knows the truth about Margot, she decides to find her biological father and uses her parents' high school yearbook as a guide. With a little help from Ben, Riley narrows down the possible candidates to David, the easygoing pastry chef, and Mark, the high-powered attorney. But despite some initial deception and old teenage rivalries resurfacing, Riley finally learns her father's identity. Meanwhile, Tucker is not happy about his parents' divorce and realizes the source of their problems is that Marshall is too uptight. But when Danny asks his mom to help Mr. Dobbs loosen up, Bonnie takes the challenge to a whole new level.
351	Baby Daddy	Curious Georgie	Comedy	9.5	In "Curious Georgie," Riley is looking forward to meeting Philip's sister from England, but her excitement soon vanishes when it becomes obvious that Georgie is less than impressed by her brother's taste in girlfriends. When Ben makes a huge mistake and accidentally lets it slip that he and Riley once dated, she tries to convince Philip that he's the one she wants to be with. But will Philip's doubts about her feelings for Ben put an end to their relationship? Meanwhile, Danny's contract negotiations are in jeopardy when Bonnie tangles with the Rangers' new general manager, Valerie. Once Valerie sets her sights on Tucker, Bonnie believes she's found the perfect way to seal Danny's future with the team.
351	Baby Daddy	Flirty Dancing	Comedy	9.5	In "Flirty Dancing," Riley gives Ben and Danny the time capsules they all made in the fifth grade, forcing everyone to reflect on where they are in their lives and what they really want. Although Bonnie advises Riley to figure out who she is today, she is not happy when Riley and Tucker crash her dance classes with Vladimir. Ben realizes that he's never actually accomplished anything and decides to finish at least one thing he started, so he asks Georgie out on a date. However, she is more interested in Danny, which prompts Ben to reach out to his brother's ex-girlfriend Amy in the hopes of sparking a romantic reunion.
351	Baby Daddy	Baby Steps	Comedy	9.5	In "Baby Steps," Ben can't wait to see Emma take her first steps and tries everything to get her to toddle before he has to go to work. But when even the bribery of food doesn't motivate his daughter to move, Ben reluctantly gives up and leaves. However, as luck would have it, Emma makes a beeline for Uncle Danny as soon as her father is out the door. As Bonnie, Tucker, Danny and Riley scheme to make sure Ben doesn't miss this major milestone, everyone reminisces about how far they've come as parents since the tot entered their lives.
351	Baby Daddy	Foos It or Lose It	Comedy	9.5	In "Foos It or Lose It," Bonnie decides to baby-proof the apartment and sells the foosball table to struggling fraternity Sigma Beta Kappa, unaware that Ben had been hiding money in the table for Emma's college fund. Ben and Tucker pose as pledges in order to get the money back, but their fake identities cause more trouble than they're worth. Meanwhile, Riley is not happy that Danny is dating Georgie, especially because she blames the Brit for ending her relationship with Philip. But when Georgie secures Riley an interview for the in-house counsel job at Vogue, Riley begins to look at her rival in a new light - at least until she overhears Georgie admitting the interview was bogus. Riley can't wait to tell Danny the truth about his deceptive girlfriend, but can she really break her best friend's heart?.
351	Baby Daddy	All Aboard the Love Train	Comedy	9.5	In "All Aboard the Love Train," Riley plans to attend her family reunion in Orlando, but since she hates to fly, she decides to take the train instead. Ben realizes this trip is the perfect opportunity to rekindle their romance and volunteers to tag along. However, when Riley thinks he's only after one thing, Ben manages to convince her that his feelings are genuine. Can she bring herself to trust him with her heart once again? Meanwhile, Tucker has the chance to be Mary Hart's co-host and asks Bonnie for help with his audition tape. But when Mary decides to give Bonnie the job instead, Tucker is forced to play dirty in order to eliminate the competition.
351	Baby Daddy	You Can't Go Home Again	Comedy	9.5	In "You Can't Go Home Again," Bonnie is livid when her former New Jersey neighborhood resurrects the Block Party Olympics that she created and declares war. Seeking vengeance like only Bonnie can, she drafts everyone to crash the gathering, win all the events and put an end to the party once and for all. While visiting the Wheelers' old tree house, Riley and Ben are surprised when they find Danny's childhood expression of love. Meanwhile, Danny learns Georgie is moving to Paris and realizes this could be the perfect opportunity to put some distance between himself and Riley. But given her recent discovery, what will Riley do when she learns Danny might be leaving? Is it too late for Riley and Danny to start a romantic relationship, or does her heart still belong to Ben?.
351	Baby Daddy	Strip or Treat	Comedy	9.5	In "Strip or Treat," Ben, Danny and Tucker are looking forward to attending the biggest Halloween celebration in the city, despite the fact that Bonnie thinks they should take Emma trick-or-treating instead. When their plans fall through, they decide to crash the party Riley was talking about, not knowing it's actually a bachelorette party. But when the guys are mistaken for the strippers, Ben makes a big mistake that results in them being carted off to jail. Meanwhile, Bonnie's date with Javier goes horribly wrong and she lands in jail alongside Ben, Danny and Tucker. Will Riley be able to work her lawyer magic and bail her friends out of this mess, or will everyone get what they deserve?
351	Baby Daddy	It's A Wonderful Emma	Comedy	9.5	Ben channels his inner Scrooge as he detests everything that has to do with the holiday season - the shopping, the crowds, the tree trimming, even the pageant at Emma's daycare. Adding to his bad mood are Bonnie, Riley, Danny and Tucker, who are overflowing with cheer until Ben can't take it anymore and wishes there was no such thing as Christmas. But when his wish comes true and the holiday vanishes, he unwittingly erases Emma's existence and alters the course of everyone's lives. Can Ben get his loved ones to believe in Christmas and bring Emma back before it's too late?
351	Baby Daddy	She Loves Me, She Loves Me Note	Comedy	9.5	In "She Loves Me, She Loves Me Note," even though Ben and Riley are officially back together, Ben can't shake the feeling that there's something going on between Riley and Danny. Tucker is shocked when Riley confesses that she knows how Danny feels about her. In a somewhat flawed plan, Ben decides to test Riley's feelings for his brother, so he writes Danny a love note and signs her name. When she realizes what he's done, a furious Riley tracks Ben down in the Rangers' locker room. Will she be able to convince Ben that he's really the one she wants, or is he right to wonder if there's something more between his girlfriend and her best friend? Meanwhile, as Danny gets ready to join Georgie in Paris, Bonnie realizes her cash cow is leaving and starts selling his Rangers memorabilia.
351	Baby Daddy	I See Crazy People	Comedy	9.5	In "I See Crazy People," Riley begins to doubt her future with Ben after all the signs point out the many reasons why their relationship is doomed to fail. When a psychic tries to set up shop at the bar, Ben sees this as the perfect opportunity to convince Riley that they are meant to be together. But when the cards predict a different outcome, Riley is even further convinced that they don't know each other at all, forcing Ben to bring in reinforcements. Danny doesn't want his family to know he's still in town, so he hides out at Brad the Pad's. But when Danny sends Brad on a recon mission to his apartment, Bonnie catches him and mistakenly believes Brad is there to rekindle their romance. Meanwhile, Tucker is determined to get Bonnie out of his apartment.
351	Baby Daddy	Mugging For The Camera	Comedy	9.5	In "Mugging for the Camera," Danny is now hiding at Riley's apartment, but when Ben insists on coming over, Riley realizes Danny needs to leave. Mary Hart orders Tucker to find stories about ordinary people doing extraordinary things or he's fired. When Riley is mugged, Ben fights the attacker, until he's blinded by pepper spray and doesn't know that Danny actually swoops in and saves the lovebirds. Once the story gets out, Tucker realizes that Ben and Riley are the exact guests Mary is looking for, but will the whole truth come out once they tell their story on live television? Meanwhile, Bonnie's latest get-rich-quick scheme involves dressing Emma up as different characters and posting the videos online.
351	Baby Daddy	Over My Dead Bonnie	Comedy	9.5	Danny gets nervous after landing a cameo role on "General Hospital," so he asks soap-opera fan Riley to help him rehearse. Elsewhere, Ben and Tucker assist Bonnie with a scheme to get her back into her old apartment.
351	Baby Daddy	The Mother of All Dates	Comedy	9.5	In "The Mother of All Dates," Bonnie is depressed about all the losers she's been dating lately, so Ben and Danny decide to turn her love life into a contest - whoever sets her up with a decent guy wins. Determined to beat his big brother at something, Ben sets Bonnie up with one of his customers, Frank, while Danny sets Bonnie up with Ben's boss, Henderson. After each brother does everything to make sure his man wins, it quickly becomes clear that Frank and Henderson have their own set of problems. Meanwhile, Riley and Tucker find themselves unwittingly involved in neighbor Sondra's marital troubles.
351	Baby Daddy	House of Cards	Comedy	9.5	In "House of Cards," Tucker's latest failed relationship prompts him to focus on the one that got away -his college girlfriend, Olivia. In an effort to cheer their friend up, Ben and Danny track Olivia down in the hopes of reuniting the lovebirds. When Tucker sees Olivia, he's definitely surprised, especially when he learns they are still married! Olivia promises to sign the divorce papers - but only if her unlucky husband hands over his apartment in exchange. Meanwhile, Riley is tired of being passed over for a promotion, so she takes Bonnie's advice and uses her corporate card to network and pull in new clients. But when Riley's overspending gets her in trouble, she must find a way to save her job.
351	Baby Daddy	An Officer and a Gentle Ben	Comedy	9.5	In "An Officer and a Gentle Ben," it's Fleet Week and Bonnie is getting ready to meet up with her yearly fling, Captain Hudson. But when the Captain proposes, Bonnie panics and thinks the best way to discourage the Captain is by pretending she's in love with Tucker. Ben and Riley try to define their relationship, but they keep getting their signals crossed. In an effort to move on, Ben and Tucker pose as sailors and manage to get aboard the Navy ship. But when Captain Hudson comes looking for Tucker, their real identities as civilians are quickly exposed. Meanwhile, Riley's co-worker Robyn is impressed with Danny and asks Riley to set them up. But when Robyn and Danny hit it off, will Riley recognize what her best friend really means to her?.
351	Baby Daddy	Happy Birthday Two You	Comedy	9.5	Ben panics once he realizes he forgot his mom's birthday yet again, especially since he promised her a big blowout after last year's disaster. Knowing he has a lot to make up for, Ben enlists an unwilling Danny, Tucker and Riley to quickly organize the festivities. But when Danny learns something unexpected about his own birthday, Bonnie's party takes on a new twist. Meanwhile, Emma hurts herself on Riley and Tucker's watch, prompting them to become more concerned with hiding her injury than working on Bonnie's video tribute.
351	Baby Daddy	You Give Real Estate A Bad Name	Comedy	9.5	Bon Jovi's penthouse goes on the market and Bonnie wants to be the one to sell it. However, she must go up against Brad to seize this opportunity. Meanwhile, Tucker and Riley vacation at Bon Jovi's empty place; and Danny tests Robyn and Ben's loyalty.
351	Baby Daddy	A Love/Fate Relationship	Comedy	9.5	Riley wants to share her true feelings with Danny before his romance with Robyn progresses, but complications arise. Meanwhile, Ben and Bonnie create a secret admirer for Tucker in order to boost his confidence about his love life.
351	Baby Daddy	Home is Where the Wheeler Is	Comedy	9.5	In "Home Is Where The Wheeler Is," Riley can't face the mess she has made out of her relationships with Ben and Danny, so she runs home to her mom's (Alex Kapp Horner) house in Jersey to hide from her problems. Once Ben realizes where Riley has gone, he stages a "friendervention" to get her to come home, but will Riley and Danny be able to move past their hurt feelings and go back to the way things were? Bonnie is thrilled when their next door neighbor, Evelyn, dies and plots to get the apartment listing. Once she discovers that Evelyn's granddaughter Ashley is a big Danny Wheeler fan and knows all his hockey stats, Bonnie tries to trade her son for the listing, despite the fact that Danny is still dating Robyn. Meanwhile, Tucker is determined to get his hands on the items Evelyn promised him.
351	Baby Daddy	It Takes A Village Idiot	Comedy	9.5	Emma's babysitters feel unappreciated, so they go on strike, forcing Ben to bring Emma along on his dates and shifts at work. Meanwhile, Danny and Bonnie enroll in a cooking class with her favorite chef; and Tucker tells Riley to invent a fake boyfriend.
351	Baby Daddy	One Night Stand Off	Comedy	9.5	In "One Night Stand-Off," Ben and Riley decide to play "shot and score" - whoever makes out with a stranger first wins. Riley sets her sights on Ross, a tall, dark and handsome bar patron while Ben hits it off with another customer, Jessica. But when Riley's one-night stand ends up being her new boss, she's horrified - especially when Ross gives her the best case in the firm. Things aren't going that well for Ben, either; as it turns out, Jessica's husband is Ian, the restaurateur trying to buy Bar on B. Needless to say, Ian is not happy when he learns his wife slept with his bartender and promises to ruins Ben's career. Meanwhile, Bonnie uses Riley's office for her realtor business, and Danny makes a big investment in the future.
351	Baby Daddy	Lowering The Bar	Comedy	9.5	In "Lowering the Bars," Tucker is ordered to appear in court in response to a lawsuit he filed against a construction company, so he hires Riley to be his lawyer. When the company offers Tucker a small settlement, Riley refuses to accept it and demands that Judge Johnson send their case to trial. Once Tucker admits that he can't remember what actually happened, Riley realizes she needs to get creative if she wants her first trial to be a success. Bonnie is shocked that Ben and Danny bought Bar on B and thinks they should sell it because they know nothing about owning a business. She is so convinced the guys are destined to fail that she speeds the process along, starting with a very fake health inspector. Can Ben and Danny overcome their mother-sized obstacles and prove they have what it takes to make Bar on B a success?.
351	Baby Daddy	Wheeler War	Comedy	9.5	In "Wheeler War," Ben realizes that he made a huge mistake when he drove Riley away; he never should have believed Danny and Riley have feelings for each other, especially since they're now dating other people. Ben knows Ross is all wrong for Riley, so he devises a plan to get rid of him; he's going to turn Ross into a Wheeler. Riley is furious when she discovers that her sweet boyfriend has been corrupted and declares a Wheeler War - a very rare sporting event the family made up to decide important matters. If she wins, Ben, Danny and Tucker have to stay away from Ross. If they win, the boys get to keep hanging out with him, who fortunately has no idea that he is the reason for the War. Meanwhile, Bonnie is determined to join the boys' poker game.
351	Baby Daddy	Parental Guidance	Comedy	9.5	In "Parental Guidance," Ben takes Emma to his old pediatrician for a check-up and must admit he hasn't had a physical in years. When the doctor insists Ben has an exam and finds something of concern, Ben has a bit of a panic attack about his future and worries about who will take care of Emma. He flashes forward through Emma's life as she's raised by Bonnie, Tucker and Danny and is horrified by what he imagines. Ben knows Riley is the best choice for Emma, but she has serious doubts about her maternal abilities. Bonnie has lunch with Brad, mistakenly believing that he is his twin brother, Tad. After their talk, Bonnie realizes she's still in love with Brad and wants him back. But when Brad reveals his true identity, Bonnie can't believe he's still so deceitful and never wants to see him again. Meanwhile, a flash mob yields a very surprising twist.
351	Baby Daddy	Ring Around The Party	Comedy	9.5	In "Ring Around the Party," Riley realizes that she hasn't met any of Ross's friends and decides to throw a cocktail party so she can get to know them. Ross confronts Ben about his not-so-secret feelings for Riley and tells him to back off; in fact, don't even come to the party. Not one to take orders, Ben crashes the party, but the night quickly takes a wrong turn when the boys get into a fist fight and a very drunk Tucker spills a few more secrets. Danny realizes he knows nothing about his new girlfriend, Ashley, and goes to great lengths just to find out her last name. Will Danny be able to save his relationship once she figures out how little he knows about her? Meanwhile, Bonnie has some serious explaining to do when a valuable item goes missing.
351	Baby Daddy	Till Dress Do Us Part	Comedy	9.5	In "Till Dress Do Us Part," Bonnie has a very important job for Ben, Riley, Danny and Tucker, which prompts them to think about their own lives. As their assignment goes wrong at every turn, Riley thinks about being in love with both Ben and Danny. Danny can't shake his never-ending feelings for the girl of his dreams, and Ben is determined to win his ex-girlfriend back. Meanwhile, Bonnie makes a decision that frustrates everyone.
351	Baby Daddy	What Happens In Vegas	Comedy	9.5	In "What Happens In Vegas," Riley is not thrilled when Bonnie promotes her to Maid of Honor and demands a crazy bachelorette party, while Brad asks Danny to be his best man and throw an epic, yet dignified, bachelor party. Tucker tells everyone he's going to a television convention in Detroit, but he's actually making his annual trek to Vegas, where he spends one weekend a year living his dream of being a lounge singer. When the boys discover where Tucker really is, they decide to move Brad's bachelor party to the desert, which, of course, means Bonnie and Riley are right on their heels. When they accidentally discover Tucker's act, everyone agrees to enjoy their own nights, but things get very interesting when Bonnie ends up handcuffed to illusionist Peter Oliver. Meanwhile, Danny finally admits to Ben that he's in love with Riley.
351	Baby Daddy	It's A Nice Day For A Wheeler Wedding	Comedy	9.5	In "It's A Nice Day for a Wheeler Wedding," Bonnie's special day is right around the corner, and she couldn't be happier, at least until she learns the wedding planner has quit and all of their plans literally went up in smoke. Just as Bonnie puts Tucker in charge of everything, her best friend, Charlotte, arrives for the big event and is ready to lend a helping hand. But when Charlotte takes over and everything starts going wrong, Tucker does some digging and discovers that her intentions aren't totally pure; turns out she has revenge on her mind for a long-ago grievance. Danny's recent confession that he's been in love with Riley his entire life has put Ben in an uncomfortable spot, but he knows that he can't stand in the way of his brother's happiness. In an effort to get through to Danny and Riley, Ben's wedding speech has a surprising effect on all parties involved and prompts Danny to take charge and make the ultimate romantic gesture.
352	The Exes	The Exes	Comedy	9.0	"The Exes" revolves around three divorced men, ladies man Phil (Donald Faison), homebody Haskell (Wayne Knight) and newly-single and needy Stuart (David Alan Basche). The men live together in an apartment across the hall from their divorce attorney, Holly (Kristen Johnston), who also happens to be their landlord. Holly avoids her own relationship and commitment issues by becoming immersed in the men's affairs as they put their lives back together and return to the dating scene.
352	The Exes	The Devil Wears Hanes	Comedy	9.0	In the wake of Haskell declaring his love for Nicki, Holly tries to play cupid. Stuart secretly arranges for Phil to get together with his high school crush.
352	The Exes	The Wedding Unplanner	Comedy	9.0	Holly acts as Nicki's divorce attorney, but lets her own marriage history get in the way. Elsewhere, Phil dates a much younger woman to prove he's not getting too old.
352	The Exes	Love and Death	Comedy	9.0	Holly searches for a boyfriend at a grief support group; Stuart and Haskell help Phil prepare for a talk show apperance when he suddenly develops a lisp.
352	The Exes	Gone Girls	Comedy	9.0	Holly and Nicki decide to have a girls' night out, but they end up fighting over the same man.
353	Line of Duty	Line of Duty	Drama	9.0	A drama about the investigations of AC12, a controversial Police Anti-Corruption Unit.
355	Mike and Molly	Mike and Molly	Comedy	8.0	Police officer Mike Biggs knows his way around the Streets. As a cop, Mike's not scared of anything—except dating, so he's joined Overeaters Anonymous to lose those extra pounds and gain some Much-needed confidence. When he meets Molly at a meeting, the attraction is immediate, and suddenly Mike is excited about the prospect of a new life. But now he must find the willpower to give up his beloved junk food for the apple of his eye.
355	Mike and Molly	Pilot	Comedy	8.0	When teacher Molly Flynn hears Officer Mike Biggs' "share" at an Overeaters Anonymous meeting, she's instantly smitten and invites him to come speak to her fourth grade class.
355	Mike and Molly	First Date	Comedy	8.0	When Molly gets a cold before her first date with Mike, she takes some cold medication to help her feel better...with disastrous results.
355	Mike and Molly	First Kiss	Comedy	8.0	Mike gets his ego hurt during a bowling date with Molly.
355	Mike and Molly	Mike's Not Ready	Comedy	8.0	Mike and Molly get their signals crossed when she invites him in after a date and he turns her down.
355	Mike and Molly	Carl is Jealous	Comedy	8.0	Mike invites Carl on a double date when Carl becomes jealous of the time Mike is spending with Molly.
355	Mike and Molly	Mike's Apartment	Comedy	8.0	When Mike invites Molly over to his apartment, his plans for romance are interrupted by an untimely call from his mom, Peggy.
355	Mike and Molly	After the Lovin'	Comedy	8.0	Mike comes on too strong after spending the weekend with Molly, and takes Carl's advice to play it cool.
355	Mike and Molly	Mike Snores	Comedy	8.0	Molly gets annoyed when she spends all of her time at Mike's apartment, and insists he spend a night at her place.
355	Mike and Molly	Mike's New Boots	Comedy	8.0	Molly becomes jealous when Mike introduces her as his "friend" to a woman who is clearly flirting with him.
355	Mike and Molly	Molly Gets a Hat	Comedy	8.0	When Mike's overbearing mother buys Molly a new hat as a gesture of goodwill, Molly feels obliged to invite her to spend Thanksgiving with her family.
355	Mike and Molly	Carl Gets a Girl	Comedy	8.0	When Carl borrows Mike's apartment for a date, Mike spends more time at Molly's house and ends up bonding with her mom and sister.
355	Mike and Molly	First Christmas	Comedy	8.0	Mike has no idea what to buy Molly for their first Christmas together.
355	Mike and Molly	Mike Goes to the Opera	Comedy	8.0	When Mike falls ill during a night out with Molly at the opera, Mike's mom and Molly clash over who can take better care of him.
355	Mike and Molly	Molly Makes Soup	Comedy	8.0	When Vince tries to strike up a friendship with Mike by inviting him to a big basketball game, Molly isn't pleased with their newfound bond.
355	Mike and Molly	Jim Won't Eat	Comedy	8.0	When Mike's mom, Peggy, needs gallbladder surgery, she shocks Molly by asking her to take care of her dog. Meanwhile, Molly is thrown when Mike starts talking about being buried next to her when he dies.
355	Mike and Molly	First Valentine's Day	Comedy	8.0	Mike's big plans for his first Valentine's Day with Molly are thrown into jeopardy after he accidentally runs into Molly's ex-boyfriend.
355	Mike and Molly	Joyce & Vince and Peaches & Herb	Comedy	8.0	When Mike decides that the couch is his new best friend, Molly goes out on the town with her sister, Victoria.
355	Mike and Molly	Mike's Feet	Comedy	8.0	Mike and Carl get on each other's nerves after working too many double shifts together during a snowstorm.
355	Mike and Molly	Peggy Shaves Her Legs	Comedy	8.0	When Peggy and Molly have lunch together, Mike worries that his mom is telling Molly unflattering stories about his childhood.
355	Mike and Molly	Opening Day	Comedy	8.0	Mike breaks tradition and invites Molly to join him and Carl at opening day for the Chicago Cubs.
355	Mike and Molly	Samuel Gets Fired	Comedy	8.0	When Samuel loses his job and apartment, Mike offers to let him stay at his place...with interesting results.
355	Mike and Molly	Cigar Talk	Comedy	8.0	When Joyce invites Vince to attend her high school reunion, Vince confesses to Mike that he never graduated high school, and convinces Mike to help him study for his GED.
355	Mike and Molly	Victoria's Birthday	Comedy	8.0	Victoria panics as her 30th birthday approaches, and drags Mike and Molly into her "life crisis".
355	Mike and Molly	Peggy's New Beau	Comedy	8.0	Mike feels pressured when Peggy's new boyfriend asks whether he and Molly hear wedding bells in their future.
355	Mike and Molly	Goin' Fishin'	Comedy	8.0	Goin' Fishin'" - After their engagement, trouble arises when Molly wants to start planning their wedding, while Mike wants to go fishing with the guys.
355	Mike and Molly	Dennis's Birthday	Comedy	8.0	Mike's mom, Peggy, is in for a big surprise when she celebrates her boyfriend, Dennis's, birthday.
355	Mike and Molly	Mike in the House	Comedy	8.0	When Mike moves in with Molly and her family, he has to adjust from life in his bachelor pad to a house full of women.
355	Mike and Molly	'57 Chevy Bel Air	Comedy	8.0	Molly wants to save money for their wedding, but Mike is lured into buying Vince's 1957 Chevy Bel Air.
355	Mike and Molly	Victoria Runs Away	Comedy	8.0	Despite Mike's good intentions, he adds fuel to the fire when Molly and her family get in a fight.
355	Mike and Molly	Happy Halloween	Comedy	8.0	Billy's spooked when Molly's boss invites them to a party on Halloween, a holiday he dreads.
355	Mike and Molly	Carl Meets A Lady	Comedy	8.0	Carl tries to get a date with an attractive woman he meets at the diner.
355	Mike and Molly	Peggy Gets A Job	Comedy	8.0	When Mike encourages his mom, Peggy, to get a job, he never imagines how it will interfere with Molly's life.
355	Mike and Molly	Mike Cheats	Comedy	8.0	Mike starts cheating on his diet as Thanksgiving Day approaches, but attempts to hide it from Molly.
355	Mike and Molly	Molly Needs a Number	Comedy	8.0	When Molly is swamped with Thanksgiving preparations and wedding planning, she asks Mike to help, with mixed results.
355	Mike and Molly	Christmas Break	Comedy	8.0	When Molly gets disappointing news at work, she is thrown into a funk that threatens to ruin Christmas.
355	Mike and Molly	Carl Has Issues	Comedy	8.0	Carl is confronted with his fear of commitment when he and Christina attempt to take their relationship to the next level.
355	Mike and Molly	Victoria Can't Drive	Comedy	8.0	When Victoria is arrested for various driving violations, Molly and Joyce ask Mike to help spring her from jail.
355	Mike and Molly	Joyce's Choices	Comedy	8.0	Joyce drives Vince crazy with jealousy when she agrees to have dinner with her ex-boyfriend.
355	Mike and Molly	Valentine's Piggyback	Comedy	8.0	When Mike realizes he forgot to make dinner reservations for Valentine's Day with Molly, he gloms onto Carl's elaborate plans with his girlfriend Christina.
355	Mike and Molly	Surprise	Comedy	8.0	When Molly learns that Mike hasn't had a birthday party since he was 9 years old, she decides to throw him a surprise party. Meanwhile, Samuel dates a girl he met through an online dating service.
355	Mike and Molly	Mike Likes Lasagna	Comedy	8.0	Mike is worried when Molly suggests that they write their own wedding vows, until Carl tells him to write vows like he's describing how much he loves lasagna.
355	Mike and Molly	Peggy Goes To Branson	Comedy	8.0	When Peggy goes out of town, she leaves her dog, Jim, with Mike and Molly, saying it will be good practice for having kids.
355	Mike and Molly	Molly Can't Lie	Comedy	8.0	When Mike and Molly meet with the priest at Peggy's church, Molly's forthright nature winds up costing them their wedding chapel.
355	Mike and Molly	The Dress	Comedy	8.0	Molly's dieting goes into overdrive when her wedding dress doesn't zip during her final fitting.
355	Mike and Molly	Bachelor/Bachelorette	Comedy	8.0	When Mike's dad comes to town early for his son's bachelor party, Peggy decides she should attend Molly's bachelorette bash, and proceeds to turn it into a raucous affair.
355	Mike and Molly	The Rehearsal	Comedy	8.0	With only two days to go before the big day, Mike and Molly stage their wedding rehearsal, with disastrous results.
355	Mike and Molly	The Wedding	Comedy	8.0	Mike and Molly encounter many speed bumps before they can finally make the trip down the aisle on their wedding day,.
355	Mike and Molly	The Honeymoon is Over	Comedy	8.0	Mike is inspired by their honeymoon trip to Paris to change his life and travel the world, while Molly worries how their family and friends fared at home without them.
355	Mike and Molly	Vince Takes a Bath	Comedy	8.0	When Vince throws out his back, Joyce conveniently disappears, leaving Mike and Molly to care for him. Meanwhile, the newlyweds struggle to write personalized thank-you notes for their wedding gifts.
355	Mike and Molly	Mike Likes Cake	Comedy	8.0	Molly gets frustrated when she reviews her wedding photos and sees that Mike either has his mouth open or his eyes closed in every single one. Meanwhile, Carl gets jealous when Christina's ex-husband comes back into the picture.
355	Mike and Molly	Molly in the Middle	Comedy	8.0	Mike and Molly decide the time is right for them to start trying for a baby. Meanwhile, Carl gets upset when he learns that Molly is still spending time with Christina after their breakup.
355	Mike and Molly	Mike's Boss	Comedy	8.0	Mike is forced to set up his mom with his boss, despite his many reservations.
355	Mike and Molly	Yard Sale	Comedy	8.0	With the house feeling too cramped and crowded, Molly plans a family yard sale. Meanwhile, Mike and the guys take Carl on a fishing trip to help him forget his breakup with Christina.
355	Mike and Molly	Thanksgiving Is Cancelled	Comedy	8.0	When Mike gets sick for Thanksgiving, Molly is excited that she doesn't have to cook - until Vince invites his brother to town for a homemade Thanksgiving meal.
355	Mike and Molly	Mike Likes Briefs	Comedy	8.0	When Mike gets nervous after Molly doesn't get pregnant following weeks of trying, he turns to Carl and Samuel for advice.
355	Mike and Molly	Mike Takes a Test	Comedy	8.0	Molly encourages Mike to go after a detective position, but the stress of taking the qualification exam takes a big toll on their relationship.
355	Mike and Molly	Karaoke Christmas	Comedy	8.0	Even while portraying Santa, Mike cannot contain his frustrations over Molly's Christmas spending and warns unsuspecting children about the dangers of maxing out credit cards to buy toys. Later, while Molly's family enjoys holiday festivities at home - complete with Christmas carols on Victoria's new karaoke machine - Mike and Molly get roped into spending Christmas Eve at church with Mike's mother and boss.
355	Mike and Molly	Fish for Breakfast	Comedy	8.0	In an effort to boost their chances of getting pregnant, Molly encourages Mike to join her in giving up caffeine and eating healthier, causing them both to have major withdrawals.
355	Mike and Molly	Molly's Birthday	Comedy	8.0	Mike prepares to spoil Molly for her birthday, but his plans go awry after he eats psychedelic gelato made by Victoria's friend Tom.
355	Mike and Molly	Carl Gets a Roommate	Comedy	8.0	Mike begins transforming the basement into a living area for him and Molly to live in, but the construction work is more than he - or his eyebrows - can handle. Meanwhile, Carl invites Samuel to live with him.
355	Mike and Molly	The Princess and the Troll	Comedy	8.0	Mike and Molly encourage Harry to take Victoria on a date for Valentine's Day, and everyone is shocked when she accepts. Meanwhile, Carl convinces Samuel that they will be able to meet women at the laundromat during the holiday.
355	Mike and Molly	Mike the Tease	Comedy	8.0	Mike studies male fertility and visits a clinic to ensure that his swimmers are up to the task of starting a family with Molly. Meanwhile, Vince gets a new job selling vacuum cleaners door-to-door.
355	Mike and Molly	Molly's New Shoes	Comedy	8.0	Molly enjoys a shopping spree at the mall after Mike storms off over a disagreement.
355	Mike and Molly	St. Patrick's Day	Comedy	8.0	Carl and Samuel host a St. Patrick's Day party in hopes of meeting women. Meanwhile, Molly reveals juicy secrets from her previous St. Patrick's Day excursions to Mike.
355	Mike and Molly	Spring Break	Comedy	8.0	Molly joins her sister on a spring break road trip to party with Victoria's friends from junior college. Meanwhile, Mike pulls strings with his boss to get special overtime assignments in hopes of making extra money.
355	Mike and Molly	Party Planners	Comedy	8.0	Mike's birthday wish is to have his wife and mother get along, but Molly and Peggy butt heads more than ever as they try to plan his birthday party together. Meanwhile, Samuel and Carl compete for the same woman.
355	Mike and Molly	Mike Can't Read	Comedy	8.0	After learning that Joyce gave up her artistic talents when she became a mother, Molly decides that she and Mike need to pursue new hobbies before becoming parents, so they take up roller skating.
355	Mike and Molly	Molly's Out of Town	Comedy	8.0	Mike goes on a junk food binge to cope with missing Molly while she is out of town for a teacher's conference. Meanwhile, Carl contemplates leaving Chicago after learning heartbreaking news from James.
355	Mike and Molly	School Recital	Comedy	8.0	Molly is so focused on directing a school recital that she doesn't realize a fellow teacher is hitting on her. Meanwhile, Vince convinces Mike to join him in an unusual money-making scheme.
355	Mike and Molly	Windy City	Comedy	8.0	In the Season 3 finale, Mike's mom dumps Capt. Murphy, who retaliates by sending Mike and Carl on a detail at a Renaissance Faire, where a tornado approaches while Mike and Molly each try to reach the other with important news.
355	Mike and Molly	Molly Unleashed	Comedy	8.0	When Molly finds herself at a crossroads with her career, she makes a huge decision to leave teaching to become a writer.
355	Mike and Molly	The First and Last Ride-Along	Comedy	8.0	Molly decides writing a crime novel will be her new career, so she goes on a ride-along with Mike to research a book she wants to pen.
355	Mike and Molly	Sex and Death	Comedy	8.0	Molly has a "mind-blowing" experience when she goes to Victoria's workplace, a funeral home, to research her novel. Meanwhile, Mike sneaks a peek at Molly's writing when she's out.
355	Mike and Molly	Careful What You Dig For	Comedy	8.0	Molly meets her literary idol, J.C. Small, a cynic who advises her to write about things in her life that she wouldn't want people to know. Meanwhile, Mike invites his mother over for dinner in an effort to cheer her up.
355	Mike and Molly	Poker in the Front, Looker in the Back	Comedy	8.0	Molly believes her suspicious next-door neighbor is up to no good and recruits Joyce to help her spy on him. Meanwhile, the guys get together for a poker game and end up sharing their dreams and aspirations.
355	Mike and Molly	Shoeless Molly Flynn	Comedy	8.0	Molly needs to adjust her spending habits on shoes if she wants to maintain harmony in her marriage.
355	Mike and Molly	They Shoot Asses, Don't They?	Comedy	8.0	Mike decides he needs to live everyday like it's his last after being shot during a robbery. As a result, he tells Carl it's time for him to quit the police force.
355	Mike and Molly	What Molly Hath Wrought	Comedy	8.0	Molly decides to take a break from writing her novel and accepts a job as a forklift driver at Vince's warehouse, with mixed results.
355	Mike and Molly	Mike & Molly's Excellent Adventure	Comedy	8.0	Molly is determined to get Mike out of his routine and tells him to embrace doing anything they want in life.
355	Mike and Molly	Weekend at Peggy's	Comedy	8.0	Following a dramatic argument with Joyce over money, Mike and Molly move into Mike's childhood room at Peggy's.
355	Mike and Molly	Dips & Salsa	Comedy	8.0	Mike asks Carl to replace him as Molly's dance partner at a salsa class, but gets jealous when he realizes they're having way too much fun.
355	Mike and Molly	Mind Over Molly	Comedy	8.0	Molly grudgingly goes to a therapist at Mike's urging.
355	Mike and Molly	Open Mike Night	Comedy	8.0	Confident Molly offers her wisdom to Samuel who now wants to be a standup comic. Meanwhile, Molly's advice to Harry causes him to challenge his protective mother.
355	Mike and Molly	Rich Man, Poor Girl	Comedy	8.0	Victoria brings home a new boyfriend and the entire family wonders if he's finally "the one".
355	Mike and Molly	Three Girls And an Urn	Comedy	8.0	Molly meets the best buddy of her dreams when Peggy's childhood friend comes to town, but Peggy is not keen on sharing.
355	Mike and Molly	The Dice Lady Cometh	Comedy	8.0	Molly looks to win some extra cash when she and the girls head to a riverboat casino for the weekend. Meanwhile, Mike and Vince try to enjoy some college basketball when the guys come over to watch TV.
355	Mike and Molly	McMillan and Mom	Comedy	8.0	Carl, Mike and Samuel take a road trip to Memphis to meet Carl's mother for the first time.
355	Mike and Molly	Mike's Manifold Destiny	Comedy	8.0	Mike learns a lesson after his car breaks down and he's forced to decide whether or not to accept a loan from Carl to fix it.
355	Mike and Molly	Who's Afraid Of J.c. Small	Comedy	8.0	Mike and Carl arrest Molly's literary hero, J.C. Small, for a DUI.
355	Mike and Molly	Sex, Lies and Helicopters	Comedy	8.0	Molly catches Carl coming out of Victoria's room late at night, leaving her questioning whether or not she will tell Mike.
355	Mike and Molly	This Old Peggy	Comedy	8.0	Mike wants Peggy to see a doctor after her bathtub falls through the ceiling.
355	Mike and Molly	Eight Is Enough	Comedy	8.0	Molly gets accepted into an elite eight-week writer's workshop in Iowa but faces a big decision when Mike asks her not to go.
355	Mike and Molly	The Book of Molly	Comedy	8.0	Molly returns home after eight weeks at a writers' workshop with great news: she's getting published and scored a big book advance.
355	Mike and Molly	To Have and Withhold	Comedy	8.0	Molly has writer's block, and she might lose her big advance if she doesn't cure it fast.
355	Mike and Molly	'Tis the Season to Be Molly	Comedy	8.0	Mike assures Molly he'll be home in time for Christmas Eve dinner until he and Carl end up in the back of a stolen truck. Meanwhile, Molly is upset with Vince for trying to change the family's Christmas traditions.
355	Mike and Molly	Gone Cheatin	Comedy	8.0	Guys-only fishing trip changes when Carl invites Victoria, much to Mike's dismay.
355	Mike and Molly	Molly's Neverending Story	Comedy	8.0	Molly's work on numerous drafts of her book begins to annoy Mike and the family.
355	Mike and Molly	The Last Temptation of Mike	Comedy	8.0	Guilt sets in for Mike when he flirts with a rookie cop and she reciprocates.
355	Mike and Molly	Support Your Local Samuel	Comedy	8.0	Samuel contemplates moving back to Africa when he receives a letter from his parents saying they're struggling financially.
355	Mike and Molly	Mike Check	Comedy	8.0	Molly urges Mike to go to the doctor when she learns he hasn't been in over a decade.
355	Mike and Molly	Hack to the Future	Comedy	8.0	Molly faces a dilemma when her publisher asks her to make a provocative change to her book.
355	Mike and Molly	Checkpoint Joyce	Comedy	8.0	Mike is forced to arrest Joyce for a DUI after she refuses to take a breathalyzer at a checkpoint.
355	Mike and Molly	Immaculate Deception	Comedy	8.0	Mike and Molly are excited to finally have the house to themselves for the whole weekend.
355	Mike and Molly	The World According To Peggy	Comedy	8.0	Molly plans a party after hearing that Peggy is suddenly retiring.
355	Mike and Molly	Buy The Book	Comedy	8.0	Molly's excited her book is finally out and available for purchase, but worries obsessively that no one will buy it.
355	Mike and Molly	What Ever Happened To Baby Peggy?	Comedy	8.0	Peggy makes Molly do chores in exchange for sharing tantalizing stories from her past for Molly's second book.
355	Mike and Molly	Pie Fight	Comedy	8.0	When Mike hits a personal best weight loss goal, he makes the risky decision to indulge in a slice of pie.
355	Mike and Molly	Cocktails And Calamine	Comedy	8.0	Molly is nervous about Mike attending a celebratory party her publisher puts on for her and Peggy.
355	Mike and Molly	Mudlick or Bust	Comedy	8.0	Molly surprises Peggy by reuniting her with her estranged sister, Rosemary, when they take a road trip to Peggy's hometown of Mudlick. Also, Vince and Mike experience father-son bonding when they work together to fix the water heater.
355	Mike and Molly	No Kay Morale	Comedy	8.0	When a despondent Kay returns to town, Peggy is thrilled to welcome her back to coexist in her mundane existence. However, Molly is determined to find a way to restore Kay's joie de vivre. Also, Mike and Carl work crowd control at a rally for public breast feeding.
355	Mike and Molly	Mother from Another Mudlick	Comedy	8.0	Mike meets his Aunt Rosemary for the first time and is instantly smitten by her warmth and positive attitude - which is the polar opposite of his mother.
355	Mike and Molly	Fight to the Finish	Comedy	8.0	Molly gets angry at Mike for not listening to her vent about writing with Peggy and they go their separate ways for a day.
355	Mike and Molly	Near Death Do Us Part	Comedy	8.0	After Carl has a near-death experience while on duty, he tells Mike he's going to propose to Victoria.
355	Mike and Molly	The Bitter Man and the Sea	Comedy	8.0	Mike is forced to uninvited Carl to his anniversary cruise after Carl's nasty break-up with Victoria.
356	Man Down	Man Down	Comedy	none	Comedy series written by and starring Greg Davies as Dan, a childish idiot whose world is on the brink of collapse.
357	Perception	Perception	Drama	7.8	This fascinating series features one of the most unique crime solvers on television, an eccentric neuroscience professor who is recruited by the FBI to help solve complex cases. Emmy® and Screen Actors Guild Award® winner Eric McCormack stars as Dr. Daniel Pierce, who possesses an intimate knowledge of human behavior and a masterful understanding of the way the mind works. Although Pierce's mind may be brilliant, it's also damaged as he suffers from paranoid schizophrenia.
357	Perception	Pilot	Drama	7.8	An offbeat neuroscience professor suffering from paranoid schizophrenia works with the FBI to crack intricate cases in this crime drama. In the series premiere, the professor zeros in on the death of a pharmaceutical executive.
357	Perception	Faces	Drama	7.8	Pierce is enlisted to help crack the case of a murdered mail-order bride. A twist marks the investigation when it's discovered the prime suspect suffers from an unusual condition. Elsewhere, Moretti is drawn to a handsome new professor.
357	Perception	86'd	Drama	7.8	Pierce and Moretti spring into action when a serial killer from 1986 returns and begins murdering again. Moretti receives advice about the case from her father, who investigated the original killing spree.
357	Perception	Cipher	Drama	7.8	Pierce scrambles to crack a coded newspaper message left by someone possibly connected to a murder.
357	Perception	The Messenger	Drama	7.8	Pierce and Moretti investigate the murder of a young man who was a member of a cult. Elsewhere, Pierce scores a university award for his research.
357	Perception	Lovesick	Drama	7.8	Pierce is enlisted to help the FBI investigate the slaying of a therapist. Elsewhere, Moretti inches closer to Professor Hathaway; and Haley uses Pierce as a pawn to get funding for a new building.
357	Perception	Nemesis	Drama	7.8	Pierce investigates a case revolving around a schizophrenic. Meanwhile, Moretti tries to impress her new FBI boss.
357	Perception	Kilimanjaro	Drama	7.8	Pierce and Moretti investigate the slaying of a female college student, but the case soon forces Pierce to face truths from his past. Meanwhile, Moretti reconsiders her relationship with Dr. Hathaway.
357	Perception	Shadow	Drama	7.8	A conspiracy theory swirls about an effort to cover up the murder of a senator. Pierce is on the case, but he begins to suspect that seemingly trustworthy people are plotting against him.
357	Perception	Light	Drama	7.8	New evidence emerges that gives credibility to Pierce's conspiracy theory. Meanwhile, Pierce is forced to confront truths about Natalie.
357	Perception	Ch-Ch-Changes	Drama	7.8	Agent Kate Moretti asks Dr. Daniel Pierce to determine the mental competency of a man being retried for murder. But the trial takes a shocking and unexpected turn when Pierce's findings question whether the person standing trial is the same person he was six years ago. Meanwhile, Moretti is unpleasantly surprised to discover that the Assistant U.S. Attorney prosecuting the case is her soon-to-be-ex-husband Donnie Ryan.
357	Perception	Alienation	Drama	7.8	Pierce and Moretti take on an extraterrestrial case when a woman reports that aliens have abducted her husband. When Pierce and Moretti arrive to investigate, however, they make a startling discovery. Meanwhile, things heat up between Pierce and his real-life girlfriend, Caroline, but his relationship could be jeopardized if he can't get his imaginary girlfriend, Natalie, out of his mind.
357	Perception	Blindness	Drama	7.8	When a series of bizarre public murders occur, Pierce realizes that the killer is trying to send a message about inattentional blindness, but Donnie doubts this theory. Pierce has a trick up his sleeve that can prove his point, and they must scramble to piece together the clues before the clever killer can make any more examples out of innocent victims.
357	Perception	Toxic	Drama	7.8	Pierce accepts an invitation to work on a case from a renowned environmental activist concerning a chain of abnormal neurological reactions in a group of young girls. However, upon examining the girls, Pierce discovers that a dark secret is at the root of their ailments. Meanwhile, Moretti questions Pierce's motives in working on a case without her.
357	Perception	Caleidoscope	Drama	7.8	Pierce and Morretti plunge into virtual reality to solve the murder of Kurt Simpson, a man who spent most of his time in a massive multiplayer online game called Caleidoscope. After creating an avatar of himself to investigate the crime, Pierce struggles more than ever to distinguish between reality and fantasy.
357	Perception	Defective	Drama	7.8	New brain device to control tremors seems to have a defect that turns out to be far more serious than a technical malfunction, and Pierce partners with Donnie to investigate. Their unlikely alliance is tested when the case escalates to murder. Meanwhile, Lewicki learns a valuable lesson about dating.
357	Perception	Neuropositive	Drama	7.8	When Moretti receives a deathbed confession about the hit-and-run murder of a teenager from 1992, she calls on Pierce to determine the ailing man's credibility. The case becomes complicated, however, when the alleged killer's physician, Dr. Hutchins, reveals that his patient's tumor has mysteriously disappeared. Pierce and Moretti must dig deeper into the past to uncover the truth behind a shocking series of apparent homicides.
357	Perception	Asylum	Drama	7.8	Pierce investigates a gruesome stabbing at a psychiatric hospital. Guided by his hallucination of Sigmund Freud, Pierce becomes convinced the hospital is full of dark secrets.
357	Perception	Wounded	Drama	7.8	Donnie tries to help a war hero suffering from a neurological disorder, but what starts out as a good deed ends up having major implications. Meanwhile, Pierce gets an unexpected surprise when a fling from his past shows up.
357	Perception	Warriors	Drama	7.8	Morretti faces criminal charges after taking things into her own hands while working on a dangerous case. Pierce and Donnie strive to clear her name, but as conflicting evidence builds, even Kate begins to question her own innocence.
357	Perception	Curveball	Drama	7.8	With the help of his hallucination, Hall of Famer Mordecai "Three Finger" Brown, Pierce fights for an autistic teen under interrogation for murder. Meanwhile, Dean Haley turns on the charm in order to convince a neuroscience prodigy to attend CLMU.
357	Perception	Brotherhood	Drama	7.8	Pierce and Lewicki are caught off guard when Lewicki's brother Kenny shows up unannounced. In an unwelcome turn of events, Kenny is named the key suspect in a homicide case, leaving Pierce torn between helping a friend and serving justice. Meanwhile, Lewicki is approached with a tantalizing offer that makes him question Pierce's loyalty to him.
357	Perception	Cobra	Drama	7.8	Tensions arise between the CIA and FBI after Pierce receives a tip that the CIA might be assassinating U.S. citizens. Things become more complicated when one of Pierce's close friends is murdered. Meanwhile, Moretti tries to overcome her trust issues with Donnie.
357	Perception	Obsession	Drama	7.8	Pierce's mental stability is questioned and his job threatened when he is accused of stalking his ex-girlfriend, Caroline Newsome. As the situation escalates, Moretti works to find the real stalker with help from a visiting inspector from Canada.
357	Perception	Paris	Drama	7.8	Dr. Daniel Pierce's picture-perfect new life in Paris is suddenly turned upside down after he is approached by the FBI legat to help with a dangerous international case. Meanwhile, his assistant Max Lewicki and Dean Paul Haley plot to get Pierce to return to Chicago.
357	Perception	Painless	Drama	7.8	When a prosecutor mysteriously drops dead in the middle of a courtroom, Pierce and Moretti go on the hunt for a killer. Meanwhile, Moretti and Donnie make some decisions about their future.
357	Perception	Shiver	Drama	7.8	After a young victim with a developmental disorder is taken hostage in a bank robbery, Moretti brings in Pierce to interview the boy. When they finally track down the culprits, they discover the case is about much more than money. Meanwhile, Pierce's estranged father James pays him a visit.
357	Perception	Possession	Drama	7.8	Moretti calls on Pierce to examine Elena Douglas, a woman who has confessed to murder and claims to be possessed by the Devil. Meanwhile, Donnie and Moretti's wedding plans hit a bump in the road.
357	Perception	Eternity	Drama	7.8	When renowned neuroscientist Landon Jennings is found dead, Moretti and Pierce must figure out how someone could have gained access to his impenetrable study in order to kill him. Lewicki finds himself with twice the work when Pierce's father James moves in with them.
357	Perception	Inconceivable	Drama	7.8	When an infant is reported stolen, Moretti hunts down the kidnapper and makes a very bizarre discovery. As Pierce and Moretti investigate a related murder, they find that there might be another child out there who needs their help. Meanwhile, Donnie and Moretti discuss their future together when Donnie looks into buying a house in the suburbs. Featuring guest star Jeff Branson.
357	Perception	Bolero	Drama	7.8	After Pierce witnesses a gallery owner die during a seizure caused by a video installation, he convinces Moretti that it was actually a murder. Their search for the killer puts them in the middle of a brazen art heist. As Pierce works on the case, he is forced to re-examine his relationship with Natalie. Featuring guest star Francesca Eastwood.
357	Perception	Prologue	Drama	7.8	After a missing FBI agent turns up dead, Pierce is forced to face the one case he was never able to solve. When they discover that the killer is still out there, Pierce agrees to help Moretti, against the wishes of his therapist, Dr. Rosenthal, who believes it will only exacerbate Pierce's condition.
357	Perception	Silence	Drama	7.8	Donnie and Moretti are caught in the crossfire when a sniper shoots up the lobby of the Federal Building. When Pierce determines that the shooter is afraid of Extreme Low Frequency radio waves, he and Moretti take a trip to the Quiet Zone in Virginia, where they think the shooter is hiding out. Meanwhile, an alluring woman named Shelby Buchanan courts Donnie to run for political office.
357	Perception	Dirty	Drama	7.8	When Donnie finds himself in a compromising situation, he calls Pierce for help. As the evidence begins to stack against Donnie, Pierce and Moretti struggle with their own fears and doubts, as they work to solve the case. During the chaos, Pierce must deal with his father after he assaults someone at the assisted living facility.
357	Perception	Brainstorm	Drama	7.8	After Dr. Daniel Pierce suffers a traumatic injury, his father, James, and his friend Paul Haley have to make a difficult choice on whether to allow Pierce to undergo a high-risk surgery. Meanwhile, Pierce works to solve a different kind of murder case that has him questioning everything he sees and hears.
357	Perception	Meat	Drama	7.8	When the owners of a meat company are brutally murdered, Agent Kate Moretti goes undercover to investigate an animal rights group suspected of foul play. Meanwhile, as Pierce helps solve the case, he considers making a deeply personal confession to Kate.
357	Perception	Mirror	Drama	7.8	Pierce and Moretti undercover an international scandal while investigating the murders of a Bangladeshi diplomat and a Chicago reporter. Distracted by the case, Moretti struggles with preparations for her upcoming wedding to Donnie and turns to Pierce for help.
357	Perception	Romeo	Drama	7.8	After a student is found murdered, Pierce tries to find the killer while defending the victim's boyfriend, who is believed to be mentally ill and guilty of the crime. Meanwhile, Pierce must confront his feelings as Kate and Donnie prepare for their wedding day.
357	Perception	Run	Drama	7.8	When Moretti goes missing the day of her wedding, Pierce and Donnie set off in pursuit of the runaway bride. They soon learn that Kate has been abducted by a dangerous person from Pierce's own past. Now, Pierce and Donnie must risk everything to save Moretti before it's too late.
358	Spartacus: Gods of the Arena	Spartacus: Gods of the Arena	Action	8.7	The mini-series features the bloody history of the House of Batiatus and the city of Capua before the arrival of Spartacus. Quintus Lentulus Batiatus becomes a lanista (manager) when he takes over his father's ludus of gladiators. He has ambitions of stepping out of his father's shadow by seeking recognition for his own name and achieving further greatness for his house. By his side stands his beautiful wife Lucretia who will help her husband achieve his ambitions, whatever the cost. Batiatus puts all his fortunes on the man who will gain him fame and glory. That would be his best gladiator, the Celt, Gannicus, a skilled warrior who wields dual swords with deadly purpose. Those who oppose Batiatus and his future champion(s) of Capua do so at their own peril.Purchased as an undisciplined and disheveled recruit in the first episode, Crixus the Gaul endures mockery and threats of death to become the champion after Gannicus. As Batiatus fends off repeated attempts by his professional rival Tullius to obtain Gannicus, his relationships with his father Titus and friend Solonius begin to suffer the strain of his relentless ambition. Former champion, Oenomaus, reluctantly becomes Doctore, while Syrian recruits Ashur and Dagan try to prove themselves worthy of being gladiators. Veteran gladiators Barca and Gannicus note the rising star of Crixus, as the machinations of Batiatus and Lucretia end in tragedy for several members of the household. Against all of this, the city's splendid new arena nears completion and with it the opening games that will make slaves into gods. When the arena opens, Batiatus' gladiators prevail in the contest. Gannicus again proves himself to be the champion of Capua and a god of the arena. By virtue of his win against Solonius' gladiators, he gains his freedom and Crixus becomes the new champion.
358	Spartacus: Gods of the Arena	Past Transgressions	Action	8.7	Opening a number of years before the arrival of Spartacus, Batiatus finds himself administering his father's ludus, while his father is in Sicilia living in semi-retirement. Seeking fame, he (with the support of his old friend Solonius) tries to win favor with a local nobleman, Tullius, by paying 50 denarii for a Gallic slave worth only 10 named Crixus- by noting his potential to be a great fighter. Arriving at the ludus, Crixus soon meets veteran gladiator Oenomaus (who has a slave wife named Melitta), as well as Syrian slave recruits Ashur and Dagan. Meanwhile, Lucretia welcomes the sudden return to Capua of Gaia, a young but recently widowed friend, and "party girl" from Rome who is attracted to both the delights of the ludus and of opium. In an attempt to participate in the opening games of the soon to be completed arena, Batiatus selects his most skilled gladiator, Gannicus the Celt, the original champion of the House of Batiatus, for a duel in the marketplace. Unknown to Batiatus, however, is that young Vettius, the owner of a rival ludus, is merely an agent of Tullius -- leading to deadly consequences as he is soon outmaneuvered in his own game.
358	Spartacus: Gods of the Arena	Missio	Action	8.7	A week has now passed since the murder of his bodyguard and severe beating at the hands of Tullius' men and Batiatus continues to recover. Tullius sends him a message, via Batiatus' good friend Solonius, and offers to double his offer to 400. Batiatus is in no mood to compromise, however, and soon plans his own revenge on Vettius with the aid of the Syrians. Quintillius Varis comes to Capua to select gladiators for his games, but Gaia and Lucretia seemingly bump into him, and offer to have him wait at Batiatus' house -- where Batiatus will seemingly act surprised, but then offer his ludus' services instead. Meanwhile, Doctore is irked when Batiatus criticizes him as his father's man, and names Oenomaus to succeed him. Shamed, he suddenly challenges Oenomaus to a duel, in which Oenomaus eventually kills him and becomes the new Doctore. Meanwhile, inside the ludus, Gannicus (victorious from his bout with Crixus) and Melitta are ordered to have sex for Varis' entertainment, leaving both of them troubled, but with Batiatus succeeding in securing the position of primus for Gannicus in the upcoming games.
358	Spartacus: Gods of the Arena	Paterfamilias	Action	8.7	Batiatus is pleased with himself for having arranged Varis' primus. He and the household are not, however, prepared for the sudden return of the lanista and pater familias, his father, Titus, who treats his son's caretaking skills with disdain. He laughs when he hears that Gannicus will represent the house in the games, and sets out to make amends with Tullius, thereby undermining most of the younger Batiatus' schemes. Titus manages to mend relations with Tullius and follows his terms, to pit his own men against each other in some more honorable afternoon games. While father and son are away, Varis returns to the Batiatus home with a friend, Cossutius, expecting to again experience the pleasures of his previous visit, this time with one of the virgin slave women. In the arena, Barca's lover Auctus and newcomer Crixus, duel in the arena and the lesser experienced Crixus manages to kill him, thereby earning the mark of the brotherhood. Surprised by his son's newfound gladiator, the father sees some merit in his son's plans and abilities after all, and decides never to leave the ludus again - much to his son's chagrin.
358	Spartacus: Gods of the Arena	Beneath The Mask	Action	8.7	The tensions between the younger and the elder Batiatus continue, particularly in the old arena where the elder continually reminds his son to remember his place and station. At home, the Roman women are also having difficulty accepting the father's ongoing - and seemingly permanent - presence. When Gaia meets an acquaintance at the market, she introduces him to Lucretia and he immediately comments on the pleasures available at her home. Gaia again sees an opportunity, but the elder Batiatus would never condone such debauchery. His son however manages to convince him to leave for Neapolis, ostensibly to purchase new slaves and receive the salt air. Lucretia agrees to proceed, with Selonious as chaperone, and the night seems to go well, until the unexpected arrival of Tullius, who wishes to fight Gannicus - a duel he is ordered to lose. Recovering from his wounds, Gannicus is however able to share an intimate moment with Melitta. During their liaison, Gaia underestimates Tullius and she dies at his hand. The sudden return of the Batiatus' simply make matters worse yet again, particularly for Lucretia.
358	Spartacus: Gods of the Arena	Reckoning	Action	8.7	In the wake of Gaia's death, Batiatus senior resolves to cleanse the house of her presence. In responding to his father's ultimatum that he choose between his home and his wife, Batiatus attempts to gain time is not appreciated by Lucretia who believes she would have him leave. She also has her own solution to her husband's desire for a son - via a liaison with Gallic virility in the form of Crixus. Meanwhile, Titus announces a tournament to determine the worth of the new men that make up half his stable of gladiators, with the losers to be sent to the mines. Tullius again visits the ludus, again seeking Gannicus while offering preferential matches in the new arena. Meanwhile, Melitta and Gannicus increasingly desire after one another, but Gannicus, sensing despair, deliberately lowers his guard allowing Crixus to win and sealing his sale to Tullius. Titus, weakened and now bedridden by the ongoing poisonings of Lucretia, finds himself at her mercy when the others leave seeking medicine. He is finally silenced by the honeyed-wine given to him by Tullius but poisoned by her - and, perhaps deliberately, so is Melitta. Quintus and Doctore return, and begin to mourn the dead.
358	Spartacus: Gods of the Arena	The Bitter End	Action	8.7	Batiatus now seeks vengeance against Tullius for all that has befallen him, including the death of his father. Gannicus pushes Batiatus to complete his sale to Tullius so that he may seek revenge for the House of Batiatus by killing Tullius himself, but Solonius counsels caution and a more sensible, if final, solution. Meanwhile, Naevia replaces Melitta as the personal body-slave to Lucretia, who promises her that no man will ever touch her as happened to Diona. In the end, Tullius and Vettius both fall into the trap - Tullius is bricked into the foundations of the new arena, and at the opening of the new Capua arena, Vettius informs of the sale of his ludus to Solonius and departs for Antioch. Batiatus now has a new rival, his former friend who he has distanced by his continual rebukes, and one willing to use his own methods against him. The opening games begin with the execution of prisoners (including Diona), and after winning the final mass night-battle of the opening ceremony, Gannicus (at Solonious' suggestion) receives his freedom from the magistrate. He soon departs the ludus - but not before entrusting his champion necklace to Crixus.
361	Saturday Night Live	Saturday Night Live	Comedy	4.0	"Saturday Night Live," NBC's Emmy Award-winning late-night comedy showcase, enters its 40th season in September for another year of laughs, surprises and great performances.Since its inception in 1975, "SNL" has launched the careers of many of the brightest comedy performers of their generation. As The New York Times noted on the occasion of the show's Emmy-winning 25th Anniversary special in 1999, "in defiance of both time and show business convention, 'SNL' is still the most pervasive influence on the art of comedy in contemporary culture." At the close of the century, "Saturday Night Live" placed seventh on Entertainment Weekly's list of the Top 100 Entertainers of the past fifty years.
362	Switched at Birth	Switched at Birth	Drama	8.0	Switched at Birth, a one-hour scripted drama, tells the story of two teenage girls who discover they were accidentally switched as newborns in the hospital. Bay Kennish grew up in a wealthy family with two parents and a brother, while Daphne Vasquez, who lost her hearing at an early age due to a case of meningitis, grew up with a single mother in a poor neighborhood. Things come to a dramatic head when both families meet and struggle to learn how to live together for the sake of the girls.
362	Switched at Birth	American Gothic	Drama	8.0	In "American Gothic," conflict looms between the polar opposite mothers when Kathryn questions Regina's parenting style. In addition, Regina, Daphne's mother, refuses to join the Kennish's in their efforts to sue the hospital that made the life-altering mistake of switching the girls at birth, leaving Kathryn to wonder, what is this stranger hiding? As the girls struggle to adjust to life together, Bay, begins seeing Ty, a boy from Daphne's old neighborhood, while Daphne goes on a date with Liam, totally unaware that he's Bay's ex-boyfriend. While Bay may have met the one guy who can keep up with her rebellious ways, Daphne, unfortunately, realizes dating a hearing person may be more difficult than she had anticipated.
362	Switched at Birth	Portrait of My Father	Drama	8.0	In "Portrait of My Father," now that Regina and Daphne have completely moved into the Kennish's home, many of Kathryn's friends and neighbors have begun asking questions. Kathryn decides it's best to keep their situation a secret and devises a lie, in an effort to protect Bay, who quickly becomes victim to town gossip. Bay asks Daphne more about her biological father, but is shut down, leaving her more determined to further investigate. Meanwhile, John gets involved in Daphne's basketball games, and it's there that he meets Melody, Regina's best friend and Emmet's mother, who also happens to be the school counselor and fill-in coach at Daphne's school.
362	Switched at Birth	Dance Amongst Daggers	Drama	8.0	In "Dance Amongst Daggers," tensions continue to grow while Kathyrn hosts the annual school benefit at the Kennish residence, where her new family becomes a spectacle for all of Mission Hills to gossip about. Toby and his friend Wilke's band are excited to perform at the benefit, but they're in need of a drummer - can Daphne's deaf friend Emmett really play the drums? As the night goes on, Daphne is faced with a heartbreaking decision -- to choose between a family she barely knows and an exciting new love interest who makes her feel that being deaf is not an issue. Meanwhile, Melody and John appear to be establishing a bond during the benefit. As rumors fly about the family's real situation, Kathryn has a difficult time accepting her husband's new friend. Making matters worse, Regina accepts a dinner invitation from the ex-husband of one of Kathyrn's best friends.
362	Switched at Birth	Dogs Playing Poker	Drama	8.0	In "Dogs Playing Poker," after being caught sneaking out to be with Ty, the Kennishes force Bay to invite him over for dinner. Knowing this dinner is going to be an interrogation, Bay tries to prepare on all levels, but nothing can prepare her for the secret Ty reveals. Meanwhile, Toby recruits Daphne and Emmett to help him win a game of poker, but unbeknownst to them, this is a high stakes game and Toby may be in some serious financial trouble. With pressure to help her new brother, Daphne becomes conflicted when her morals start to outweigh her loyalty.
362	Switched at Birth	The Persistence Of Memory	Drama	8.0	In "The Persistence of Memory," Bay is haunted by an old photo of a pregnant Regina and asks Emmett to help her find her biological father. With Emmett's assistance, the two manage to find his car in an abandoned junkyard, but just as Bay is about to give up, she notices a guitar pick that leads her one step closer to finding her father. Meanwhile, Daphne enrolls in the advanced cooking class at Buckner Hall where she soon realizes their kitchen does not cater to deaf people. After feeling embarrassed by an accident while in class, Daphne almost gets hit by a car, causing her to think for the first time that a cochlear implant might be a good idea. Meanwhile, Toby gets himself further into trouble when he conspires with Wilke to break into the school to steal a test.
362	Switched at Birth	The Stag Hunt	Drama	8.0	In "The Stag Hunt," Bay searches the internet and thinks she has found her birth father, Angelo, and asks Emmett -- who has been helping Bay try to find him -- and Daphne to go with her to meet him. When Daphne finds out that Bay and Emmett have been getting together to track down her birth father, she grows increasingly upset and maybe a little jealous that they kept this a secret. Even though she's angry with them, Daphne chooses to go in hopes of confronting the man who once abandoned her, but is this the right Angelo Sorrento? Meanwhile, John and Kathyrn try to find out why the hospital board has rescinded the settlement offer - which they learn may have something to do with Regina. But what could she be hiding?
362	Switched at Birth	The Homecoming	Drama	8.0	In "The Homecoming," Bay's biological father, Angelo, shows up at her school art show, causing Bay much stress. Not sure how to react, she decides she does not want anything to do with him, until the curiosity is too much to bear. After a brief encounter, Bay introduces Angelo to the Kennishes and Daphne, who has no memory of the man who walked out on her. Unable to figure out why he is here, Regina assures the Kennishes that leaving is Angelo's specialty, and they will not have to worry about his presence for long. Although Regina is furious with Angelo, it becomes clear the two have a more complicated history than any have realized. Meanwhile, Daphne decides to tell Emmett how she feels about him, triggering a whole stream of emotions for Emmett who has always loved her. Although Emmett knows picking Daphne would be easier than dating Bay, he finds his choice harder to make than he ever expected.
362	Switched at Birth	Write A Lonely Soldier	Drama	8.0	In "Write a Lonely Soldier," Bay hears the news of a deadly crash in Afghanistan and gets nervous that Ty might be injured when she doesn't hear back from him within a few days. Emmett is jealous to learn that Bay has been emailing Ty while he's away, which puts some strain on their relationship. At the same time, Daphne starts to question her relationship with Wilke and asks that he start to learn some ASL. Daphne is confronted by a new guy at Carlton school, Travis, who questions her loyalty to the school and the program. But, when Daphne's complaints about Travis get him fired from his job at the school, she helps him get a job at John's car wash. Travis proves to be a problem there as well. And, the Kennish's lawyer, Craig, finds out that Kathryn gave the nurse some money which jeopardizes their entire case.
362	Switched at Birth	Mother And Child Divided	Drama	8.0	While Regina has been away at rehab, Daphne has grown closer to the Kennish family, spending her days at their country club and her nights in their guest room. This new family dynamic does not sit well with Regina, who unexpectedly returns home early in hopes of spending more time with Daphne. Bay begrudgingly starts working at her dad's office and, when her car breaks down near a local carnival, runs into her ex-boyfriend, Ty, who has returned from serving in Afghanistan. Meanwhile, Travis talks Emmett into bringing some girls over to the house while Melody is out of town, and Kathryn's elaborate ideas for Toby and Nikki's rehearsal dinner rubs Nikki the wrong way.
362	Switched at Birth	Ecce Mono	Drama	8.0	What if Regina had told the hospital about the switch when she discovered it years ago? And what if both girls had been raised in the privileged Kennish household from age three? In "Ecce Mono," this alternate reality is revealed: Daphne has a cochlear implant, and doesn't know American Sign Language. Having been spoiled by her parents to make up for the switch, she's manipulative and not the best student. Bay, on the other hand, is a straight-A student, often trying to compensate for being the Kennishes' non-biological daughter. In addition, Kathryn is a successful author of bodice-ripping novels and, while still married to State Senator John Kennish, their marriage is far from perfect.
362	Switched at Birth	Yuletide Fortune Tellers	Drama	8.0	As the holidays approach, Bay bristles at Kathryn's festive holiday spirit, complete with homemade peanut brittle and Christmas karaoke, while Daphne is frustrated with Regina's usual tradition of movies and Chinese food for Christmas. Then, after a joint family dinner including "magical" garlic knots, they wake to discover that the switch never happened. In this alternate life, Bay is an Olympic hopeful and Daphne is a successful artist with an upcoming exhibit. Is it the Christmas miracle they've always wanted? Could they even get back if they tried?.
362	Switched at Birth	Art Like Love is Dedication	Drama	8.0	Bay tries to figure out how she can pursue an art career. Regina invites Eric and his son to stay with her temporarily. Mingo asks Daphne to hang out.
362	Switched at Birth	The Player's Choice	Drama	8.0	Iris suggests that Daphne join a sorority in order to experience more of college life. Meanwhile, Bay tries to mend Travis and Mary Beth's relationship, which has been hurt by his newfound popularity; and Toby wants Lily to move in with him.
362	Switched at Birth	There is My Heart	Drama	8.0	Intent on making their relationship work, Bay surprises Emmett with a visit to Los Angeles while he's shooting his first big class project. Daphne is distraught with her performance in school and the idea of letting Bay and her family down. Kathryn and Toby get the chance to have their musical produced.
362	Switched at Birth	To Repel Ghosts	Drama	8.0	Bay is left heartbroken by her breakup with Emmett. Meanwhile, John and Kathryn get bad financial news; Daphne's friends aren't as crazy about Mingo as she is; Regina researches Eric's ex-wife; and someone has a surprising pregnancy revelation.
362	Switched at Birth	How Does a Girl Like You Get to Be a Girl Like You	Drama	8.0	Bay enrolls in a class at UMKC and finds herself in the spotlight because of the school's new harassment policy. Meanwhile, Daphne's scholarship is in jeopardy; John faces economic troubles; and Daphne has doubts about her relationship with Mingo.
362	Switched at Birth	Between Hope and Fear	Drama	8.0	Travis visits Emmett in Los Angeles and is displeased with how his friend has changed. Meanwhile, Eric wants Regina to move in with him, but Regina wants to learn more about Will's mother first; and a stressed-out John takes his anger out on Toby.
362	Switched at Birth	We Mourn, We Weep, We Love Again	Drama	8.0	Bay discovers that Regina's moving. Meanwhile, Kathryn and John consider endorsing products to improve their economic situation; Daphne attempts to become the safety captain at her dorm; and tension mounts as Angelo's birthday nears.
362	Switched at Birth	Instead of Damning the Darkness, it's Better to Light a Little Lantern	Drama	8.0	Daphne, Bay and Travis head to Mexico on spring break to do volunteer work with Melody. While there, Daphne forms a surprising bond with another volunteer, Bay's anger erupts and Melody's boyfriend presents her with a life-altering suggestion.
362	Switched at Birth	Borrowing Your Enemy's Arrows	Drama	8.0	Daphne and Mingo are excited to introduce their parents until they learn that there's already bad blood between them. Meanwhile, Bay's date with Garrett takes an awkward turn when she runs into Tank.
366	Sirens	Sirens	Comedy	8.8	From the distinct comedic point of view of Denis Leary and Bob Fisher, SIRENS follows three of Chicago's best EMTs whose sometimes silly, self-righteous and even self-destructive personalities make them unqualified for sustaining relationships, friendships and most occupations. They are, however, uniquely qualified for saving anyone who winds up in their ambulance. Johnny (Michael Mosley) is a good-looking, sports-loving, Chicago EMT working with his best friend Hank (Kevin Daniels). Brian (Kevin Bigley) is a wide-eyed and excitable new EMT who still lives with his parents. Jessica McNamee will play the female lead, Theresa, a smart female cop with the Chicago PD who still loves her ex Johnny, but ultimately had to move on when he wouldn't commit.
366	Sirens	Superdick	Comedy	8.8	When the guys save a landlord with a nut allergy, Johnny finds the perfect apartment to share with Theresa, and his relationship with her enters a new "territory." Meanwhile, Brian tries to understand the terms of his platonic love affair with Voodoo, Billy starts dating Theresa's sister, and Hank has to wonder if he's looking for love in the right places.
366	Sirens	Johnny Nightingale	Comedy	8.8	The murky relationship between the caregiver and the cared-for is exposed when Johnny encounters an overly grateful patient and Brian agrees to escort an injured young woman to her prom.
366	Sirens	Briandipity	Comedy	8.8	The guys explore ideas of fate and serendipity after several random but fortuitous events, and Johnny gets bent out of shape when he discovers that Theresa doesn't think it was "destiny" that they met.
366	Sirens	Transcendual	Comedy	8.8	After the guys treat an overly ambitious gym rat (Mike "The Miz" Mizanin), Johnny and Hank are pumped when they get free passes at a health club loaded with attractive people. Meanwhile, Voodoo tests the limits of Brian's ability to remain in a sexless relationship.
366	Sirens	Screw the One Percent	Comedy	8.8	Johnny has to deal with his prejudice against "rich white guys" when Hank starts dating Johnny's wealthy landlord. Meanwhile, Billy helps Brian work through his heartbreak after Voodoo starts seeing a guy she met on an asexual message board.
366	Sirens	Let Pythons Be Pythons	Comedy	8.8	The guys confront chaos when a car crash at a firehouse releases an unusual passenger. Meanwhile, Billy deals with a different sort of chaos when he accompanies Theresa and Maeve to a sample sale.
366	Sirens	Hypocritical Oath	Comedy	8.8	The guys save a mobster; Brian wants to make changes to the rig; Hank wonders who may been the worst person he's helped; and Hank looks for his old neighborhood pony.
366	Sirens	Charbroiled	Comedy	8.8	A drunken brawl between Cubs and Sox fans reverberates at a family barbecue where petty disputes play out over a new gas grill and a big punch bowl full of Hurricanes.
366	Sirens	Balls	Comedy	8.8	Things get mixed up when Johnny, Theresa, Billy, and Maeve start playing tennis together. Later, Cash helps Hank shop for his mom's (Loretta Devine) birthday, while Brian subs in for him riding along with Voodoo and Stats.
366	Sirens	Six Feet Over/Under	Comedy	8.8	When Johnny's dad (Lenny Clarke) goes into a coma, Johnny's mom (Jean Smart) deals with her grief by placing bets on the time of her ex-husband's death and Johnny handles his own grief by trying to pay off an old debt. Meanwhile the guys can't get an unfortunate song out of their heads.
366	Sirens	No Love	Comedy	8.8	After Johnny sees how much respect Theresa gets on the job, he gets the guys to revive an old program in order to get a little respect for EMTs.
366	Sirens	Sub-Primal Fears	Comedy	8.8	After the guys treat a man (Wayne Knight) with a deep fear of hospitals, Brian confronts his own fear of moving out. Meanwhile, Johnny has a fear realized when Billy temporarily moves in with him and Theresa.
367	Six Feet Under	Six Feet Under	Drama	8.7	When death is your business, what is your life? For the Fisher family, the world outside of their family-owned funeral home continues to be at least as challenging as--and far less predictable than--the one inside.
368	Red Dwarf	Red Dwarf	Comedy	8.5	Lost in space and light years away from earth is the Jupiter Mining Ship Red Dwarf. In the late 22nd century, an on-board radiation leak kills all of the crew except for low-ranking technician Dave Lister, who is in suspended animation at the time, and his pregnant cat, Frankenstein, who is safely sealed in the cargo hold.
371	The Red Road	The Red Road	Drama	9.0	Lines will be crossed when tragedy forces two men, an ex-con & a local cop, to face devastating secrets.
371	The Red Road	Gifts	Drama	9.0	In the Season 2 premiere, Kopus is released from jail and returns home with an ankle monitor, while Harold deals with locals who are not happy about the Lenape tribe receiving federal recognition, and a murder is committed on the mountain.
371	The Red Road	Graves	Drama	9.0	Kopus hides the found money in Mac's house; the Jensen family is greeted oddly by Marie at Mac's funeral; and a medicine woman tells Jean of an alternative treatment for her schizophrenia.
371	The Red Road	Intruders	Drama	9.0	Harold, Jean and her parents discuss the ramifications of Capt. Warren's suicide, while Marie and the Tribal Council have a sitdown about the casino issue.
371	The Red Road	A Cure	Drama	9.0	Harold believes his career may be over, but after a meeting with the mayor he learns the gun found on the dead man is the same one used to kill Mac. Later, Harold receives a cryptic note from Capt. Warren and visits Jack to get things straightened out.
371	The Red Road	The Hatching	Drama	9.0	Jean, reeling from Rachel's trauma, disposes of her pills; Harold uncovers a clue in the mine and Jean informs him that her father may know more than they think; Kopus searches for Harold to tell him that Junior could be on his way to kill Levi.
371	The Red Road	Shadow Walker	Drama	9.0	In the Season 2 finale, Harold and Kopus find Junior in the woods, where Kopus distracts Levi's men to allow Harold and Junior to escape. Meanwhile, in New Jersey, Jean is spiraling further out of control.
374	Inside No. 9	Inside No. 9	Comedy	9.3	A season of comedies by Steve Pemberton and Reece Shearsmith, each one oozing with dark humour and unexpected twists.
374	Inside No. 9	La Couchette	Comedy	9.3	Chilling comedy. On board the sleeper from Paris to Bourg St Maurice, a motley collection of passengers try to sleep as the train makes its way across France.
374	Inside No. 9	The 12 Days Of Christine	Comedy	9.3	Christine Clarke brings a new man back to her flat from a New Year's Eve party, and immediately her life starts to unravel. Who is the terrifying stranger that keeps appearing in the flat at night?
374	Inside No. 9	The Trial Of Elizabeth Gadge	Comedy	9.3	Chilling comedy. Two witch-finders are summoned by Sir Andrew Pike to the village of Little Happens in order to try a defenceless old woman.
375	Broad City	Broad City	Comedy	7.5	Two friends navigate through their 20s in New York City in pursuit of themselves.
375	Broad City	What a Wonderful World	Comedy	7.5	A comedy following the antics of a pair of twentysomething best friends in New York City begins with Abbi and Ilana trying to scrounge up the money to buy tickets for a secret Lil Wayne concert.
375	Broad City	Pu$$y Weed	Comedy	7.5	The ladies' grown-up behavior includes Abbi buying marijuana and Ilana doing her taxes.
375	Broad City	Working Girls	Comedy	7.5	Ilana works as a temp to make extra cash; Abbi promises a neighbor she'll wait for his package, but misses its delivery, so she goes to extremes to recover it.
375	Broad City	The Lockout	Comedy	7.5	Abbi bug bombs her apartment, and Ilana loses her keys, so the ladies face a life on the streets just in time for Abbi's first art gallery show.
375	Broad City	Fattest Asses	Comedy	7.5	Abbi thinks she's too nice, so she tries out a bad-tempered personality when she and Ilana attend a swanky party, where they meet some interesting DJs.
375	Broad City	Stolen Phone	Comedy	7.5	A search for guys online makes Abbi and Ilana want to meet men in real life.
375	Broad City	Hurricane Wanda	Comedy	7.5	The women ride out a storm with Jaimé, Lincoln and Jeremy, but are also joined by Bevers and his sister, much to their chagrin.
375	Broad City	Destination: Wedding	Comedy	7.5	The ladies go to a wedding with Lincoln and some former coworkers, but Ilana is distracted by Abbi's past friendships.
375	Broad City	Apartment Hunters	Comedy	7.5	Abbi's ecstatic after selling her art, but decides she needs a new apartment when she can't take Bevers' nonsense anymore. Meanwhile, Ilana has her hands full dealing with a cable company and a creepy ex.
375	Broad City	The Last Supper	Comedy	7.5	Abbi celebrates her birthday at a fancy restaurant, where she owns up to her nasty personality, while Ilana experiences self-inflicted side effects of their extravagant meal.
375	Broad City	In Heat	Comedy	7.5	In the Season 2 premiere, Ilana looks for a gift for Lincoln, while Abbi tries to find an air conditioner for her bedroom.
375	Broad City	Mochalatta Chills	Comedy	7.5	Abbi gets an opportunity to advance at Soulstice when she's finally able to train someone; Ilana achieves success in the corporate world.
375	Broad City	Wisdom Teeth	Comedy	7.5	Abbi's has her wisdom teeth removed, so Illana offers to nurse her back to health with a combination of drugs and a lack of supervision.
375	Broad City	Knockoffs	Comedy	7.5	Abbi and Jeremy's date has a surprise ending; Ilana and her mom look for the perfect handbag all over the city.
375	Broad City	Hashtag FOMO	Comedy	7.5	A search for a great party reveals a side of Abbi that confirms Ilana's greatest fear.
375	Broad City	The Matrix	Comedy	7.5	Abbi and Ilana go to the park to leave their electronic gadgets behind for a day, and get involved in in-line skating, a canine wedding and an emergency medical situation.
375	Broad City	Citizen Ship	Comedy	7.5	Jaimé's U.S. citizenship is a cause for celebration, but Abbi and Ilana are annoyed with Bevers, who can't keep a promise about beverages.
375	Broad City	Kirk Steele	Comedy	7.5	Abbi makes a discovery about Trey's past that alters the balance of power at Soulstice; Ilana mentors a younger generation.
375	Broad City	Coat Check	Comedy	7.5	Abbi tries to return a coat that was lost; Ilana embarks on a new relationship, but has a feeling of déjà vu.
375	Broad City	St. Marks	Comedy	7.5	Ilana's 23rd birthday party is interrupted by a runaway teen who leads the celebration on a chase through St. Mark's Place.
377	The Musketeers	The Musketeers	Adventure	8.3	A thrilling world of action, adventure and romance inspired by Dumas' legendary characters.
377	The Musketeers	Friends and Enemies	Adventure	8.3	The brightest and best musketeers of the King's Regiment, Athos, Porthos and Aramis, are dispatched by Captain Treville to find a missing musketeer carrying important letters on behalf of King Louis. But Cardinal Richelieu has plans to increase his political power and seeks to sabotage the good reputation of the musketeers. Meanwhile, d'Artagnan travels from his family farm in Gascony to Paris to petition the king, but his peaceful plans are turned upside down when he is forced to find the musketeers and seek vengeance for the brutal murder of a loved one.Will d'Artagnan bring the murderer to justice and can the musketeers protect king and country? Or will the cardinal triumph with the help of the beautiful and dangerous Milady?
377	The Musketeers	Sleight of Hand	Adventure	8.3	Notorious criminal Vadim seeks to make life unbearable for the authorities that have imprisoned him. When he engineers a full-scale riot it falls to the Musketeers to protect those whom he seeks to destroy. Will the Musketeers discover his plan in time and stop him from endangering the monarchy? And can the inexperienced d'Artagnan prove he is worthy of becoming a Musketeer or do his loyalties lie elsewhere?
377	The Musketeers	Commodities	Adventure	8.3	The Musketeers are dispatched to Le Havre to collect the infamous merchant trader and explorer Bonnaire and bring him back to Paris to be reprimanded for breaking France's trade treaty. This straightforward mission soon descends into a treacherous battle, as they must defeat Bonnaire's surprising number of enemies. Athos is forced to confront his past, which threatens to engulf him. Will he overcome his demons and help the Musketeers safely return to Paris, or will Bonnaire's enemies get the better of them?
377	The Musketeers	The Good Soldier	Adventure	8.3	When Aramis's old friend Marsac, a former musketeer, unexpectedly returns to Paris, the musketeers are thrown into turmoil, fully aware that they should report him for desertion. His appearance coincides with the royal visit of the king's beloved sister and her husband, the Duke of Savoy, whom the musketeers must protect. Marsac believes he finally knows the truth behind the infamous massacre which killed his troop, and wants Aramis's help to prove it. Despite their misgivings, will the musketeers help and can they prevent Marsac exacting his own revenge?
377	The Musketeers	The Homecoming	Adventure	8.3	Porthos wakes up from his drunken birthday celebrations with no memory of the night before. This would not be unusual, but for the dead body by his side... After being unjustly sentenced to death, he is abducted to the dangerous Court of Miracles, the streets of his childhood. In order to save him, the Musketeers must prove his innocence. Their investigations uncover a tangled web of divided loyalties and greed, and they risk their lives to infiltrate the unruly slums of the Court of Miracles before it is too late.
377	The Musketeers	The Exiles	Adventure	8.3	Aramis and d'Artagnan are thwarted in their task to transport a young woman and her baby from a village outside Paris to the palace when armed men abduct her baby. They must find out who she is exactly and why anyone would go to such lengths to kidnap her son. Meanwhile, the king's royal hunting party is disrupted by the sudden appearance of Louis' banished mother, Marie de Medici, seeking royal protection from an unknown assassin. The Musketeers must fight to protect both mother and baby while also loyally defending the throne.
377	The Musketeers	A Rebellious Woman	Adventure	8.3	Following the tragic death of a young girl underneath the royal carriage, The Musketeers' investigations into her missing friend lead them into the world of a highborn and enlightened woman, Ninon, who really gets under Athos' skin. The Musketeers are forced to put aside their animosity towards the Cardinal when his life is placed in danger, and rescue this extraordinary woman.
377	The Musketeers	The Challenge	Adventure	8.3	The Musketeers are tasked with bringing the fearsome Labarge, a regional intendant under arrest for the murder of two Musketeers, to Paris. The Red Guards, resentful of the Musketeers' handling of him, initiate a vicious fight between the two regiments. Fed up with the disruptive rivalry between the Musketeers and the Red Guards, the king calls a contest between them to settle which one is stronger once and for all. D'Artagnan is determined to be chosen to fight so that he can prove himself worthy to be a Musketeer. But first he has to learn to control his impetuous nature and to fight with his head, not his heart.
377	The Musketeers	Knight Takes Queen	Adventure	8.3	Queen Anne's taking of the waters is cut short when her life is put in mortal danger. Meanwhile Louis dines with wealthy German banker Count Mellendorf, who is looking for a French match for his beautiful daughter. As the Musketeers try to spirit Anne back to Paris, they're forced to seek refuge in a fortified convent, where Aramis comes face to face with his past. Under siege and fearful for their lives, the mother superior and nuns help the Musketeers to defend the convent, but what will they do once they run out of ammunition?
377	The Musketeers	Musketeers Don't Die Easily	Adventure	8.3	The series reaches its thrilling climax as an unexpected rift between the Musketeers threatens to blow them apart. Athos takes a woman hostage in the square, and the Musketeers are amazed to discover he is threatening none other than Milady. Athos is furious when he finds out that D'Artagnan knows her, testing their friendship to its limits. D'Artagnan is forced to do the unthinkable and seeks Milady's help. The cardinal, fearful the Musketeers will prove he masterminded the attempt on the queen's life, compels Milady to kill them by any means. Milady has no choice but to revisit her dark past, and in doing so puts Constance into danger. The Musketeers must use all their wits and courage to outsmart her and save Constance. Can the Musketeers restore their team and bring Milady and the cardinal to justice? Or will Milady finally wreak her revenge?
377	The Musketeers	Keep Your Friends Close	Adventure	8.3	The Musketeers are sent to retrieve the Comte de Rochefort, the Cardinal's man in Madrid, who has escaped from a Spanish prison and brings news that the chief author of France's military strategy against Spain, General De Foix, has been captured. The Musketeers must join forces with Rochefort to rescue De Foix before this critical information falls into the wrong hands, but can Rochefort be trusted, and will the Musketeers succeed against the traps laid for them?
377	The Musketeers	An Ordinary Man	Adventure	8.3	King Louis demands to experience the life of his carefree subjects, but his night of fun quickly comes to an end when he and d'Artagnan are mistaken for commoners and kidnapped by the notorious criminal Lemaitre to be sold to Spain as slaves. The musketeers must find and rescue d'Artagnan and the king. Can they save Louis from mortal danger and will they return him to the palace in time for the dauphin's christening? Meanwhile Rochefort uses the king's absence to become closer to Queen Anne.
377	The Musketeers	The Good Traitor	Adventure	8.3	When a Spanish general, Tariq Alaman, offers to hand over the formula of a unique and deadly gunpowder in exchange for help rescuing his kidnapped daughter, the Musketeers find themselves tangled in a complex web of political trades with the Spanish. Their mission is further complicated when Porthos is captured by Spanish agents. Meanwhile, when the dauphin becomes seriously ill, Constance takes matters into her own hands and risks everything to save his life.
377	The Musketeers	Emilie	Adventure	8.3	The Musketeers investigate Emilie of Duras, a woman claiming to have visions from God which instruct her to lead her thousands of followers into war with Spain. As word of Emilie's visions triggers violent anti-Spanish riots, Aramis is sent to discredit her before she pushes France into an ill-timed war with Spain. Meanwhile Rochefort continues to clash with Spanish Ambassador Perales. He resorts to blackmail and murder to resolve the problem.
377	The Musketeers	The Return	Adventure	8.3	When Athos is kidnapped and taken back to his estate of Pinon, the Musketeers go in search of him. They find themselves in the middle of a battle against Baron Renard, who is shocked by Athos' decision to reject his nobility and is determined to seize the land for himself. As the Musketeers train the people of Pinon in combat and defend them against multiple attacks, Athos is forced to confront his past when he encounters an old friend whose life was ruined by his actions years ago.
377	The Musketeers	Through a Glass Darkly	Adventure	8.3	Renowned astronomer Marmion gathers the royal household to his impressive observatory in a transformed old fort to watch a solar eclipse. The Musketeers and Rochefort escort them but could never have predicted the twist in fate that ensues and the impossible choices that must be made. Who is Marmion really and what is his game? The Musketeers are forced into the fight of their lives with dramatic consequences. Will they accept Milady's help despite their mistrust of her? It might be their only chance to save the king, queen and themselves.
377	The Musketeers	A Marriage of Inconvenience	Adventure	8.3	The king's cousin is ambushed while under Musketeer escort as she travels from Mantua to Sweden to make a political marriage that will be advantageous to France. The Musketeers must quickly discover who is targeting her to keep both her and the alliance between countries protected. However, it emerges that other important figures at court also appear to be in danger. Who is the killer and could he already be inside the palace walls?
377	The Musketeers	The Prodigal Father	Adventure	8.3	Porthos uncovers the truth about his parentage and demands answers from his new-found father. As he learns more about his past, Porthos questions his place in the Musketeers regiment. However, the Musketeers have suspicions about Porthos' new family, wondering whether he should trust them. Can they save Porthos from the dangers that lie ahead, and where do his true loyalties lie?
377	The Musketeers	The Accused	Adventure	8.3	The Musketeers must put their lives on the line when the queen is accused of treason. They have no choice but to steal her away from the palace to safety while they search for evidence to prove that Rochefort is a Spanish spy. However, it soon transpires that nobody is safe from Rochefort's grasp, not even the king.
377	The Musketeers	Trial and Punishment	Adventure	8.3	The Musketeers must risk everything to save France from Rochefort's treacherous plan. While Porthos seeks to lure the Spanish spymaster to Paris to prove Rochefort's betrayal to the King, Athos and d'Artagnan must save Constance from certain death. However will they be able to protect Aramis and the Queen before Rochefort gets to them first? The fate of France and their closest comrades lies in the Musketeers' hands.
378	Citizen Khan	Citizen Khan	Comedy	none	Sitcom set in Birmingham, following the trials and tribulations of larger-than-life self-appointed Muslim community leader Mr Khan and his long suffering family.
378	Citizen Khan	Wedding Venue	Comedy	none	The first in this new family-based sitcom set in the capital of British Pakistan - Sparkhill, Birmingham. Citizen Khan follows the trials and tribulations of loud-mouthed, tight-fisted, self-appointed community leader Mr Khan and his long-suffering family. Plans are being made for Shazia's forthcoming wedding to fiance Amjad. Mrs Khan's on the warpath because Mr Khan's forgotten to book the wedding venue, but it shouldn't be a problem as long as he can persuade mosque manager Dave to do him a favour.
378	Citizen Khan	Naani's Shopping Trip	Comedy	none	Mrs Khan's mother is staying with the family. But Mr Khan's big opportunity to hobnob with the bigwigs of the Sparkhill Business Association is threatened when he has to take his mother-in-law on a shopping trip she will never forget.
378	Citizen Khan	Family Holiday	Comedy	none	Mrs Khan is very keen to go on holiday. But holidays cost money plus there's Shazia's honeymoon to pay for. Mr Khan is reluctant to spend the 'rainy day' money. Why go to the Maldives when there's a perfectly nice guest house in Bradford? However an eventful Annual General Meeting at the local mosque seems to provide a surprising solution...
378	Citizen Khan	Amjad's Promotion	Comedy	none	Mr Khan is determined to be the impresario behind the new call to prayer at the Sparkhill mosque, and sets out to hold his own X Factor-style auditions. Meanwhile, family duty calls when he is asked to sort out future son-in-law Amjad's job promotion.
378	Citizen Khan	The Cricket Match	Comedy	none	Mr Khan's new plasma TV, complete with 'surroundy soundy', provides the perfect opportunity to have his friends round to enjoy the Pakistan vs England cricket match.But Mrs Khan needs the house to be a place of complete calm as she plans to host a prayer meeting for her recently widowed friend. But the Khan household is rarely quiet, let alone when there is a crucial cricket match on...
378	Citizen Khan	The Khan's Anniversary	Comedy	none	The Khans have a spare invite for the wedding. For Mr Khan, the fewer the guests the better, which is why he believes in inviting only influential people like Councillor Javed. So when Mrs Khan suggests inviting the Parvez family, Mr Khan is faced with an important decision. On top of it all, it happens to also be the Khans' wedding anniversary.
378	Citizen Khan	Alia's College	Comedy	none	Mr Khan's day off from being a 'busy' community leader is interrupted when Alia fails her exams, prompting Mrs Khan to lay down the law. She tells Mr Khan to sign Alia up at the Muslim Academy, but when he finds out how much it costs, Khan decides there's a better option... Meanwhile, Shazia has invited Debbie, her best friend and boss, round for dinner with the intention of asking her to be chief bridesmaid at her wedding. But she hasn't counted on her dad inadvertently inviting an extra guest...
378	Citizen Khan	Naani's Day Out	Comedy	none	Mr Khan is off to meet the mosque manager, whom he expects will finally get him onto the mosque committee. Naani, Mr Khan's mother-in-law, is visiting from Pakistan. Mrs Khan is worried because she has been doing nothing except stare into space all day. She tells Mr Khan that, until Naani perks up a bit, she will be staying with them indefinitely. Khan hurries to the mosque to try and enroll Naani onto a course activity and prove to Mrs Khan that Naani can go home, but Khan has a disagreement with the mosque manager. He storms out in a strop and puts plan B in to action, taking Naani to a not-entirely-appropriate alternative venue, where she meets a not-entirely-appropriate new friend.
378	Citizen Khan	Amjad's Health Check	Comedy	none	Mr Khan wants to go to the mosque to meet the local MP, who is visiting to endorse the mosque's mobile men's health check unit. Khan needs to take a guinea pig, and future son-in-law Amjad fits the bill perfectly. Mrs Khan and the girls are off to buy baby clothes for a friend's new baby. Mrs Khan loves babies, and is looking forward very much to Amjad and Shazia providing her with lots and lots of them in the very near future. Amjad's health check does not quite go to plan as Mr Khan causes him to attend the doctor's for real, potentially creating terrible consequences for the family.
378	Citizen Khan	Fasting	Comedy	none	The imam at the mosque calls a special fast and Mr Khan uses it to compete with Dave, the mosque manager. He is suffering badly, and the old double whammy of low blood sugar and a dodgy bladder means he is a ticking time-bomb. Alia has a foreign exchange student staying, and Shazia has announced she has been offered a great job opportunity in India, which will mean more money and the chance to put down a deposit on a new flat. However, being away for twelve months will put her engagement to Amjad in jeopardy. Mrs Khan decides the only way to save their relationship is to pay the flat deposit for them, and she sends Mr Khan to the building society to secure the all-important loan. Khan arrives for his meeting with the building society manager starving hungry and gasping with thirst, not perhaps the perfect conditions to persuade him to give him a loan.
378	Citizen Khan	Shazia's Gym Visit	Comedy	none	Shazia and Amjad are going up in the world; they have managed to get a trial day at an exclusive gym. Mrs Khan is keen to go along to the bums and tums class, but Mr Khan is less impressed. He is more interested in contacting a famous Pakistani cricketer to operate this years's Eid tombola at the mosque. He uses his newfound hobby - the internet- to try and track him down. Mr Khan thinks he has found a cricketer, and arranges to meet him at the mosque, but the person who shows up is not who he expects, creating a potentially embarrassing situation for the mosque and the Khans. Mr Khan has to race to find Mrs Khan at the gym before she finds out exactly what has happened. Things go from bad to worse as Khan is forced to hide and gets mistaken for a yoga guru
378	Citizen Khan	The Makeover	Comedy	none	Mrs Khan is having a makeover but her husband is not impressed - new dresses cost money. He only has eyes for the promotional video Dave, the mosque manager, is making to promote the mosque in the local community. Mr Khan thinks he is the perfect person to star in the video. He is, after all, a fine example of Pakistani manhood.Dave, however, has other ideas, and wanting to promote a more modern image of mosque-goers, he chooses Sajid, an attractive, 'metrosexual' friend of the Khan family.Khan decides if you can't beat 'em, join 'em and goes to extreme lengths in order to prove to Dave that he's modern and metrosexual too. What he hasn't realised is that Sajid is home alone with Mrs Khan, and the reason for her makeover suddenly becomes blindingly clear. He rushes home to confront the pair, but is not prepared for what he discovers when he arrives.
378	Citizen Khan	A Khan Christmas	Comedy	none	It's Christmas Eve and Mrs Khan has decided to have a traditional family Christmas, their first one ever. Mr Khan is very 'bah-humbug' about the whole thing; he thinks Christmas is just an excuse for people to get ripped off and he believes the Khans have the perfect reason not to celebrate it - they're Muslim!Mr Khan is collecting the family's 'unwanted' items for the Mosque charity collection, and the biggest donor will be named Muslim of the Month. Nevertheless Mrs Khan sends him off to buy a tree and some decorations while she and the rest of the family set about trying to prepare to stuff their first Christmas turkey!Things take a turn for the worse when he realises he has accidentally dumped Mrs Khan's favourite family heirloom in the charity collection. Can he get it back, bag the very last Christmas tree in Sparkhill and get back home in time to make this a Khan Christmas to remember?
378	Citizen Khan	Naani's Return	Comedy	none	When the family arrives back from a trip to Pakistan with Mr Khan's mother-in-law in tow, Mr Khan is lumbered with looking after her. Then a miracle happens - she announces she wants to move into a home. When Sam - the head of a local care centre - arrives, Mr Khan is over-the-moon. That is, until he discovers the mother-in-law may be worth some money. With the help of son-in-law-to-be Amjad, a ridiculous disguise and a spying mission, Mr Khan tries to stop Naani moving out at all costs.
378	Citizen Khan	The In-Laws	Comedy	none	Shazia and Amjad's wedding is fast approaching. As Mr and Mrs Khan's relationship with Amjad's mother, Mrs Malik, has always been fractious at best, they invite the Maliks to the house for a dinner party. Mr Khan sees Mr Malik as his fast track onto a local business committee. The Khans pull out all the stops to impress their guests - Mrs Khan is whipping up a storm in the kitchen and Mr Khan has got a new suit, organised parlour games and even has a new piece of furniture to show off. But when Mr Khan receives an unexpected phone call, any future the two families have together sits on a knife edge...
378	Citizen Khan	Aunty Noor	Comedy	none	Mrs Khan takes on more shifts at the local supermarket, leaving Mr Khan in charge as househusband. In his new role Mr Khan introduces strict new house rules and sends his younger daughter Alia to a London mosque for work experience. Never one to miss out on a bargain, he then abuses Mrs Khan's staff discount card at the supermarket to become the local nappy dealer. When Alia returns from London with Mrs Khan's domineering sister, Aunty Noor, Noor threatens to reveal his scam. But Mr Khan has other ideas and takes drastic action to avoid the wrath of Mrs Khan...
378	Citizen Khan	Farmer Khan	Comedy	none	When Mrs Khan announces she's running a stall at the local city farm to promote the supermarket's new organic range, Mr Khan couldn't be any less interested. Everyone who's anyone has been invited to a Prince Charles royal reception in Birmingham, but he hasn't had an invitation. When he discovers that HRH might be dropping in to the city farm, he sees a chance to get his invite directly from the source. Unfortunately he discovers that he won't even get close unless he can impress the formidable head of the welcoming committee, Marina Fairchild. When his attempts to win Marina round fall on deaf ears, in customary Khan style, he decides to bend the truth. Everything goes swimmingly until his lies catch up with him and life on the farm becomes quite a handful.
378	Citizen Khan	Stags and Hens	Comedy	none	It is the day of Shazia's hen do, and she is looking forward to having some fun with her friends. Unfortunately, though, she ends up with a few extra guests in tow. Mr Khan reluctantly agrees to organise Amjad's stag do, which inadvertently involves an Imam returning from missionary work. While Shazia finds herself bombarded by everyone's stories of the horrors of married life, back at the house, Amjad is put in a compromising position. And when the two parties collide, the wedding is left hanging in the balance.
378	Citizen Khan	The Wedding	Comedy	none	The day of the wedding of Mr Khan's daughter Shazia to 'pakora short of a picnic' Amjad has finally arrived, but all is not well in the Khan household. Mrs Khan is still upset that Shazia has opted for a British-Asian fusion affair, rather than a big, fat, traditional Pakistani wedding. Then, Shazia won't let her help with the organization and when Shazia refuses to wear a matriarchal family heirloom, it all gets too much - Mrs Khan refuses to go to the wedding, and instead takes a shift at the supermarket. So, with Amjad in tow, it's up to Mr Khan to get his wife back onside. But, of course, in Mr Khan's world things aren't that simple. As a result, Amjad goes missing, Shazia's mother-in-law-to-be Mrs Malik makes a startling revelation, and thanks to Mr Khan there's a very near miss at the ceremony.
378	Citizen Khan	A Khan Family Christmas	Comedy	none	It's Christmas Eve, 10 months after Shazia and Amjad's wedding. Mr Khan is feeling extremely festive - he's even got a new Christmas suit. And what's more, this year he's been given the honour of placing the star on top of the Sparkhill interfaith Christmas tree. But when the whole family gathers at the Khan house to head out to the ceremony, it turns out that Shazia has other plans. A frantic chain of events is set in motion, in what can only be described as the Greatest Pakistani Christmas Story Ever Told.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Action	8.0	Aqua Teen Hunger Force follows the adventures of the aptly named Aqua Teen Hunger Force, a group of mystery-solving fast food items. The team consists of Master Shake, or Shake, a rather sadistic, lazy, ordering milkshake who loves to torture Meatwad. Frylock, the floating box of fries, is the brains the group, and contains the one thing that the rest of the group lacks: common sense. Meatwad is a loving, caring, gentle ball of meat that crawls wherever he goes, who is frequently tortured by Shake.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Rabbot	Action	8.0	Dr. Weird's giant mechanical rabbit escapes and begins wreaking havoc, starting with Carl's car.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Escape From Leprauchpolis	Action	8.0	Using a stolen rainbow maker, a group of leprechauns draw people into the woods to steal their shoes.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Bus Of The Undead	Action	8.0	Shake rents Meatwad's room to the Mooninites who prove to be negative influences.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Mayhem Of The Mooninites	Action	8.0	Shake rents Meatwad's room to the Mooninites who prove to be negative influences.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Balloonenstein	Action	8.0	Meatwad acquires electrostatic powers after he's left in the dryer for a week.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Space Conflict From Beyond Pluto	Action	8.0	Frylock makes contact with the Plutonians; Meatwad sets fire to Carl's house.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Ol' Drippy	Action	8.0	The mess that Shake leaves in the kitchen comes to life.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Revenge Of The Mooninites	Action	8.0	The Mooninites cause chaos with a belt that gives its wearer the abilities of the band Foreigner.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	MC Pee Pants	Action	8.0	Meatwad and Carl become addicted to rap and candy thanks to MC Pee Pants' song "I Want Candy."
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Dumber Dolls	Action	8.0	Meatwad's new doll, Happy Time Harry, is anything but happy.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Bad Replicant	Action	8.0	The Plutonians kidnap Shake and replace him with an obviously flawed "replicant."
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Circus	Action	8.0	Shake sells Meatwad to a circus and becomes jealous of his success.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Love Mummy	Action	8.0	Frylock finds a mummy under the house.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Dumber Days	Action	8.0	Meatwad learns that his brain is actually a toy. When he is given a new one, he starts going out of control.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Interfection	Action	8.0	Meatwad and Shake fill the house with pop-up ads after surfing the Internet.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	PDA	Action	8.0	When Shake loses his PDA, he is convinced that a tar monster stole it.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Mail Order Bride	Action	8.0	Shake and Carl send for a mail-order bride from Russia.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Cybernetic Ghost Of Christmas Past From The Future	Action	8.0	The Cybernetic Ghost of Christmas Past from the Future informs Carl that his house was built on an elf graveyard.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Super Birthday Snake	Action	8.0	For Meatwad's birthday, Shake gives him a snake instead of the bunny he wanted.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Super Hero	Action	8.0	Shake moonlights as a superhero named "The Drizzle."
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Super Bowl	Action	8.0	Meatwad wins Super Bowl tickets in a bag of chips.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Super Computer	Action	8.0	Frylock builds a powerful supercomputer.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Super Model	Action	8.0	Disaster results when Shake goes to Guatemala for plastic surgery.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Super Spore	Action	8.0	An alien named Travis attaches himself to Shake as a means of communication.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Super Sir Loin	Action	8.0	MC Pee Pants returns, re-incarnated as a cow going by the name Sir Loin.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Super Squatter	Action	8.0	The Aqua Teens must live without utilities after Shake flushes the bills down the toilet.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	The Meat Zone	Action	8.0	Shake exploits Meatwad's newfound ability to see the near future.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Super Trivia	Action	8.0	Frylock does everything he can to defeat Wayne the Brain at trivia. Wayne the Brain: Seth MacFarlane.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Universal Remonster	Action	8.0	The Plutonians steal the aqua teens' cable with a "Fargate" and the Universal Remonster.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Total Re-Carl	Action	8.0	After accidentally destroying Carl's body, Frylock saves Carl's head and attaches it to a new one.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Revenge Of The Trees	Action	8.0	Shake and Carl dump a vat of oil in the woods, prompting the trees to seek revenge.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Spirit Journey Formation Anniversary	Action	8.0	With help from Zakk Wylde, Shake records a metal version of the "Birthday" song.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	The Shaving	Action	8.0	The Aqua Teens learn there is a monster living in the attic when he comes down to collect his mail.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Broodwich	Action	8.0	A sandwich made from pure evil tempts Shake's taste buds.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Kidney Car	Action	8.0	Carl donates his car to the Kidney Foundation after it is destroyed.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	The Cubing	Action	8.0	The Aqua Teens encounter the Wisdom Cube.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Frat Aliens	Action	8.0	DP & Skeeter, Fraternity brothers from outer space, visit the Aqua Teens looking to party.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	The Clowning	Action	8.0	Carl's new wig turns him into a clown.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	The Dressing	Action	8.0	A robotic turkey interrupts Thanksgiving dinner.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	THE	Action	8.0	Shake pushes Frlyock too far, prompting him to move out.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	The Cloning	Action	8.0	Frylock clones the TV one time too many.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	The Last One	Action	8.0	The Mooninites gather all of the aqua teens' enemies together to plot a way to eliminate them once and for all.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Video Ouija	Action	8.0	Meatwad is able to contact the dead through a video game.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Unremarkable Voyage	Action	8.0	Frylock shrinks to retrieve a microchip that Meatwad has eaten.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Remooned	Action	8.0	The Mooninites return to Earth to cash a check. Meatwad and Shake help them out in hopes of getting a share of the money.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Gee Whiz	Action	8.0	A Billboard with the face of a famous religious icon seems to have given Meatwad the gift of child.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	eDork	Action	8.0	Shake buys an eHelmet full of unnecessary gadgets.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Little Brittle	Action	8.0	MC Pee Pants returns once again, this time as elderly man in a retirement home.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Robositter	Action	8.0	Frylock builds a robotic baby-sitter to watch Meatwad.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Moon Master	Action	8.0	Meatwad beats the video game that the Mooninites made.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Diet	Action	8.0	Meatwad, Carl and Shake compete to see who can lose the most weight, with a case of beer going to the winner.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Dusty Gozongas	Action	8.0	Shake and Carl fight over a stripper.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	T-Shirt Of The Living Dead	Action	8.0	An ancient Egyptian t-shirt gives Meatwad unfathomable powers. Special guest appearance by Santa Claus.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Hypno-Germ	Action	8.0	Shake's brain is taken over by the Hypno-Germs.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Carl	Action	8.0	While the Aqua Teens take a vacation in Panama, Carl baby-sits Meatwad's toys.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Dirtfoot	Action	8.0	Shake encounters the legendary Dirtfoot.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Boost Mobile	Action	8.0	Shake goes overboard promoting Boost Mobile phones.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Deleted Scenes	Action	8.0	A compilation of deleted scenes from the "Aqua Teen Hunger Force" movie.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Dickisode	Action	8.0	Carl participates in a contest and "wins," and he loses an appendag
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Hand Banana	Action	8.0	Frylock creates a dog for Meatwad that ends up being evil.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Party All The Time	Action	8.0	A lesson is learned about tragedy, courage and redemption.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Global Grilling	Action	8.0	Shake buys a grill that's not good for the environment.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Grim Reaper Gutters	Action	8.0	A persuasive salesman interrupts a good conversation among the gang.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Moonajuana	Action	8.0	The Mooninites show up to cure Shake's eye disease.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Bart Oates	Action	8.0	Carl meets football player Bart Oates.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Antenna	Action	8.0	Aliens abduct Shake.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Ezekial	Action	8.0	Shake takes on the greatest role of his life: that of a father.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Carl Wash	Action	8.0	Meatwad goes to work at a car wash that's actually a front for two floating brains that steal human brains.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Robots Everywhere	Action	8.0	Robots move into the Aqua Teen house and pester Carl.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Sirens	Action	8.0	Carl is tempted by Sirens who move into the Aqua Teen house.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Couple Skate	Action	8.0	Carl has a new neighbor. Meanwhile, the Aqua Teens need to pay rent.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Reedickyoulus	Action	8.0	Carl's new purchase creates havoc.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Hoppy Bunny	Action	8.0	Carl buys a recorder that takes over his body.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Laser Lenses	Action	8.0	Master Shake steals laser-shooting contacts from Frylock.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Dummy Love	Action	8.0	A deranged ventriloquist puppet arrives at the house.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	The Marines	Action	8.0	Meatwad enlists the gang in the Marines, but Frylock's not going without a fight.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Bible Fruit	Action	8.0	Frylock hangs out with friends he met on the Web.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Gene E.	Action	8.0	In the Season 6 opener, the guys become invisible and use their new gift to spy on women.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Shake Like Me	Action	8.0	Shake becomes a stereotype after being bitten by a radioactive man.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	She Creature	Action	8.0	A monster invades Carl's pool, and the Mafia takes notice.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Chic Magnet	Action	8.0	The guys devise a new plan to attract women.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Creature From Plaque Lagoon	Action	8.0	Shake and Meatwad's plan to capture the Tooth Fairy backfires.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Time Machine	Action	8.0	Frylock and Shake travel through time, competing to become the ruler of a special dimension.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	2-And-a-Half-Star Wars out of Five	Action	8.0	A strange pink man begins hanging around the house and asking the guys to help him destroy the moon.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Fry Legs	Action	8.0	Frylock falls in love and changes his behavior.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Der Inflatable Fuhrer	Action	8.0	Frylock works with kids during a side job.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Live Action (aka The Last One Forever and Ever)	Action	8.0	The guys' live-action alter egos show up. T-Pain, H. Jon Benjamin and Dave Long Jr. guest star.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Rabbot Redux	Action	8.0	The Aqua Teens settle into a new house in the Season 7 opener. While Frylock unpacks, Shake and Meatwad dodge working and place claims on their new rooms instead.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Rubberman	Action	8.0	Frylock creates a sculpture out of trash from the yard. It ends up coming to life and having a bad influence on Meatwad.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Eggball	Action	8.0	Shake looks for rare eggs to use in his pinball machine. His search leads to a mysterious island that could be dangerous.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Monster	Action	8.0	Meatwad thinks a monster is living in his room and refuses to sleep in his bed.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Hands On a Hamburger	Action	8.0	The teens compete to win a giant hamburger by keeping one hand on the burger at all times. Shake thins the herd of competitors with a series of devious methods.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	IAMAPOD	Action	8.0	Shake befriends an alien pod who has plans to consume and replicate Shake. Sammy Hagar, Joe Satriani and Michael Anthony of the band Chickenfoot make voice cameos.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Juggalo	Action	8.0	Shake's bad Karma finally catches up to him when a bitter angel makes him repent for his bad deeds.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Multiple Meat	Action	8.0	Shake discovers Meatwad's amazing power of replication.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Kangarilla and the Magic Tarantula	Action	8.0	A ghost haunts the guys, but Shake and Frylock don't seem to notice because they're engrossed in a video game on Frylock's smart phone.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Larry Miller Hair System	Action	8.0	Carl learns how his life could be different if he had hair. Larry Miller makes a voice cameo as a hair-system salesman (and gambling addict) who's making a pitch to Carl.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	One Hundred	Action	8.0	Frylock becomes obsessed with the number 100 and fears something terrible is approaching. Shake, meanwhile, is aware that the show has reached 100 episodes and a lucrative syndication deal is possible.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Mouth Quest	Action	8.0	Abraham Lincoln's Lunch Links are available in "Tough n' Tenacious Teriyaki."
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Brain Fairy	Action	8.0	Shake and Meatwad investigate the DMV when a particular driving instructor draws suspicion.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	The Hairy Bus	Action	8.0	Bachelors scream for medical attention from the ultimate party bus.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Sweet C	Action	8.0	When Frylock's bees stop producing honey, a miniaturized Carl investigates the cause.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Knapsack!	Action	8.0	Meatwad discovers the seamless transition between dog food and pornography.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Rabbit, Not Rabbit	Action	8.0	Master Shake acts strangely after returning from a long, mysterious journey with a talking rabbit.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Hospice	Action	8.0	Carl maxes out his mother's credit cards while she battles cancer.
382	Aqua Teen Hunger Force	The Last One Forever and Ever (For Real This Time) (We ... Mean It)	Action	8.0	The Aqua Teen Hunger force takes a bow.
384	Major Crimes	Major Crimes	Drama	8.6	The elite team of Major Crimes is back, headed by two-time Oscar® nominee Mary McDonnell as Los Angeles Police Captain Sharon Raydor, GW Bailey as Lieutenant Provenza, Tony Denison as Lieutenant Andy Flynn, Michael Paul Chan as Lieutenant Mike Tao, Raymond Cruz as Detective Julio Sanchez, Kearran Giovanni as Detective Amy Sykes, Phillip P. Keene as tech expert Buzz Watson and Jonathan Del Arco as Dr. Morales. Graham Patrick Martin returns as Rusty Beck, a homeless teen and material witness taken in by Captain Raydor, and Robert Gossett guest-stars as Assistant Chief Russell Taylor.
384	Major Crimes	Reloaded	Drama	8.6	The department is still reeling with the recent departure of Deputy Chief Brenda Lee Johnson, creating a tough transition for the newly appointed head of Major Crimes, Captain Sharon Raydor. But there is little time for adjustment as the department rushes to reach a plea bargain when a string of grocery store robberies turns fatal. After proving to be a valuable source for the case, undercover police detective and military veteran Detective Amy Sykes is transferred to Major Crimes. Meanwhile, Raydor takes a big step to protect teenager Rusty Beck after he runs away from his foster family.
384	Major Crimes	Before and After	Drama	8.6	As Raydor works to gain respect in the division, the Major Crimes crew works to crack the case of a brutal and complicated homicide. Meanwhile, Raydor tries to supervise Rusty, and Provenza struggles to accept all the changes in the department.
384	Major Crimes	Medical Causes	Drama	8.6	Clues and facts become hazy when the crew investigates a deadly car accident at a nightclub. Meanwhile, harsh truths surface when Raydor tries to locate Rusty's mother.
384	Major Crimes	The Ecstasy and the Agony	Drama	8.6	The unit joins forces with the FBI when a homicide case spins around the Israeli mob and an "intuitive life strategist." Elsewhere, Provenza displays his vulnerable side, and Rusty's first school day takes an unexpected turn.
384	Major Crimes	Citizens Arrest	Drama	8.6	In a case involving a kidnapping-turned-homicide, the squad is pressured to work quickly before anyone else is hurt. DDA Andrea Hobbs becomes a valuable resource in the case. Meanwhile, DNA evidence proves that Rusty is more closely connected to the justice system than anyone might have expected.
384	Major Crimes	Out of Bounds	Drama	8.6	The aftermath of a deadly shooting on gang turf finds Raydor making a daring maneuver that could threaten her career and jeopardize Det. Sykes' life. Elsewhere, Rusty makes it quite apparent that he has no interest in meeting his biological father.
384	Major Crimes	The Shame Game	Drama	8.6	Major Crimes may have a tough time closing its next case because confidential information keeps getting leaked and they may have some difficulty in figuring out who or what is causing the information to erroneously get out. Captain Raydor's decision to be temporary guardian of Rusty gets more complicated as children and family services finds out some information that may cause rusty to be removed from her home.
384	Major Crimes	Dismissed with Prejudice	Drama	8.6	Tao has to question his actions due to a murder conviction being overturned eight years later. Rusty sees father for the first time and must learn to control his emotions as he spends some time with his father.
384	Major Crimes	Cheaters Never Prosper	Drama	8.6	A man is believed to have died from a drug overdose but even that is questionable new details may take the case and into a completely different direction. Some strange events leave Rusty and Captain Raydor wondering if he should have seen his father in the first place.
384	Major Crimes	Long Shot	Drama	8.6	Major Crimes teams with the FBI to apprehend a lethal sniper. Meanwhile, Raydor negotiates a deal that even Provenza can support.
384	Major Crimes	Final Cut	Drama	8.6	The squad scrambles to garner a confession when the pregnant wife of a big-time film director is found murdered. Meanwhile, just as things seem to fall into place under Raydor's leadership, new Deputy D.A. Emma Rios challenges Raydor's intentions as Rusty's guardian.
384	Major Crimes	False Pretenses	Drama	8.6	A complex murder-suicide case has the department reeling. Meanwhile, when Rusty receives a mysterious and threatening letter Emma demands that he be relocated.
384	Major Crimes	Under the Influence	Drama	8.6	A meddling television writer-producer (guest star Ben Feldman) accompanies Sanchez and Tao on a ride-along so he can get an inside look at the LAPD. But what starts out as a simple outing quickly gets out of hand.
384	Major Crimes	I, Witness	Drama	8.6	The LAPD flies a material witness into Los Angeles to testify, but in a horrible turn of events their witness winds up as the key suspect in an entirely new murder. Personal and professional stress takes a toll on Flynn. And the squad takes bets when Rusty brings a girl from class to hang out with him at the department.
384	Major Crimes	D.O.A.	Drama	8.6	The squad investigates a brutal murder, but they soon find that dark secrets are at the root of an apparent drug bust gone wrong. Meanwhile, Raydor's estranged husband of 25 years, Jack Raydor returns to Los Angeles to work as a court-appointed attorney. Charming and charismatic, Jack becomes fast friends with Rusty but Sharon continues to remain wary.
384	Major Crimes	Boys Will Be Boys	Drama	8.6	When a child with gender dysphoria goes missing, the Major Crimes division scrambles to solve the emotional case before it's too late. Torn between several suspects, the squad has to be careful as it tries to connect the evidence to a dangerous bully. Meanwhile, Jack Raydor attempts to make up for years of lousy parenting.
384	Major Crimes	Rules of Engagement	Drama	8.6	In a case that brings gang violence and social profiling to the forefront, the squad realizes that things are not always as they seem. Complicating matters further, Sharon offers Jack the opportunity to be a court-appointed attorney in the case. Meanwhile, Rusty expresses apprehension about meeting Kris' parents.
384	Major Crimes	The Deep End	Drama	8.6	The media goes into a frenzy over race relations when the body of a young Latino man is found at the home of a white award-winning swimming coach. Flynn struggles with an emotional dilemma on the eve of his daughter's wedding. Kris' mother pays Raydor a visit to discuss some concerns.
384	Major Crimes	There's No Place Like Home	Drama	8.6	Provenza faces possible permanent desk duty while the squad investigates the suspicious death of a loathsome ICE agent which brings them into contact with the residents of an ancient apartment complex nicknamed La Shangri-la.
384	Major Crimes	Backfire	Drama	8.6	In a case that hits a little too close to home for Rusty, a 19-year-old prostitute is brutally murdered. The squad rushes to reach a deal with the remorseless killer they believe is part of a larger criminal enterprise. Their efforts, however, do not sit well with the judge assigned to the case.
384	Major Crimes	Poster Boy	Drama	8.6	The team works strategically to capture a spree killer who has put everyone on high alert. Trying to solve the case quickly, Raydor is torn between two seemingly right decisions, each of which comes with major consequences. Meanwhile, Rusty is given some extra freedom, but more threats leave him afraid to stray far from home.
384	Major Crimes	Pick Your Poison	Drama	8.6	After a bad batch of drugs claims the lives of two brothers, the race is on for the squad to find the dealer before more of their fellow high school students are threatened. Feeling smothered by his new around-the-clock security detail, Rusty faces a big decision.
384	Major Crimes	Jailbait	Drama	8.6	When a newly released prisoner misses two back-to-back parole meetings, the squad is called in to track him down after the suspect's therapist expresses concerns over his mental state.
384	Major Crimes	All In	Drama	8.6	When a body turns up at a posh country club in a quiet neighborhood, the squad's investigation leads them down a money trail full of surprises. Flynn is noticeably distracted on the job, and Emma's actions have Rusty questioning her intentions, causing him to distrust her even more.
384	Major Crimes	Curve Ball	Drama	8.6	Christmas vacation is interrupted for the Major Crimes Division when a baseball scout is found dead in his RV. The squad works through the murder case, unfolding a complicated kidnapping scheme. Meanwhile, Rusty opens up to Dr. Joe about his mom.
384	Major Crimes	Risk Assessment	Drama	8.6	When a well-off graduate student gets shot to death in a gang-riddled neighborhood, the Major Crimes Division must work with the FBI, including Fritz Howard to find his killer. Throughout the investigation, it is revealed how each member of the unit became interested in joining the police force.
384	Major Crimes	Year-End Blowout	Drama	8.6	A year-end blowout sale becomes literal for a used-car lot after one of its owners is killed when a bomb explodes. While the squad tries to find who is responsible, Rusty dons a bullet-proof vest under the watchful eye of Lt. Chuck Cooper, a Special Investigation Section supervisor, in an attempt to catch the person responsible for threatening his and Sharon's life.
384	Major Crimes	Return To Sender Part 1	Drama	8.6	The Major Crimes unit draws closer to finding a dangerous serial killer. Rusty faces his biggest challenge yet when he bravely takes the stand against Phillip Stroh. Complicating the case further, the team goes head to head.
384	Major Crimes	Return to Sender Part 2	Drama	8.6	The Major Crimes unit draws closer to finding a dangerous serial killer. Rusty faces his biggest challenge yet when he bravely takes the stand against Phillip Stroh. Complicating the case further, the team goes head to head with Linda Rothman a tough, powerful attorney who doesn't let morals stand in her way of winning a case.
384	Major Crimes	Flight Risk	Drama	8.6	When a father and his two young children go missing, the squad has to work quickly to find them, while uncovering a slew of terrible family secrets along the way. Meanwhile, Raydor does her best to trust Rusty as he begins to take suspicious trips out on his own.
384	Major Crimes	Personal Day	Drama	8.6	Shortly after being released from prison, a man who proclaimed his innocence is found murdered. The victim's case is reopened and the squad works hard to solve a seventeen-year old murder. To the surprise of Raydor, Rusty confesses the reason behind his recent suspicious activity
384	Major Crimes	Frozen Assets	Drama	8.6	The Major Crimes division faces a new challenge as they work to solve the murder of a dog that was left a 20 million dollar estate by his deceased owner. With the help of wannabe detective Jonathan Baird, aka Dick Tracy, the case takes a new turn as the squad begins to suspect foul play in the death of the dog's owner, a wealthy heiress.
384	Major Crimes	Letting It Go	Drama	8.6	The violent murder of an alleged rapist gives the squad the emotional task of questioning possible suspects. Meanwhile, Rusty begins to question his mother's motives as he catches her in a lie.
384	Major Crimes	Do Not Disturb	Drama	8.6	When a foreigner is found murdered inside his hotel room, the squad must work quickly to find the killer while avoiding any international repercussions when a U.S. diplomat becomes involved in the case. While everyone is busy with the case, Rusty tries to figure out how to share a big secret with the squad.
384	Major Crimes	Jane Doe #38	Drama	8.6	After finding a young runaway murdered and thrown in a trashcan, the Major Crimes unit is led on a long, puzzling hunt to find the deceased girl's killer and her identity. Meanwhile Raydor consults her husband about a big proposition she has for Rusty.
384	Major Crimes	Two Options	Drama	8.6	When SWAT officers working Crime Suppression discover an elderly couple gunned down in their own home, Major Crimes must team up with the LAPD's Special Operations Bureau to hunt down a killer stalking the city of Los Angeles, and taking hostages along the way.
384	Major Crimes	Cutting Loose	Drama	8.6	Lt. Mike Tao of Major Crimes finds himself doing double duty when the star of the cop show on which he moonlights as a consultant becomes the prime suspect in the murder of his biggest fan.
384	Major Crimes	Sweet Revenge	Drama	8.6	The mysterious murder of a tech-entrepreneur with questionable morals and possible mob connections has the Major Crimes division working overtime. Meanwhile, Rusty struggles to feel accepted when Raydor's son Ricky comes home to visit and Fritz Howard prepares to assume command of the LAPD's Special Operations Bureau.
384	Major Crimes	Zoo Story	Drama	8.6	The LAPD finds itself in a precarious situation during an investigation into the disappearances of a string of young girls from a popular nightclub, leading to a turf battle between The Major Crimes division and the Special Operations Bureau. Fritz Howard remains on the mend from poor health, while Rusty's mom continues to struggle with the law and her sobriety.
384	Major Crimes	Down the Drain	Drama	8.6	A surrogate adoption gets complicated, leaving one person dead and a lot of people searching for answers. The Major Crimes division gets their hands dirty as they explore LA's underground water system. Sharon works to make Rusty officially part of her family, while he struggles to tell his biological mother about the upcoming adoption.
384	Major Crimes	Party Foul	Drama	8.6	It's all fun and games at a raucous teen party until two people are brutally attacked with a pair of scissors and the Major Crimes unit has their hands full picking the culprit out of the crowd. Provenza meets someone who will change his life.
384	Major Crimes	Acting Out	Drama	8.6	A Hollywood comeback is interrupted when a former child star is found dead on skid row, leaving the director of the actor's current movie and his manager as prime suspects. Flynn's daughter comes to visit and the true nature of Sharon and Flynn's relationship comes to light.
384	Major Crimes	Trial By Fire	Drama	8.6	There is a miscarriage of justice when a gang banger is acquitted of murder and released from custody. Sharon's ex-husband, Jack Raydor represents the suspect in a subsequent murder. Rusty takes a chance when the guy he has a crush on visits the station.
384	Major Crimes	Chain Reaction	Drama	8.6	Santa finds himself on the naughty list after robbing a bank, but a Santa flash mob complicates his apprehension and the Major Crimes unit scrambles to figure out how things went so wrong. Sharon's kids come to town for the holidays while Buzz starts training as a back-up police officer.
384	Major Crimes	Leap of Faith	Drama	8.6	Tensions are high when Flynn has to talk down a man precariously holding on to the ledge of a bridge, only to find out that the jumper is a sex offender with a dead body in his car. Old wounds are opened as Rusty prepares an Impact Statement to hopefully end his involvement with the Stroh case.
384	Major Crimes	Internal Affairs	Drama	8.6	Sanchez is put under the microscope when his mother's caregiver is found murdered.. Rusty is forced to take on Jack when he shows up at Sharon's condo acting recklessly.
384	Major Crimes	Special Master Part One	Drama	8.6	Phillip Stroh returns and is demanding a new deal from DDA Rios in exchange for his cooperation regarding "future murders." In a race against the clock to prevent the deaths of three women, Major Crimes works to save the victims while decoding the source of Stroh's information.
384	Major Crimes	Special Master Part Two	Drama	8.6	The Major Crimes division is in overdrive working to stop a serial killer who has been targeting female sex workers. To interpret the facts, Captain Sharon Raydor reaches outside her division to a consultant, Clarissa Fields, to help reverse engineer a decade of horrible murders as Stroh moves closer and closer to achieving his ultimate deal.
384	Major Crimes	A Rose is a Rose	Drama	8.6	The squad investigates a double homicide related to an ongoing string of home invasions in the Hollywood Hills. Meanwhile, Sanchez attempts to reintegrate himself in the division after his suspension over a questionable use of force, while Captain Raydor makes a fateful choice in the life of her adopted son, Rusty.
384	Major Crimes	Sorry I Missed You	Drama	8.6	When a dead body pops out of the trunk at the end of a car chase, the squad must untangle connections between a superstar chef; a middle-aged pediatric psychiatrist and his second, much younger wife; and a bankruptcy lawyer (Paul Schultze) whose problematic representation threatens to derail the investigation. Rusty continues his attempt to identify the murder victim who called herself Alic e Herrera, inadvertently threatening the case against her murderer.
384	Major Crimes	Open Line	Drama	8.6	Major Crimes investigates the murder of a super model with close ties to a pompous celebrity photographer (Jamie Bamber) with boundary issues. Meanwhile, Raydor and Rusty give Assistant Chief Taylor a headache when they are both served subpoenas for their entanglement in the Alice murder case.
384	Major Crimes	Turn Down	Drama	8.6	During his first drive-along as a Reserve Officer, Buzz Watson discovers a dead body in a hotel room bathtub, not only threatening an extremely expensive wedding, but also Flynn and Provenza's plans to take the division to a Fourth of July Dodger's game.
384	Major Crimes	Snitch	Drama	8.6	While the Major Crimes unit investigates a complicated gangland shooting, Det. Amy Sykes finds she must protect the identify of a witness capable of identifying the killer. Rusty struggles with how to manage newly gained information on the Alice case and Lt. Flynn works to gain the courage to take his relationship with Captain Raydor to the next level.
384	Major Crimes	Personal Effects	Drama	8.6	The squad attempts to identify a possible male murder victim from his skeletal remains, only to find he may have a serious criminal past of his own. Rusty continues his investigation of the Alice case with the help of a new friend while Provenza pays him to help him with a major move.
384	Major Crimes	Targets of Opportunity	Drama	8.6	After an officer-involved shooting, the Major Crimes unit must work with the Deputy Chief of the LAPD Special Operations Bureau Fritz Howard to piece together this high stakes case of disguise.
384	Major Crimes	Hostage of Fortune	Drama	8.6	New information prompts the re-opening of an old kidnapping investigation, forcing Captain Raydor and her Major Crimes Division into partnership with a potentially corrupt FBI agent. Rusty has a major breakthrough in his investigation on Alice Herrera.
384	Major Crimes	Wish You Were Here	Drama	8.6	When a YouTube video of a bloodied, half-naked man walking down the middle of a street with a gun goes viral, Major Crimes must decide whether the victim was targeted, or a potential suicide. Rusty asks Sharon for help as he finally finds Alice Herrera's brother, Gustavo.
384	Major Crimes	Fifth Dynasty	Drama	8.6	After Major Crimes identifies a murder victim as the son of State Superior Court Judge known for being tough on criminals, (Patricia Wettig), the squad hunts through her current case load, which involves an Aryan motorcycle gang and, much to their surprise, connected to the disappearance of a thirteen-year-old boy.
385	Mad Men	Mad Men	Drama	8.6	The series revolves around the conflicted world of Don Draper , the biggest ad man in the business, and his colleagues at the Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce Advertising Agency. As Don makes the plays in the boardroom and the bedroom, he struggles to stay a step ahead of the rapidly changing times and the young executives nipping at his heels. The series also depicts authentically the roles of men and women in this era while exploring the true human nature beneath the guise of 1960s traditional family values.
385	Mad Men	Smoke Gets in Your Eyes	Drama	8.6	At an advertising agency in 1960s Manhattan, the creative director has problems coming up with ideas for a tobacco account and crosses swords with the female head of a large department store that she wants to take in a new retail direction.
385	Mad Men	Ladies Room	Drama	8.6	Betty sees a specialist about her ongoing physical problems; a managing partner leans on Don to get involved in the Richard Nixon presidential campaign; Peggy gets some unwanted attention from a copy writer.
385	Mad Men	Marriage of Figaro	Drama	8.6	Pete's return from his honeymoon stirs up conflicted emotions about his bachelor-party dalliance with Peggy; Don and Rachel's business relationship shifts; Betty sets tongues wagging when she invites the neighborhood divorcée to her daughter's birthday party.
385	Mad Men	New Amsterdam	Drama	8.6	Pete oversteps his bounds in dealing with a valuable client, puts his foot in his mouth and gets a lesson from Don in toeing the company line. At home, he gets pressure from his newlywed bride to buy their own apartment unit.
385	Mad Men	Five G	Drama	8.6	Don wins a prestigious award and gets his face splashed on a prominent industry periodical, which triggers some fallout from his past; Ken gets a short story published in a national monthly magazine, inspiring jealousy among his colleagues.
385	Mad Men	Babylon	Drama	8.6	Peggy offers superb suggestions during a focus-group session, and her ideas are so well received that her future at the agency looks much brighter; Don asks Rachel's advice about an ad campaign for Israeli tourism.
385	Mad Men	Red in the Face	Drama	8.6	A boys' night out for Roger and Don ends badly as Roger's erratic behavior damages their relationship; Pete encounters problems on the home front as he and his bride continue to adjust to being married.
385	Mad Men	The Hobo Code	Drama	8.6	Don's mysterious past comes back to haunt him; Peggy celebrates her new work success, but not all of her colleagues and co-workers are pleased or impressed; Salvatore's relationship with a client is questioned.
385	Mad Men	Shoot	Drama	8.6	A rival ad agency tries to poach Don from Sterling Cooper, and they involve Betty in their campaign to land him; romantic rivals vie for Peggy's affections. Also, the agency steps up its Nixon presidential campaign in an attempt to counter successful Kennedy promos.
385	Mad Men	Long Weekend	Drama	8.6	Don is distraught about losing an important account, so Roger, stuck in the city on Labor Day, tries to cheer him up; Joan and her roommate paint the town.
385	Mad Men	Indian Summer	Drama	8.6	Peggy is assigned a difficult project; Don seizes the opportunity provided by Roger's latest work woes; a frustrated Pete develops more problems at home and in the office; Betty seeks new relief for her mounting frustrations.
385	Mad Men	Nixon vs. Kennedy	Drama	8.6	The Sterling Cooper staff pulls an all-nighter watching Nixon-Kennedy election returns; an ambitious Pete directly challenges Don.
385	Mad Men	The Wheel	Drama	8.6	Peggy's colleagues are irked when she's given a new job opportunity; Don's work responsibilities get in the way of his home life; Betty uncovers a surprising secret.
385	Mad Men	For Those Who Think Young	Drama	8.6	The second season opens with Don butting heads about personnel matters with Duck, who wants "younger creative talent"; the staff is up in the air about its approach to an airline-company account; Betty bumps into a former roommate who has begun a surprising new career; Joan is at a loss about where to put the new copy machine.
385	Mad Men	Flight 1	Drama	8.6	Paul throws a party, then throws his work colleagues for a loop when he introduces them to a special guest; Peggy pays a dinner visit to her family; Duck uses an unorthodox approach to land an airline account, which puts the firm on a conflict-of-interest course.
385	Mad Men	The Benefactor	Drama	8.6	Problems surface on the set of a commercial shoot while Don plays hooky from the office; ever-ambitious, career-minded Harry musters support for a sponsorship plagued by controversy; Betty steps in to help Don when he arranges a dinner to placate his upset clients.
385	Mad Men	Three Sundays	Drama	8.6	Peggy's family entertains a new priest assigned to their parish; Freddy and Ken wine and dine a client; the agency staff pitches in to prepare for an under-the-gun pitch meeting.
385	Mad Men	The New Girl	Drama	8.6	Joan might have found Don a perfect secretary; Peggy comes to the rescue when Don finds himself in the middle of personal issues between a TV comedian and the man's wife; Pete and his wife see a fertility specialist to deal with her inability to conceive.
385	Mad Men	Maidenform	Drama	8.6	Don and Duck attempt to make peace at the office; Peggy tries to find a way to participate in the high-level after-hours meetings being held by the executives; one of Duck's family members visits his office.
385	Mad Men	The Gold Violin	Drama	8.6	Don steps up in class and purchases a new set of wheels that is more appropriate for a big-time executive; Pete, Harry and Ken put their heads together to land new accounts; a serious error by Don's secretary could reflect poorly on Joan; the staff reacts to the new objet d'art in Cooper's office.
385	Mad Men	A Night to Remember	Drama	8.6	Father Gill tries to convince Peggy to volunteer her talents to a church project; Duck and Don team to woo a foreign-beer client by marketing to a new demographic; Harry turns to an unlikely source for help when his department is overloaded with work.
385	Mad Men	Six Month Leave	Drama	8.6	Freddy Rumsen strikes out during a pitch meeting with his team; ever-eager Pete seizes a chance to exploit an opportunity at the office; an old friend is the beneficiary of Don's loyalty; Sara Beth proves to be a welcome ally for Betty.
385	Mad Men	The Inheritance	Drama	8.6	Betty visits her ailing father; Paul's girlfriend, Sheila, advises him about his civic responsibilities; Pete's mother tries to put the kibosh on an important family move that he and Trudy are planning.
385	Mad Men	The Jet Set	Drama	8.6	Don takes a business trip to Los Angeles, where he hooks up with some interesting new acquaintances; Peggy's in the mood for an office romance; Duck contemplates the future at Sterling Cooper.
385	Mad Men	The Mountain King	Drama	8.6	An old friend and Don renew acquaintances; Pete's personal problems impact a major account; Joan introduces her fiancé around the office.
385	Mad Men	Meditations in an Emergency	Drama	8.6	As the second season ends, things get bumpy at Sterling Cooper while Don is away; Betty receives some upsetting news.
385	Mad Men	Out of Town	Drama	8.6	In the third-season opener, Pete and Ken are among those affected by the corporate changes at the firm. Meanwhile, Sal accompanies Don on a business trip to Baltimore, where both men succumb to the powers of persuasive seduction.
385	Mad Men	Love Among the Ruins	Drama	8.6	Betty's father pays a visit; the Drapers dine with the stuffy new British boss (Jared Harris) and his snobby wife; the firm contemplates whether to accede to an unusual request from a client; Roger takes charge of arranging a wedding; and Peggy's personal involvement in a campaign leaves her greatly affected.
385	Mad Men	My Old Kentucky Home	Drama	8.6	A mandatory overtime session leaves the writers trying to stave off late-night boredom; Roger throws a party, and Joan and Greg host one of their own; and Sally and Grandpa have a run-in.
385	Mad Men	The Arrangements	Drama	8.6	Don crosses paths with his father-in-law (Ryan Cutrona); Peggy searches for a new roommate; and a new client with money to throw around is very excited about doing business with the firm.
385	Mad Men	The Fog	Drama	8.6	Concern over Sally's behavior causes Don and Betty to act; opportunistic Pete tries to work a new angle into his business dealings; and an odd dream has a strange effect on Betty.
385	Mad Men	Guy Walks Into an Advertising Agency	Drama	8.6	A surprise visitor shows up at Sterling Cooper; Sally gets spooked by something (or someone); and Joan is the recipient of some surprising news.
385	Mad Men	Seven Twenty Three	Drama	8.6	Betty becomes involved in local politics; a troubling incident leads Don to begin thinking about his future; and Peggy is on the receiving end of an exquisite gift.
385	Mad Men	Souvenir	Drama	8.6	Don decides to include Betty on a company business trip; Pete lends a hand to a neighbor in his apartment building.
385	Mad Men	Wee Small Hours	Drama	8.6	Client satisfaction proves to be difficult for both Don and Sal; Betty decides to host a fund-raiser.
385	Mad Men	The Color Blue	Drama	8.6	Sterling Cooper celebrates a company milestone; Peggy competes with Paul for an account.
385	Mad Men	The Gypsy and the Hobo	Drama	8.6	Sterling Cooper welcomes back a prodigal client; Betty and the children take a trip; Joan and Greg make plans for their future.
385	Mad Men	The Grown-Ups	Drama	8.6	A candidate makes an impression on Don; Peggy's taste in men proves questionable; and Pete faces a major decision about his career.
385	Mad Men	Shut the Door. Have a Seat.	Drama	8.6	In the third-season finale, Don has a pivotal meeting with Connie (Chelcie Ross); Betty is the beneficiary of some interesting advice; and Pete has a serious sit-down with some clients.
385	Mad Men	Public Relations	Drama	8.6	In the Season 4 opener, Don's reluctance to talk about himself jettisons a prestigious trade-paper interview that the company was hoping would be a boon to business. Meanwhile, the "wholesome" manufacturer of two-piece swimsuits wants to hire the firm but doesn't want a sexy ad campaign; Pete and Peggy stage a stunt in an effort to secure more money from a meat-company client; and Roger plays Cupid for Don.
385	Mad Men	Christmas Comes But Once a Year	Drama	8.6	The agency's Christmas party is nearly spoiled by the late arrival of a surprise and not-so-welcome visitor.
385	Mad Men	The Good News	Drama	8.6	Don plans a jaunt to Acapulco, while back at the office, Lane and Joan get into a serious disagreement.
385	Mad Men	The Rejected	Drama	8.6	When Pete receives an edict from Roger and Lane, he finds himself confronting personal dilemmas at work and on the home front. Meanwhile, Peggy befriends Joyce, a photo editor at Life magazine, who invites the copywriter to a party at a downtown loft, where Peggy gets hit on from a number of sides. And Faye's self-deprecating remarks at a focus-group meeting don't sit well with Don.
385	Mad Men	The Chrysanthemum and the Sword	Drama	8.6	Don and Pete disregard Roger's expectations in an effort to land an important new client.
385	Mad Men	Waldorf Stories	Drama	8.6	Peggy and her new creative partner don't see eye-to-eye; Don pitches a client under an unusual set of circumstances.
385	Mad Men	The Suitcase	Drama	8.6	:  A rapidly approaching deadline causes consternation and throws things into a tizzy at the agency.
385	Mad Men	The Summer Man	Drama	8.6	Peggy and Joan are forced to deal with some insulting office behavior; Don and his date Bethany (Anna Camp) have an uncomfortable encounter with Betty and her husband at a fancy restaurant. Later, during a late-night business meeting, Don invites Faye (Cara Buono) to dine with him, and dinner turns into a bit more than either had expected.
385	Mad Men	The Beautiful Girls	Drama	8.6	A romantic gesture in the form of a thoughtful gift could lead to professional problems for Peggy.
385	Mad Men	Hands and Knees	Drama	8.6	Betty is a bit unsettled when a surprise visitor stops at the Francis home.
385	Mad Men	Chinese Wall	Drama	8.6	An all-hands meeting is called at Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce, and the gossip starts to fly about an important client leaving the agency and that possibly more will follow. Meanwhile, a competing firm attempts to poach select SCDP employees; Peggy has a passionate romp with Abe and later tries her hand at wooing the Playtex people.
385	Mad Men	Blowing Smoke	Drama	8.6	While trying to navigate a crisis, Don encounters an old friend.
385	Mad Men	Tomorrowland	Drama	8.6	In the Season 4 finale, a surprising opportunity rears its head for both Don and Peggy, leaving them with life-altering decisions to make.
385	Mad Men	A Little Kiss (1)	Drama	8.6	Don is greeted with a surprise; Roger and Pete clash; and Joan has a run-in with a houseguest.
385	Mad Men	A Little Kiss (2)	Drama	8.6	Don is greeted with a surprise; Roger and Pete clash; and Joan has a run-in with a houseguest.
385	Mad Men	Tea Leaves	Drama	8.6	Peggy receives new responsibilities as the firm makes a concentrated push to increase business. Later, Don and Harry go the extra mile for a big client.
385	Mad Men	Mystery Date	Drama	8.6	Don has an encounter with someone from the past; Joan comes to a momentous decision. Meanwhile, Roger increases Peggy's workload.
385	Mad Men	Signal 30	Drama	8.6	Lane makes an interesting friend; Pete plays host to an assortment of guests.
385	Mad Men	Far Away Places	Drama	8.6	Peggy has a tough time during a particularly formidable pitch; Don calls on a potential client.
385	Mad Men	At the Codfish Ball	Drama	8.6	Don, Roger and Pete team up to rustle up some new clients; Sally lends a hand to a relative.
385	Mad Men	Lady Lazarus	Drama	8.6	Peggy reluctantly harbors a secret; Pete steps up for a friend; Don gets a surprise.
385	Mad Men	Dark Shadows	Drama	8.6	Don's competitive nature comes to the fore; Roger pursues some new clients; Sally is met with a challenge.
385	Mad Men	Christmas Waltz	Drama	8.6	Christmas proves rewarding to many at the agency; Harry does a good turn for a friend.
385	Mad Men	The Other Woman	Drama	8.6	Don deals with a challenging pitch, while Peggy ponders taking a trip.
385	Mad Men	Commissions and Fees	Drama	8.6	Don receives an intriguing lead and follows up on it.
385	Mad Men	The Phantom	Drama	8.6	Season 5 concludes with opportunities abounding for everyone at the agency, while Pete encounters an interesting stranger on a train.
385	Mad Men	The Doorway (1)	Drama	8.6	Don launches a new campaign in the sixth-series opener.
385	Mad Men	The Doorway (2)	Drama	8.6	Roger receives some unnerving news; and Betty welcomes a houseguest.
385	Mad Men	The Collaborators	Drama	8.6	Don has a difference of opinion with a client, while Peggy has problems motivating the staff.
385	Mad Men	To Have and to Hold	Drama	8.6	The partners try to keep a secret campaign under wraps, while Joan gets a visit from an old friend.
385	Mad Men	The Flood	Drama	8.6	Peggy plans for the future, while Roger courts a potential client.
385	Mad Men	For Immediate Release	Drama	8.6	Roger changes tack to make new business; Pete has an awkward run-in with a client.
385	Mad Men	Man With a Plan	Drama	8.6	Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce tries to placate competing clients; Pete is blindsided by an unexpected guest.
385	Mad Men	The Crash	Drama	8.6	Don is disrupted by a surprise visitor; Peggy looks for inspiration.
385	Mad Men	The Better Half	Drama	8.6	Roger is plagued by a recurring dream; Joan goes to the beach.
385	Mad Men	A Tale of Two Cities	Drama	8.6	The agency works to keep a client; Joan is caught off guard.
385	Mad Men	Favors	Drama	8.6	etty plans for Sally's future, while Peggy encounters trouble at home.
385	Mad Men	The Quality of Mercy	Drama	8.6	The partners disagree on a new campaign; Don takes a day off.
385	Mad Men	In Care Of	Drama	8.6	In the series 6 finale, Don has a problem.
385	Mad Men	Time Zones	Drama	8.6	The Season 7 opener finds Don making a new friend, and Joan meeting a client for drinks. Elsewhere, Peggy hears some impressive new work, and Roger experiences a strange phone call.
385	Mad Men	A Day's Work	Drama	8.6	Peggy receives flowers at the office; Pete navigates the politics of new business; Joan is put in an awkward situation.
385	Mad Men	Field Trip	Drama	8.6	Don takes an impromptu trip; Betty has lunch with a friend; Harry lobbies for a cause; the partners consider a questionable asset.
385	Mad Men	The Monolith	Drama	8.6	Sterling Cooper & Partners prepares for a guest; Don calls an old friend; Roger confronts problems at home; Pete underestimates Peggy.
385	Mad Men	The Runaways	Drama	8.6	Don gets a visitor from his past; Stan embarrasses a superior; Peggy helps Ginsberg with a problem; Harry discovers a new ally at the agency.
385	Mad Men	The Strategy	Drama	8.6	Peggy does research for a pitch; Pete is invited to join an exclusive club; Joan seeks time spent with a friend.
385	Mad Men	Waterloo	Drama	8.6	Don receives a troubling letter; Pete butts heads with Cutler; Roger gets an unexpected phone call; and a risky venture entails a new future for Peggy.
385	Mad Men	Severance	Drama	8.6	Don tries to track down a friend; Joan struggles to solve a problem with an account; Peggy is set up by an unlikely person.
385	Mad Men	New Business	Drama	8.6	Roger gives Don some unwanted advice; Peggy and Stan disagree over an account's personnel; Harry asks for Don's blessing.
385	Mad Men	The Forecast	Drama	8.6	Roger pawns off a project onto Don; Joan goes on a business trip; Peggy and Pete clash over how to deal with an account emergency.
385	Mad Men	Time & Life	Drama	8.6	Don comes up with a big idea; Roger asks Joan for help with a clerical error; Peggy has a hard time with casting for a commercial.
385	Mad Men	Lost Horizon	Drama	8.6	Don receives a reward for his work; Joan butts heads with a coworker on an account; Roger dodges a big decision.
385	Mad Men	The Milk and Honey Route	Drama	8.6	Don has trouble sleeping; Pete is blindsided by a friend; Henry arranges a family reunion.
385	Mad Men	Person to Person	Drama	8.6	The stories of Don Draper, his family and his coworkers come to an end in the series finale.
387	Rookie Blue	Rookie Blue	Drama	8.2	The stakes are high for five young cops fresh out of the Academy and ready for their first day with one of the most elite units in the city. Under the watchful guidance of their officers, Andy McNally and her four fellow rookies quickly learn that no amount of training could prepare them for this new world where every day is a first. Each case they tackle and choice they make will impact their lives, but it's their personal relationships that may play an even greater role in defining the cops they become.
387	Rookie Blue	Butterflies	Drama	8.2	Five young and ambitious rookie cops continue to navigate the emotional trials and tribulations of their professional and personal lives. Last summer these rookies hit the streets for the first time with their training officers and learned how to walk the thin blue line. Now the training wheels are off. More experienced, they're ready to kick some serious butt. But these rookies are just beginning to realize there are no shortcuts to being successful at this job. And when you're a rookie officer, a little knowledge is a dangerous thing, as they discover.
387	Rookie Blue	Might Have Been	Drama	8.2	Andy and Gail go undercover as cocktail waitresses to clean up a drug-infested club, but get more than they bargained for when their fellow waitress turns out to be involved with a vicious criminal. Meanwhile, Traci wrestles with feelings for her old flame, Detective Barber, Dov tries to weather the storm when a young woman files a complaint against him, and Andy unwittingly opens up to Sam about her commitment to Luke.
387	Rookie Blue	Bad Moon Rising	Drama	8.2	As a full moon hangs over the city, the rookies are unnerved by a series of strange occurrences. While investigating the bizarre theft of three severed heads from a medical lab, Andy and Swarek track a disturbed man whose obsessive behavior makes him suspect. In an effort to protect the life of a young woman who may be the next target, Andy places herself - and, inadvertently, Luke - in a potentially fatal situation.
387	Rookie Blue	Heart & Sparks	Drama	8.2	As the 15th Division attempts to recover from an explosive event involving one of their own, a series of arsons culminates in the torching of a laundromat. The list of suspects grows, as Chris and Gail take to the streets and encounter a man from Chris's past, while Traci interrogates a young firebug found at the arson scene. Meanwhile, Andy's effort to stop the grieving widow from entering the burnt-out laundromat resultS in the two women being trapped in the unstable building, and what seems like a straightforward case of arson ends up being something much bigger.
387	Rookie Blue	Stung	Drama	8.2	A local car dealership is the backdrop for a Division 15 sting operation to crack down on suspects with outstanding warrants. However, when one of the captured criminals tries to bargain for a lighter sentence by offering insider information to Dov and Chris, it puts them in peril in a booby-trapped meth house. Meanwhile, Jo convinces Luke to help her on a high-stakes surveillance job. Trapped together in a hotel room, the two detectives finally have it out over their past, raising the question of whether they are really finished.
387	Rookie Blue	In Plain View	Drama	8.2	When a police informant's murder points to the involvement of the notoriously brutal East Jameson gang, the division realizes that cracking this case will not be easy. And when Gail's intimidating mother, Superintendent Elaine Peck, arrives on the scene, there is even more pressure to solve the case. Meanwhile, Andy finds herself paired with Detective Rosati, whose unintentional disclosure of a secret puts Andy's relationship with Luke in jeopardy. And Gail, stressed out by her mother's presence in the station, is assigned to protect the only known witness to the crime -- a seemingly homeless eight-year-old boy with a shocking secret of his own.
387	Rookie Blue	The One That Got Away	Drama	8.2	Andy is worried that her personal problems are clouding her professional judgment when a woman is brutally attacked on her watch. Detective Luke Callaghan is convinced that it's the same suspect when the details of assault are alarmingly similar to the unsolved murder of a rookie. Ironically, Andy is caught in between dueling theories of the crimes - one supported by Luke, the other by Jo Rosati. But when Luke is booted from the investigation because of erratic behavior, he tries to get Andy to follow through on his hunch - putting her in serious danger -- .
387	Rookie Blue	Monster	Drama	8.2	Division 15 is thrown into a panic when a seemingly drunk man that Gail and Traci brings in collapses from a mysterious illness and everyone is placed under a quarantine. Meanwhile, Andy and Swarek team to apprehend and book an unusual suspect in a brutal bank robbery - a man covered with blue dye. But will they uncover the identity of his violent partner? And as time ticks down, the squad grows increasingly nervous about the quarantine, with Gail worrying about her exposure to the sick man. Also, Dov's first date with a sexy bomb technician ends in a thrilling takedown.
387	Rookie Blue	Brotherhood	Drama	8.2	It's a race against the clock as Dov and Gail work under Swarek's expert tutelage in a stakeout operation to stop an Asian gang from killing a snitch. Meanwhile, at Mounted Unit training day, Andy and Chris join the rookies from Division 27 in a competitive equine training event that gets Andy back in the saddle - both personally and professionally -- .
387	Rookie Blue	Best Laid Plans	Drama	8.2	In the course of pursuing a kidnapper, Andy and Swarek come upon a terrible accident with a woman pinned in her car. While Swarek tracks the missing child and his kidnapper, Andy stays behind with the critically injured woman. The rest of the 15th Division gets in the chase to catch the kidnapper, but Chris comes to blows with Dov over an indiscretion involving Gail. Meanwhile, Andy is galvanized to take bold action when she realizes life may be passing her by while she is making other plans.
387	Rookie Blue	A Little Faith	Drama	8.2	Andy, Dov and Traci are tested with a challenging undercover training exercise, but things go awry when Andy and Traci run into Swarek on his own undercover operation, and they must tread carefully not to blow his cover. The women stumble on a young woman who is overdosing and risk blowing their own cover to save her life. Meanwhile, Dov finds himself on a "ride-along" with a drug dealer who was an old friend of his dead brother's, and faces a choice that could threaten his career. Back at the station, Chris and Gail deal with a teenage boy they found tied up at a graveyard, but must sift through the wreckage of their relationship to get to the bottom of a bullying situation.
387	Rookie Blue	On the Double	Drama	8.2	When Gail's uniform is stolen from her car, she and the other rookies from Division 15 attempt to catch a cop-impersonating vigilante. A drug deal gone awry may offer clues to help Chris and Dov unravel the motive behind the cop masquerade. Meanwhile, Andy and Sam's inability to stay away from each other poses a life-threatening risk to Swarek.
387	Rookie Blue	God's Good Grace	Drama	8.2	Blaming herself for Swarek's mysterious disappearance and fearing for his life, Andy struggles to find a lead in the case. She's right to worry-- Swarek is being brutalized by a vicious gangster with a vendetta. Will Andy and the other rookies find him in time? Little do they know that shocking events triggered by this investigation will incriminate one of their own and may also put an end to Andy's career.
387	Rookie Blue	The First Day of the Rest of Your Life	Drama	8.2	Five young and ambitious rookie cops continue to navigate the emotional trials and tribulations of their professional and personal lives. After two years on the job, these rookies are well on their way to becoming experienced cops. But at what cost? What price will they have to pay, both professionally and personally, to succeed at their jobs? And how can they stay true to themselves - maintaining their individuality and compassion - along the way? While a new rookie has joined 15 Division -- ex-soldier Nick Collins, who is trying to adapt to civilian policing after serving in Afghanistan -- the rest of the rookies are now entering their third year on the job. They have overcome the sophomore curse: that a little knowledge is a dangerous thing. However this year, the rookies of 15 Division are going to have to learn to be careful what they wish for - and they are going to learn it the hard way.
387	Rookie Blue	Class Dismissed	Drama	8.2	The theft of an armed police car tops the list of dangerous pranks as local schools wind to a close for the summer. While tracking down the stolen vehicle, Andy and Swarek pick up the trail of a hotheaded teen boy who robbed and violently assaulted a notorious local criminal - who happens to be his girlfriend's father. Andy and Swarek must find the armed teenager before disaster strikes.
387	Rookie Blue	A Good Shoot	Drama	8.2	Dov's world explodes into chaos when he walks in on a convenience store robbery in progress - and shoots a young black teenager, who may or may not have been armed. The tight-knit community erupts in outrage, as the ensuing investigation calls into question whether Dov used excessive force or acted too quickly. Filled with self-doubt, Dov is left to wonder if he operated within the guidelines or if he will be charged with murder, as 15 Division struggles to prevent a riot in the sweltering streets.
387	Rookie Blue	Girls' Night Out	Drama	8.2	All hell breaks loose on Traci's first day as detective when a carload of young women from a bachelorette party slams into another vehicle, apparently killing the driver. When the police discover that the driver of the parked car was dead before the accident, Traci realizes that her "rookie" handling of the car crash may have compromised the pending homicide investigation. Meanwhile, as Gail and Chris work together on the case, Chris not only realizes he still has feelings for Gail but that he also has competition. Finally, when Traci and Andy uncover a secret the bride is desperately trying to keep, it's a race to find the murderer before he strikes again.
387	Rookie Blue	Messy Houses	Drama	8.2	Andy's personal life turns upside-down when she answers a domestic disturbance call and the social worker on the scene turns out to be her long estranged mother, Claire, who abandoned her and her father 15 years ago. Now Andy must deal with her private issues as she works alongside her mother to investigate the secrets of a family in turmoil. Meanwhile, Sam, Nick, Chris and Gail are in a race to find the desperate mother and her two children before she makes a tragic mistake. And Detective Jerry Barber's badge may be on the line when a stash of guns he recovered ends up resurfacing on the streets.
387	Rookie Blue	Coming Home	Drama	8.2	A noise complaint at an illegal warehouse party leads Andy and Swarek to an injured John Doe, a homeless squatter who has been brutally stabbed. They apprehend a surprising material witness -- Oliver Shaw's 15-year-old daughter, Izzy. When Izzy disappears, the officers move into emergency mode to track her down. But her involvement in the crime nearly pushes Shaw over the edge - both as a cop and a father -- .
387	Rookie Blue	Leap of Faith	Drama	8.2	After the embarrassing loss of a key witness in an upcoming organized crime trial, the officers of 15 Division must turn to a man who claims he is a gifted psychic to help track the witness down. Having taken a leap of faith when his information checks out, they begin to suspect the man's motives.. Is he a talented psychic or brilliant con man? The police are compelled to confront some hidden truths about themselves and their fellow officers.
387	Rookie Blue	The Girlfriend Experience	Drama	8.2	A grad student's disappearance leads Andy and Nick to discover the woman's double life as a high-end escort. When a pattern of missing women emerges, Gail, who is physically similar to the victims, is sent in on an undercover sting operation. Meanwhile, Dov and Chris are following a different lead, and when they uncover the body of a missing woman, the case takes an even more dangerous turn. A twisted killer is still at large, but, now, does he have his sights set on Gail?
387	Rookie Blue	Out of Time	Drama	8.2	The officers of 15 Division are forced to release a suspected predator for lack of evidence. But when Dov and Chris make a grim discovery -- a missing girl's body, hidden in a deserted ravine -- all bets are off. Detective Luke Callaghan returns to oversee the homicide investigation, and soon realizes this might be the work of a serial killer. When they learn that Andy has been assaulted and Gail violently abducted following the call girl sting, the officers rally in a race against time to track down Gail's captor before it's too late. Following up on a simple lead, one officer ends up directly in the path of the killer. Will it end with the ultimate sacrifice?
387	Rookie Blue	Cold Comforts	Drama	8.2	The officers are trying to move on with their lives in the face of a tragedy when they discover a police laptop has been stolen, containing sensitive information. They set off on a hunt to recover the computer and prevent any dangerous fallout. When Andy, Nick and Swarek uncover a drug informant who may have been compromised by the leak -- and when Sam suspects the informant's motives -- it drives a wedge between Andy and Sam, unleashing pent up emotions.
387	Rookie Blue	The Rules	Drama	8.2	When a death threat aimed at a local priest leads Andy and Nick to a neighborhood drug lord, the officers realize that they're navigating a delicate war zone and that the priest may be hiding some surprising secrets of his own. Meanwhile, Gail and Traci pick up one of the drug runners - a young girl whose refusal to be an informant compels Traci to make a major decision about her career. Chris and Swarek clash over what it takes to make a good cop, and Dov's new relationship takes a dramatic and dangerous turn.
387	Rookie Blue	Every Man	Drama	8.2	Weeks of trials and tribulations come to a head when the rookies of 15 Division are left on their own and a frenzied night in the station culminates in a prisoner pulling a gun on Chris in cells. The ensuing inquiry has Internal Affairs looking for someone to blame. With careers on the line, the rookies reflect on the personal and professional choices that have led each of them to that night's events, walking a fine line between telling the truth and having each other's backs. Meanwhile, Gail is still trying to recover from her harrowing abduction, Chris is blindsided by a personal revelation, and Andy learns a secret about Nick's past.
387	Rookie Blue	I Never	Drama	8.2	When a violent child abductor escapes from an emergency hospital visit, the officers of 15 Division try to track him down before he takes another young victim. When Andy and Dov discover that the desperate man has snatched another girl, Andy and Swarek find themselves in a deadly standoff to save the terrified victim, resulting in a major emotional confrontation -- and a serious choice for Andy. Meanwhile, Chris' family obligations have him contemplating a transfer, and Traci and Gail each face monumental decisions regarding their respective careers.
387	Rookie Blue	Surprises	Drama	8.2	A group of young and ambitious rookie cops continue to navigate the emotional trials and tribulations of their professional and personal lives. After three years on the job, these rookies are well on their way to becoming experienced officers, but at what cost? It's been six months since Andy McNally and Nick Collins left for their undercover operation. But while they were gone, everything seems to have changed at 15 Division.
387	Rookie Blue	Homecoming	Drama	8.2	Andy must make peace with her past when she's forced to work a bank robbery case with the newly promoted Swarek on her first day back at 15 Division. The investigation leads them to a violent ex-convict determined to get his old life back at any cost. Meanwhile, Nick and Gail help a distraught woman who offers Nick some perspective on his life with Gail, and Frank drops a bombshell on Noelle.
387	Rookie Blue	Different, Not Better	Drama	8.2	Andy and Officer Marlo Cruz, Swarek's new girlfriend, butt heads on their first patrol together. Their different ways of handling the job are put to the test when they confront an emotionally disturbed woman who is losing control - and explode when one of them is forced to make a crucial life-saving decision to pull the trigger. Meanwhile, the rest of 15 Division is hunting down an armed burglar with a novel MO after a string of ATM robberies, and Dov is forced to work with new rookie Chloe Price after their indiscreet first encounter.
387	Rookie Blue	The Kids Are Not Alright	Drama	8.2	Andy is ready to get away for a much-needed long weekend when she and Gail, working a routine highway spot check, discover a teenage boy bound and gagged in the trunk of a car. The two find themselves plunged into a messy tale of young love gone wrong and must try to save the boy from making a tragic mistake. Meanwhile, Swarek, Oliver and Chris are hot on the trail of a gunman who shot a 16-year-old who may have gang connections.
387	Rookie Blue	Poison Pill	Drama	8.2	A chaotic drug arrest by Andy and Marlo triggers an all-out crisis when it's discovered that the drugs are contaminated with deadly bacteria. Swarek leads the squad in the scramble to get the tainted drugs off the streets before an outbreak sweeps the city. Meanwhile, Andy and Marlo are plunged into an intimate decontamination process, forcing Marlo to expose a shocking secret while under quarantine. And Dov and Chloe see their budding romance threatened when Dov suspects Chloe is hiding secrets.
387	Rookie Blue	Skeletons	Drama	8.2	The investigation of a missing girl is linked to a possible copycat of one of the squad's most gut-wrenching cases. Detective Luke Callaghan is brought back to 15 Division to help capture the abductor. With the clock ticking, Gail is forced to confront her worst fears in order to help solve the case. Meanwhile, Traci realizes she must move past Jerry's death, and Andy and Sam work together again, coming face to face with their past and the real reason for their breakup.
387	Rookie Blue	Friday the 13th	Drama	8.2	The grisly discovery of human bones in a ravine re-opens a 15-year-old missing persons case, and Swarek teams up with his old training officer, Charlie Walsh, in an effort to close the case. But an up-close-and-personal look at Charlie's life makes Swarek think twice about whether he wants to continue in his mentor's footsteps. And a weird night gets even stranger when Chloe and Dov can't agree with how to deal with a witch and her disgruntled client.
387	Rookie Blue	For Better, For Worse	Drama	8.2	Everyone at 15 Division is looking forward to celebrating at Frank and Noelle's wedding. But when a casino-bound bus full of seniors citizens is robbed at gunpoint, all bets are off. Meanwhile, the wedding preparations go awry when Traci discovers the bride has disappeared, and Andy's day takes a 180-degree turn when she and Nick share a strangely intimate moment.
387	Rookie Blue	What I Lost	Drama	8.2	Chris' reunion with his rookie family takes a shocking turn when his son, Christian, is kidnapped while in Andy and Nick's care. As the squad spreads out to search for the boy, Swarek is confronted with Andy and Nick's budding relationship. As our officers discover clues to the identity of Christian's abductor, Chris is slapped with a stunning revelation that might tear his new family apart.
387	Rookie Blue	You Are Here	Drama	8.2	A routine bust of a marijuana grow-op develops into Traci's first homicide case, and Andy, Nick and Gail are forced to work overtime to investigate the unusual murder case. Meanwhile Swarek, Oliver, Chris and Dov are off for a weekend of male bonding and generator repair at Oliver's new cabin. Both Andy and Sam both have something to confess, but is it too little too late for both of them?
387	Rookie Blue	Deception	Drama	8.2	When a suspected pedophile is found severely beaten, Andy discovers that Marlo has been carrying out an all-out, unauthorized investigation into the man. Andy and Swarek must scramble to cover for Marlo's unprofessional conduct before she is exposed. Meanwhile, Traci oversees a major drug sweep, assisted by Chloe, Nick, Dov and Gail, but when Sam leaves his post to help Marlo, the operation takes an unexpected turn.
387	Rookie Blue	Under Fire	Drama	8.2	Andy and Chloe are blindsided by an unseen shooter when they respond to a routine 911 call. When more shots are fired at a subsequent emergency call, the officers realize that 15 Division is being targeted by someone out for revenge. The clock is ticking as the squad tries to serve and protect, while running down suspects. Meanwhile, Oliver comes face to face with the shooter in a gut-wrenching, life-changing moment.
387	Rookie Blue	You Can See the Stars	Drama	8.2	In the wake of violent targeted attacks on 15 Division, Andy, Swarek and their fellow officers begin to piece together a past crime in order to find out what has happened to Oliver Shaw. While the squad is desperately trying to find Oliver, Dov and Wes face off about what's best for Chloe. And as the shooter's plan is finally revealed, it may be too late for some of the officers of 15.
387	Rookie Blue	Blink	Drama	8.2	In the wake of Frank Best's dismissal, Inspector Jarvis promotes a reluctant Oliver to Acting Staff Sergeant. Today is also the day 15 Division gets a new rookie, Duncan Moore - an infuriating, eager, and connected millennial. Andy is up for the challenge and convinces Oliver to make her Duncan's Training Officer. But she may have acted too quickly. When Andy and Duncan end up as the first responders on a messy downtown homicide at a pawnshop, Andy has to try to show Duncan the ropes, while preventing him from compromising the case, himself, and his fellow officers. Meanwhile, Sam's sister, Sarah, is ready to leave his bedside, but not until she gives Andy some harsh and cautionary words about what to expect in the long run with Sam.
387	Rookie Blue	Heart Breakers, Money Makers	Drama	8.2	On the agenda for the day is 'Project Accountability' - a citywide operation to seize all "proceeds of crime" - then get to Fite Nite. The officers of 15 Division are assigned to seize items purchased with money earned illegally - a task no one is excited about. Andy and Nick are sent to an illegal gambling house - which turns out to still be in operation - and they dutifully arrest the homeowner. But after a confession that seems too good to be true, Andy recruits Sam to help her get to the bottom of what's really going on.
387	Rookie Blue	Wanting	Drama	8.2	Andy worries that her rookie, Duncan, may not have what it takes to succeed on the job. But her fears get pushed aside when they discover a man found shot in a stairwell at a dodgy apartment building - leading to the discovery of an executed gang leader in a nearby apartment. Now, it's all hands on deck at 15 Division to stop a potential gang war from breaking out. Andy and Duncan find themselves alone with the one witness who can tie the killers to the crime, and in a life-and-death moment with a 12-year old witness, Andy may regret giving her rookie so many chances. Meanwhile, Gail follows up on another victim of the tenement shootings - a woman that took a stray bullet in the laundry room - only to make a harrowing discovery that will shake Gail to her core.
387	Rookie Blue	Going Under	Drama	8.2	After tracking a handgun found at a frat house brawl, 15 Division decides to go undercover at the club-land bar that's supplying the illegal handguns. During the undercover operation, Dov can't help but notice Chris's jumpy, nervous behavior - and when Chris goes to extreme lengths to ensure a specific drug dealer walks away without charge, Dov is left wondering just what exactly is going on with his friend. Meanwhile, Andy is devastated to learn that allegations made by her flamed-out rookie, Duncan, means she has to sit out the night's activities. Andy offers to help Sam with his missing person's case, which then takes a dark and unfortunate turn.
387	Rookie Blue	Two Truths and a Lie	Drama	8.2	After the grim discovery of a missing man's body in the trunk of his car, 15 Division must try to find out what happened to Brian Gowdy - a high school teacher with no apparent enemies. While trying to track down their prime suspect, Andy and Sam go on the road to interview a list of prison inmates, leading them to someone with a surprising connection to Sam. Meanwhile, back at 15 Division, Traci leads the investigation and realizes they may have the wrong suspect.
387	Rookie Blue	Deal With The Devil	Drama	8.2	Despite a generous offer from Inspector John Jarvis, Oliver isn't interested in extending his contract as Acting Staff Sergeant. He's thrilled to be going back to the street. But Oliver's day takes a serious turn for the worse when his daughter Izzy shows up unannounced at the station, and when he learns Professional Standards is arriving early for Duncan's dismissal hearing. Oliver and Andy do some crash-course prep, but both are rendered speechless when Duncan presents incriminating new evidence against Andy. Cornered, Oliver finds himself making the exact kind of professional deal he never thought he would be capable of making.
387	Rookie Blue	Exit Strategy	Drama	8.2	Following Dov's discovery of Chris's cocaine problem, Chris seems to have gotten back on the right track. But while working a residential home invasion case, Dov realizes that Chris might not be ready to change after all. Meanwhile, back at the station, Steve informs Traci that he's about to raid an illegal gambling den where her ex-husband is a regular. Both Traci and Dov must make decisions that will greatly affect the people closest to them.
387	Rookie Blue	Moving Day	Drama	8.2	The officers of 15 Division have been assigned a thankless task: "helping" tenants move out of a condemned subsidized-housing complex and into a neighboring building. While checking on an empty unit, Andy and Chloe find a man who has been tortured and beaten unconscious, leading to the discovery of a ruthless criminal operation. Meanwhile, Nick and Gail arrest a pair of teenage siblings with secrets of their own, forcing Nick to divulge some of the darker truths of his own past.
387	Rookie Blue	Fragments	Drama	8.2	With a car-bomber still on the loose, the officers of 15 Division work frantically to track down the suspect while trying to figure out if more bombs have been planted around the city. Just when it feels like the worst is over, a bomb goes off in the evidence room of the station - with Andy McNally inside. But the violence - and the surprises - aren't over, leaving Sam Swarek dumbfounded.
387	Rookie Blue	Open Windows	Drama	8.2	Andy and Sam return to work; Andy is attacked at Traci's place and Sex Crimes Unit tries to take over the case.
387	Rookie Blue	Perfect Family	Drama	8.2	Andy contemplates her future with Sam after learning heartbreaking news; Andy meets a teen in need of protection.
387	Rookie Blue	Uprising	Drama	8.2	A riot erupts at an over-capacity women's correctional facility while Andy, Juliet, Nick and Gail are there to transfer inmates; a dangerous prisoner is desperate to prove her innocence to a trapped Andy and Juliet.
387	Rookie Blue	Letting Go	Drama	8.2	Nick receives new information on his tragic past, and goes off the grid to track someone down; Nick is forced to tell Juliet about his secrets.
387	Rookie Blue	A Real Gentleman	Drama	8.2	15 Division fears Traci has been kidnapped.
387	Rookie Blue	Home Run	Drama	8.2	A community-outreach baseball game is interrupted by a drive-by shooting; Sam plans a getaway with Andy.
387	Rookie Blue	Best Man	Drama	8.2	Andy and Sam are shocked to learn that Oliver is the prime suspect in Internal Affair's corruption investigation and they must find a missing explosives dealer to clear Oliver's name.
387	Rookie Blue	Integrity Test	Drama	8.2	Andy, Dov, Gail and Nick undertake a risky plan; Traci shadows Steve Peck, hoping to calm her fears about his involvement in the bombing.
392	Hunted	Hunted	Action	7.3	Sam is a spy, a hunter who now finds herself hunted by a ruthless hidden enemy. Trapped in an intricate web of suspense and paranoia, she must discover who wants her dead by confronting her past.
393	Video Game High School	Video Game High School	Comedy	9.0	VGHS is an action/comedy web series about best friends, first loves, and landing that perfect head shot. A classic high school dramedy, mixed with kick ass action and more than a little love of video games.
395	Longmire	Longmire	Drama	8.3	A&E's new original scripted series, "Longmire" is based on the Walt Longmire Mystery novels by best-selling author Craig Johnson. The series follows its central character, Walt Longmire the charismatic, dedicated and unflappable sheriff of Absaroka County, Wyoming. Widowed only a year, Longmire is man in psychic repair that buries his pain behind a brave face and dry... wit but is steadfast in his dedication to both his job and community.
395	Longmire	Down by the River	Drama	8.3	The team struggles with the fallout from Branch's confrontation with Barlow, and Walt's crusade to bring Nighthorse to justice spins out of control.
395	Longmire	War Eagle	Drama	8.3	Walt is forced to split his focus between new evidence in a personal case, and the murder of a caretaker at a former Japanese internment camp.
395	Longmire	High Noon	Drama	8.3	The investigation of Nighthorse heats up, but not in the way that Walt was hoping for. Cady makes a shocking discovery.
395	Longmire	Four Arrows	Drama	8.3	A body found in the luggage of a tour bus further complicates Walt's troubles with Nighthorse. Henry makes a bold move to help a mother and son.
395	Longmire	Help Wanted	Drama	8.3	When the husband of a former soldier is assaulted during an apparent robbery, Walt is drawn into an emotionally charged investigation.
395	Longmire	The Calling Back	Drama	8.3	A young Native American girl is raped on the reservation, which sparks new, volatile tensions between local oil rig workers and the Cheyenne people.
395	Longmire	Highway Robbery	Drama	8.3	A highway robbery sets off an investigation into a strange relationship, while Walt struggles to let go of the past.
395	Longmire	Hector Lives	Drama	8.3	When a former suspect in a rape case ends up dead in another county, Walt and Vic aren't convinced the death is an accident.
395	Longmire	Shotgun	Drama	8.3	Henry's attempt at justice backfires, resulting in new problems for him and a new investigation for Walt.
395	Longmire	What Happens on the Rez...	Drama	8.3	The line between justice and the law gets even blurrier for Henry and Walt as their hunt for a killer intensifies.
396	Gravity Falls	Gravity Falls	Comedy	9.0	Twin brother and sister Dipper and Mabel Pines are in for an unexpected adventure when they spend the summer with their great Uncle in the mysterious town of Gravity Falls, Oregon.
396	Gravity Falls	Tourist Trapped	Comedy	9.0	When Dipper and Mabel Pines arrive to spend their summer break in the remote town of Gravity Falls, Mabel's suspiciously weird new boyfriend causes the twins to come face to face with the town's strange and uncanny secrets.
396	Gravity Falls	The Legend of the Gobblewonker	Comedy	9.0	When Dipper and Mabel hear rumors that a lake monster lives at the bottom of the local lake, they enlist Soos to take them on a boating expedition to prove that it really does exist, instead of going with Stan Pines to go fishing.
396	Gravity Falls	Headhunters	Comedy	9.0	When someone tampers with Mabel's life-size wax statue, she and Dipper set out to find the culprit. Meanwhile, Grunkle Stan mourns over the loss of his wax doppelganger.
396	Gravity Falls	The Hand That Rocks the Mabel	Comedy	9.0	Dipper and Mabel discover their seemingly cherubic new neighbor, Lil' Gideon, happens to be the town's adored psychic. But when Dipper convinces Mabel to go on a date with Gideon to question his authenticity, she soon learns that his cuteness can fade all too quickly.
396	Gravity Falls	The Inconveniencing	Comedy	9.0	When Dipper tries to impress Wendy by acting older than he really is, he's invited to join a group of teenagers that leads to an old abandoned convenience store that may be haunted. Mabel tags along for the ride but gets sidetracked when she sees a discontinued line of flavored candies that sends her on an unexpected adventure.
396	Gravity Falls	Dipper vs. Manliness	Comedy	9.0	In a quest to attain manliness, Dipper ventures into the forest to battle the notorious Multi-Bear. Meanwhile, Mabel tries to teach Grunkle Stan how to be attractive to women, particularly the waitress in the local diner, Lazy Susan,.
396	Gravity Falls	Irrational Treasure	Comedy	9.0	When Dipper and Mabel discover evidence that the reported town founder is a hoax, they set out to expose the historical cover-up and prove that Mabel's silliness is not a bad thing.
396	Gravity Falls	The Time Traveler's Pig	Comedy	9.0	When Dipper wishes he could go back in time and undo a mistake he made, he discovers there is a time machine that can help him do just that. Meanwhile, it's love at first sight for Mabel when she wins a pet pig at the fair.
396	Gravity Falls	Fight Fighters	Comedy	9.0	After being challenged to a video game battle by Wendy's boyfriend Robbie, Dipper is shocked when his favorite playable fighter, Rumble McSkirmish, comes to life to defend him. But Dipper soon loses control over Rumble McSkirmish and has to find a way to stop him.
396	Gravity Falls	Little Dipper	Comedy	9.0	Dipper feels self-conscious that Mabel is taller than him and is becoming the alpha twin, so he seeks out a magic way to grow himself the same height. Meanwhile, Lil' Gideon takes advantage of Dipper's and Mabel's height discrepancies.
396	Gravity Falls	Summerween	Comedy	9.0	It's Gravity Falls' version of Halloween in Summer with Jack-o-Melons and lots of trick-or-treating. Dipper and Mabel are excited to join in on the fun, but when Wendy casually mentions that trick-or-treating is for kids, Dipper's whole outlook on the evening changes. The night gets even more complicated when a monster that Dipper accidentally insulted makes them fulfill his candy quota by night's end or else he will eat them.
396	Gravity Falls	Boss Mabel	Comedy	9.0	When Mabel questions the way Stan runs the Shack, he challenges her to a bet - whoever can make the most money in three days wins the chance to run the Shack however they wish for the rest of the summer. Mabel takes the bet and implements a new bossing method that coddles her employees and gives them the freedom to follow their hopes and dreams. Unfortunately, the results are not as expected and Mabel finds herself just trying to get back some normalcy. Meanwhile, Grunkle Stan sets off to win big money on a television game show.
396	Gravity Falls	Bottomless Pit!	Comedy	9.0	When Stan, Dipper, Mabel and Soos find themselves falling into a bottomless pit, they each decide to tell a different story to pass the time.
396	Gravity Falls	The Deep End	Comedy	9.0	When Mabel befriends a cute Merman trapped in the deep end of the public pool, she's determined to return him to his family in the ocean - even though that means her whirlwind.
396	Gravity Falls	Carpet Diem	Comedy	9.0	When Dipper discovers a hidden room inside the Mystery Shack, he is happy to claim it as his own space, but there is one problem - Mabel wants the room too. The duo compete to win the room with a contest that gets even trickier when they learn the room's carpet has electric body swapping properties.
396	Gravity Falls	Boyz Crazy	Comedy	9.0	When Mabel discovers that her favorite boy band is actually a bunch of imprisoned clones, she sets them free, only to decide on keeping them for herself. Meanwhile, Dipper is convinced that Robbie plans to brainwash Wendy with a secret message hidden inside one of his songs.
396	Gravity Falls	Land Before Swine	Comedy	9.0	When a prehistoric beast snatches Mabel's beloved pig Waddles, the Pines family must journey to a land trapped in time to rescue him.
396	Gravity Falls	Dreamscaperers	Comedy	9.0	Dipper, Mabel and Soos must travel through Grunkle Stan's mind to defeat a tricky dream demon summoned by Lil Gideon.
396	Gravity Falls	Gideon Rises	Comedy	9.0	After 'Lil Gideon swindles the Mystery Shack away from Stan, everything in Gravity Falls appears to be even more west of weird - Dipper, Mabel and Grunkle Stan are forced to move in with Soos and his grandmother, while the town remains enamored with Gideon's charm. Meanwhile, Grunkle Stan isn't certain he can take care of the twins and is considering sending them back home. With their summer in Gravity Falls threatening to come to an end, Mabel and Dipper decide to take on Gideon and win back their home.
396	Gravity Falls	Scary-Oke	Comedy	9.0	The Pines family resolves to get back to normal after the Li'l Gideon incident. They throw a "Mystery Shack is Back" party, but some unwelcome guests crash the celebration.
396	Gravity Falls	Into the Bunker	Comedy	9.0	Dipper's secret journal pages lead him and the gang to the author's hidden bunker where they find themselves face-to-face with a mysterious figure from Gravity Falls' lore.
396	Gravity Falls	The Golf War	Comedy	9.0	After being belittled by Pacifica one too many times, Mabel challenges her to a miniature golf-off which gets a tad out of control when some local residents offer their help.
396	Gravity Falls	Sock Opera	Comedy	9.0	Mabel decides to put on a sock puppet rock opera to impress a local puppeteer, but her show goes awry when Dipper's drive to uncover journal secrets leads to a supernatural disaster.
396	Gravity Falls	Soos and the Real Girl	Comedy	9.0	Soos needs a date for his cousin Reggie's engagement party and looks to a dating simulator game to help him talk to girls.
396	Gravity Falls	Little Gift Shop of Horrors	Comedy	9.0	In three separate mysterious tales, Stan is cursed by a Witch, Waddles accidentally eats a bowl of brain-enhancing jelly and builds a machine that allows him to speak for the first time, and Mabel faces her fear of Claymotion.
396	Gravity Falls	Society of the Blind Eye	Comedy	9.0	The kids, along with Old Man McGucket's help, discover there is a secret society in Gravity Falls.
396	Gravity Falls	Blendin's Game	Comedy	9.0	Blendin Blandin returns to fight Dipper and Mabel in a futuristic battle that could trap the two of them forever in time jail.
396	Gravity Falls	The Love God	Comedy	9.0	Mabel takes matchmaking too far when she steals a love potion from a real love god.
396	Gravity Falls	Northwest Mansion Noir	Comedy	9.0	Pacifica enlists Dipper's help to rid the Northwest Mansion of a ghost before he wreaks havoc on her fancy party. Nathan Fillion reprises his role as Pacifica's father, Preston Northwest.
396	Gravity Falls	Not What He Seems	Comedy	9.0	After government agents take Stan into custody, Dipper and Mabel question how much they really know about their Grunkle Stan. Nick Offerman guest stars as Agent Powers.
396	Gravity Falls	A Tale of Two Stans	Comedy	9.0	Cornered underneath the Mystery Shack, Stan must finally reveal the secrets of his past and his mysterious portal to Dipper and Mabel. Academy Award winner J.K. Simmons ("Whiplash") recurs as Stan's twin brother.
396	Gravity Falls	Dungeons, Dungeons, & More Dungeons	Comedy	9.0	Dipper finds an unlikely friend to join him with his newest obsession, a board game called "Dungeons, Dungeons & More Dungeons.".
396	Gravity Falls	The Stanchurian Candidate	Comedy	9.0	When Grunkle Stan decides to run for mayor, Dipper and Mabel have their work cut out for them trying to turn their gaffe-prone uncle into the perfect candidate.
396	Gravity Falls	The Last Mabelcorn	Comedy	9.0	A new threat leads Mabel to venture into the enchanted realm of the unicorns. Meanwhile, Dipper learns an unexpected twist about the enigmatic Bill Cipher.
396	Gravity Falls	Roadside Attraction	Comedy	9.0	Grunkle Stan takes the kids with him on a road-trip to sabotage all the other tourist traps in Oregon.
397	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	Comedy	7.3	After a naive Midwestern girl's big city dreams are dashed during her first week in New York, she finds herself living with her worst nightmare, in a hilarious, contemporary comedy about a female odd couple who are surrounded by an outrageous cast of characters.
397	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	Pilot	Comedy	7.3	June moves to Manhattan for a dream job and the perfect company apartment, only to have them disappear in a puff of reality, thanks to a CEO from the Bernie Madoff school of embezzlement. Deep in debt and out on the streets, June scrambles to land a job and a place to live. It seems that her luck has turned when she gets hired at a coffee shop and finds Chloe a charming, vivacious roommate - but with the morals of a pirate. Chloe soon swindles June out of all her savings, but she and her snarky friend, James Van Der Beek come to learn that, just because June's naive, she isn't stupid. June ingeniously turns the tables on Chloe, who is so shocked about being scammed herself that she decides to pull June into her colorful band of friends. Sure, it's all dysfunctional, bizarre and overwhelming, but so is New York City. And with the help of Chloe and the other oddballs around her, June might just learn the survival secrets she needs to make it there.
397	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	Daddy's Girl...	Comedy	7.3	Dating is awkward enough, but when you add Chloe into the mix, it grows tenfold, which June learns the hard way when she begrudgingly allows Chloe to set her up. Meanwhile, James decides to teach an acting class but can't seem to escape his Dawson persona.
397	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	Parent Trap...	Comedy	7.3	Type-A June is operating at her highest potential when she lands a demanding internship, juggles two jobs and adds on more responsibilities. But she meets her match when she's tasked with cleaning up one of Chloe's incredibly irresponsible, half-baked ideas. Meanwhile, James is psyched to have landed a classic body-swap movie, co-starring the talented Kiernan Shipka, and dives head first into the research.
397	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	The Wedding	Comedy	7.3	June is devastated when she receives a wedding invitation addressed to her and her ex-fiancé, so in an attempt make her feel better, Chloe gives June a crash course in confidence and fierceness -- but does too good a job.
397	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	Making Rent...	Comedy	7.3	June struggles to make ends meet and comes up with a creative way to make some extra cash for this month's rent. She decides to mass produce and sell her homemade jam, but when Chloe gets in on the action, she takes it to a whole new level. Meanwhile, James launches his own line of super skinny jeans called none other than 'Beek Jeans,' of course.
397	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	It's Just Sex...	Comedy	7.3	Chloe takes it upon herself to teach June to be sexually empowered and to dabble in some casual encounters. However Chloe's own sex life catches up to her, and to James, when their old sex tape leaks out to the public and James freaks out on how this will affect his likeability..
397	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	Shitagi Nashi...	Comedy	7.3	Finally feeling like one of the popular kids, June is desperate to keep pace with Chloe and her partying ways. It's not an easy task, especially when Chloe's 'it girl' lifestyle is so legendary that there's even a whole Japanese comic book series based on it! Meanwhile, James loses it when he discovers that Dean Cain's "Dancing with the Stars" dressing room is bigger than his.
397	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	A Reunion...	Comedy	7.3	James goes against Chloe's advice, succumbing to June's urging and attempting the unimaginable - dare we dream? -- a Dawson's Creek reunion! Along the way, he makes some shocking discoveries, veers slightly off course and encounters some stars of television past.
397	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	Love and Monsters...	Comedy	7.3	Halloween is June's favorite holiday, and even more so this year now that she is single! However when she discovers that Chloe plays elaborate Halloween "tricks" every year, June becomes consumed with stopping her before Chloe really hurts someone she might actually care about. Meanwhile due to a deep-rooted childhood fear of Halloween, James throws his annual Halloween "Positivity" Party.
397	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	Sexy People...	Comedy	7.3	June is obsessed with PEOPLE magazine's annual Sexiest Man Alive issue, though Chloe tells her she shouldn't be such a sheep by letting others tell her what's hot and sexy. To prove her point, and in true Chloe fashion, she swoops into the PEOPLE magazine offices in an attempt to put James on the cover this year. James is thrilled by the prospect, and now June suddenly finds him irresistibly attractive.
397	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	It's a Miracle...	Comedy	7.3	Chloe and June have different feelings about Thanksgiving - Chloe hates it, June loves it. Sadly, June can't afford to fly home this year, so Chloe persuades June to come with her to her parents' house for the holiday -- but under the most strange and awkward conditions. Meanwhile, James volunteers at an exclusive celebrity soup kitchen in order to get a photo opp, and is unpleasantly surprised when he and Luther get roped into actually working.
397	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	Whatever It Takes...	Comedy	7.3	Chloe teaches June to "network," i.e., to go drinking in the financial district, but when Chloe lands herself a hot young broker whose father is a Wall Street mogul, she also lands June a dream job offer! But there are strings attached, and June must make a tough decision. Meanwhile, James' worst nightmare is realized when he's paired with the worst pro-dancer on "Dancing with the Stars".
397	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	Bar Lies...	Comedy	7.3	The premiere day of "Dancing with the Stars" has finally arrived and James is in LA in prime dancing form, while Chloe is back home taking some liberties with James' empty penthouse with one of her infamous scams. June tries to step in and teach Chloe the importance of honesty... that is, until her own belief system is shaken. And when James finally step into the spotlight, mouths will drop.
397	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	A Weekend in the Hamptons...	Comedy	7.3	Everyone is in a bit of a funk -- June is obsessively awaiting news on a potential job and James is down on his luck -- so Chloe drags everyone along on a weekend getaway to the Hamptons. It's Chloe's mission to have the ultimate rager, crash the party of the year and hook up with the illusive host. However the road to debauchery keeps taking the wrong turn down paths of reflection.
397	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	Paris...	Comedy	7.3	June is nervous and excited about starting at Harken Financial. Things go surprisingly well, and she even meets an incredibly nice co-worker, Fox Paris. Chloe warns June, though, that she shouldn't be so trusting and that Fox is probably just keeping her enemies close. Meanwhile, Mark looks to James for help in expressing his newfound feelings for June.
397	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	The Scarlet Neighbor...	Comedy	7.3	June and Chloe attend their first tenants' meeting after a new family moves in the building, but they make a scandalous scene and June quickly realizes that she needs to clean up Chloe's act so that they're not branded the floozies of the building. However things backfire when Chloe decides to set her sights on Mark, which is then further complicated by James' attempt to sabotage June's virtuous efforts.
397	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	Mean Girls...	Comedy	7.3	June is making a real effort with Chloe to become BFFs, but Chloe is very wary because girls can be catty and manipulative, so instead June befriends a group of girls at her Pilates class who are the epitome of what Chloe detests. Meanwhile, James decides it's time to beef up his public image again and signs up to mentor an at-risk kid, but when they meet, neither of them knows what to do with the other.
397	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23	Dating Games...	Comedy	7.3	June and Mark are obsessed with a reality dating show, and Chloe convinces June to go out there and actually get in the game herself. But when Chloe and June end up asking the same guy out, they get sucked into their very own pseudo dating show, with James orchestrating various dating challenges as they compete to win this guy's affection.
398	Duck Dynasty	Duck Dynasty	Comedy	none	A&E Network introduces the Robertsons, a Louisiana bayou family living the American dream as they operate a thriving business while staying true to their family values and lifestyle. Ask anyone in Louisiana and they'll tell you that the bayou state's favorite first family doesn't live in the governor's mansion but in the backwoods, where the Robertsons' rags-to-riches story is still unfolding. A ...homegrown mom-and-pop operation, Duck Commander has become a sporting empire by fabricating top-of-the-line duck calls and decoys out of salvaged swamp wood. This newly minted multimillionaire family is kept in line by business-savvy Willie, who runs Duck Commander with the help of his brother Jase, their respective wives Korie and Missy, patriarch and founder of the company, Phil, and uncle Si. Together they run a booming business that employs half their neighborhood, but at the end of the day, you can find the whole family around matriarch Miss Kay's dinner table. Each episode brings a new set of challenges, met with a special brand of Southern know-how and a down-home sense of humor.
398	Duck Dynasty	Glory is the Reward of Mallard	Comedy	none	Willie goes on a business trip to Scotland in the Season 7 premiere. Meanwhile, Jep and Jessica plan a romantic getaway.
398	Duck Dynasty	Grooming The Groom	Comedy	none	The guys take John Luke golfing and dispense marital advice prior to his engagement party; Kay and Si tag along when Kori shops for engagement presents.
398	Duck Dynasty	Induckpendence Day	Comedy	none	Jase and the guys plan a fireworks extravaganza for the Robertson family's Fourth of July barbecue; Uncle Si becomes the subject of an exhibit at a local military museum.
398	Duck Dynasty	Search N' Decoy	Comedy	none	Jase and the guys repaint old duck decoys in an attempt to trick Phil; Willie takes on Kay's club in a bowling challenge.
398	Duck Dynasty	Wild Wild Pest	Comedy	none	Jase and the guys utilize their skills at removing pests from other people's property; Sadie and John Luke are offered summer jobs at Willie's diner, but must first undergo training to become good employees.
398	Duck Dynasty	Pranks For Everything	Comedy	none	Office jokesters Willie, Jase and Jep are volunteered to help Alan at the church; Korie gives Kay a surprise class with famous artist Pierre Henri Matisse.
398	Duck Dynasty	Bachelor Party Blowout	Comedy	none	Martin's bachelor party celebration at a hunting cabin gets interesting when the guys uncover an assortment of antique black powder weapons; Kay's dream of owning a petting zoo comes true.
398	Duck Dynasty	The Ducket List	Comedy	none	After Uncle Si has a brush with death, he decides to create a bucket list; Kay tries to prove that she graduated from high school.
398	Duck Dynasty	Pit Perfect	Comedy	none	When Duck Commander sponsors a NASCAR race, Jase and the guys attempt to work as a pit crew; Willie and Korie challenge John Luke and his fiancée to a tennis match.
398	Duck Dynasty	John Luke Gets Hitched	Comedy	none	John Luke Robertson and Mary Kate McEacharn are about to get married. Guests from all over the world show up for the momentous ceremony.
399	The Client List	The Client List	Drama	5.5	After last season's cliffhanger finale, season two of "The Client List" promises to be no easier for Riley Parks at home or at work. The Texas single mother of two who, after being deserted by her husband and left in financial straits, took a job at a seemingly traditional day spa only to learn that sexual favors are being offered there on the side. After her estranged husband Kyle returns, for better or for worse, Riley must walk the fine line between her anger and love for him and the romantic feelings she has for her brother-in-law Evan Riley also takes a larger role at the spa, resulting in added power, responsibility and burden, further complicating her life. New threats abound this season and trust becomes an overwhelming issue for Riley as everyone, even those she believes she can count on the most, seems to be hiding their own secret.
400	Copper	Copper	Drama	8.3	An American saga set in 1865 New York City, picks-up on the brink of Lincoln's assassination - with shifts in politics and society altering the landscape for Irish immigrants and African-Americans. At the center, Detective Kevin Corcoran struggles to tame the wartime metropolis while wrestling with personal demons, including the betrayal of his wife and best friend. And when Tammany Hall's outspoken General Brendan Donovan returns from the Civil War to restore law and order in the Sixth Ward, loyalties will be bought and sold both Uptown and in the slums of the Five Points as Corcoran, and those around him, fight to find their places in an unforgiving city.
401	Smash	Smash	Drama	7.0	The hit-making Broadway writing team of Julia Houston and Tom Levitt unites with producer Eileen Rand to create a new musical based on the life of Marilyn Monroe, and seasoned chorus girl Ivy Lynn vies with newcomer Karen Cartwright for the dream role.
402	A Young Doctor's Notebook and Other Stories	A Young Doctor's Notebook and Other Stories	Drama	8.5	Playhouse Presents. Daniel Radcliffe and Jon Hamm star in a comedy drama based on Mikhail Bulgakov's experiences as an inexperienced doctor in a remote Russian village.
403	Touch	Touch	Drama	8.2	MARTIN BOHM is a widower and single father who is haunted by an inability to connect to his emotionally challenged 11-year-old son JAKE. But when Martin discovers that Jake can predict events before they happen, everything changes. Martin meets social worker CLEA HOPKINS and Professor Arthur Teller who may have the keys to help unlock Jake's mind
403	Touch	Pilot: Tales Of The Red Thread	Drama	8.2	Bohm, is a widower and single father who is haunted by an inability to connect to his emotionally challenged 11-year-old son Jake. But when Martin discovers that Jake can predict events before they happen, everything changes. Martin meets social worker Clea Hopkins and Professor Arthur Teller who may have the keys to help unlock Jake's mind.
403	Touch	1+1=3	Drama	8.2	Martin Bohm, a widower and single father trying to connect with his mute 11-year-old son Jake, is led to a pawn shop where a robbery triggers a sequence of unpredictable events that connect a distraught flight attendant in New York, a son visiting from India on a mission to spread his father's ashes, a middle school magician in Moscow, a cancer patient in New York and a mobster in the Bronx. It's up to Jake and Martin to link the thread between them all.
403	Touch	Safety in Numbers	Drama	8.2	When Martin comes in contact with a homeless man who possesses the same obsession with numbers as Jake, he sets out on a series of seemingly unrelated tasks that connect an abused African woman, a group of African boys entering a dance competition and an outgoing woman at California's famed Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival. Meanwhile, Teller pays a visit to Jake's board-and-care facility and emotions run high for Clea.
403	Touch	Kite Strings	Drama	8.2	Martin crosses paths with a young man who has a history with his deceased wife, Sarah. A couple managing an online instrument repair business work with an Iraqi heavy metal band that has a teenage follower who is looking to share his comedic talent with an American soldier in Baghdad. But the soldier has troubles of her own when her convoy is ambushed, forcing her to hide in the Iraqi desert. Then, a lottery winner comes upon a depressed pastor.
403	Touch	Entanglement	Drama	8.2	Martin gets his laptop stolen on the day Jake is scheduled for an important evaluation. As a result, he becomes ensnared in a young Salvadoran woman's quest to avenge the death of her family. Meanwhile, Teller tries to reconnect with his estranged daughter. Also, a spirited Saudi Arabian girl tries to break free of the societal constraints imposed on her and a Montreal doctor attempts to meet a stranger on a train.
403	Touch	Lost and Found	Drama	8.2	As Martin and Clea work together to uncover a shocking development involving Clea's mentally-challenged mother, Teller steps into trouble when he visits Jake at the board-and-care facility. Meanwhile, a plane crash survivor seeks new purpose to his existence and a Chinese couple struggles to find balance between work and life.
403	Touch	Noosphere Rising	Drama	8.2	Martin attempts to find Teller's mysterious workshop and winds up aiding another professor, Logan, to win big at poker. Meanwhile, a young Italian man creates a viral video to track down the love of his life, whom he only met in passing, and a city slicker who plans to sell off his dead father's ranch, winds up learning a lesson from a horse that makes him appreciate the rural life his father chose. Then, Martin's sister-in-law, Abigail Kelsey, visits Clea and Jake at the board-and-care facility, much to Martin's dismay.
403	Touch	Zone of Exclusion	Drama	8.2	Following numbers from Jake, Martin helps reunite a French woman with her biological mother and twin sister, then he attempts to find the person responsible for their estrangement. In the meantime, a superstitious young Italian woman is fretting when her astronaut husband loses contact with earth.
403	Touch	Music of the Spheres	Drama	8.2	Martin exposes a corrupt parole officer, and a Brazilian street musician uses his guitar to win the heart of a beautiful woman. In addition, Jake bonds with another mute boy, while Clea and Martin learn new information about one of Teller's key patients.
403	Touch	Tessellations	Drama	8.2	When Martin is mistaken for a criminal, he must involve himself with a heist crew in order to win back an innocent dock worker's job. Meanwhile, an Israeli boy and Palestinian girl fight to keep their relationship afloat. Clea uncovers some surprising documents about Jake, while Martin and his late wife's sister meet to make a pivotal decision.
403	Touch	Gyre (1)	Drama	8.2	As the Aster Corporation increases their interest in Jake, Martin joins forces with Abigail as the stakes of Jake's custody escalate. When Avram reiterates to Martin that Jake and Amelia, a presumed dead girl with similar characteristics as Jake, are connected, Martin sets out on a passionate mission to uncover the truth. Meanwhile, circumstances intensify when Lucy enters the picture and seemingly unrelated events are tied together.
403	Touch	Gyre (2)	Drama	8.2	When Avram reiterates to Martin that Jake is connected to Amelia, a girl who is missing and presumed dead, Martin sets out on a passionate mission to uncover the truth. Meanwhile, circumstances intensify when Lucy enters the picture and seemingly unrelated events are tied together.
403	Touch	Event Horizon	Drama	8.2	Season Two of TOUCH picks up right where Season One left off - with Kiefer Sutherland's character, MARTIN, on the run with his son, JAKE, Martin is determined to keep Jake safe from those who want to exploit his supernatural abilities, but Jake is on a mission of his own - to find the elusive Amelia When Jake leads Martin to Los Angeles and to Amelia's mother, LUCY ROBBINS these three form an ad hoc family, searching for the girl who may be the key to understanding Jake's abilities. Factoring into the unfolding equation is the genius of Aster Corps., CALVIN NORBURG, who's on the verge of making a career-defining discovery, as well as the extreme religious zealot GUILLERMO ORTIZ, who stops at nothing to attain his vision. As ominous connections appear, Martin remains determined to uncover a global conspiracy in order to protect his family and save the lives of the innocent.
403	Touch	Closer	Drama	8.2	Season Two of TOUCH picks up right where Season One left off - with Kiefer Sutherland's character, MARTIN, on the run with his son, JAKE, Martin is determined to keep Jake safe from those who want to exploit his supernatural abilities, but Jake is on a mission of his own - to find the elusive Amelia When Jake leads Martin to Los Angeles and to Amelia's mother, LUCY ROBBINS these three form an ad hoc family, searching for the girl who may be the key to understanding Jake's abilities. Factoring into the unfolding equation is the genius of Aster Corps., CALVIN NORBURG, who's on the verge of making a career-defining discovery, as well as the extreme religious zealot GUILLERMO ORTIZ, who stops at nothing to attain his vision. As ominous connections appear, Martin remains determined to uncover a global conspiracy in order to protect his family and save the lives of the innocent.
403	Touch	Enemy Of My Enemy	Drama	8.2	Martin's mission to uncover clues and expose the potentially sinister Aster Corps has global consequences when an Aster Corps employee is crossing the border in Pakistan. Meanwhile, ruthless religious zealot Guillermo continues to track down the "36" Righteous Ones, and Jake leads Lucy to a woman with alarming connections to her missing daughter Amelia.
403	Touch	Perfect Storm	Drama	8.2	Unforeseen developments at Aster Corps force Martin to make a nail-biting decision and strike a deal with someone unexpected. Meanwhile, Lucy visits the police with new information about Amelia's kidnapping and Avram spots Guillermo in New York and warns Martin and Jake that he's on the hunt for them.
403	Touch	Eye to Eye	Drama	8.2	Race against time is triggered after Jake contacts Amelia with coordinates to a meeting location and both manage to escape their supervision. As Martin and Lucy desperately search for their gifted and determined kids, they uncover some critical details about Calvin's brain-damaged brother. Meanwhile in Mexico, Guillermo confesses his sins to a priest and faces a brutal decision.
403	Touch	Broken	Drama	8.2	After three years of searching for Amelia, Lucy's frustration and fury peaks. When she takes matters with Calvin into her own hands, he offers an unthinkable deal for Amelia's return. As Martin and Jake search for Lucy, they enlist Trevor at Breakwire to help. Meanwhile, Guillermo is reeling from his recent sins in Mexico, and he makes some life-changing decisions after running into a defeated man hiking through the Arizona desert.
403	Touch	Ghosts	Drama	8.2	During a rare rainy Los Angeles evening, Martin and Jake head to Breakwire to enlist the help of his old friend Dutch, a grizzled ex-Navy Seal. When the lights go out in the building, the storm is suspected, but all hell breaks loose when Guillermo enters the premises. As the intensity ratchets up and people turn up dead, Jake's ability to communicate with Amelia proves to be critical in defending his life.
403	Touch	Reunions	Drama	8.2	Following an exhausting turn of events at Breakwire, Martin, Lucy, and Jake track down Calvin outside Tony Rigby's house. After Martin collars Calvin into helping him locate Amelia, they head to Calvin's loft where he explains Aster Corps' motivations connected to Amelia, while Jake attaches himself to a revealing brain scanner. Jake's scan provides more information about Amelia's whereabouts as well as a final piece to the puzzle for Calvin to communicate with his brain-dead brother. Armed with leads to Amelia's location, Martin, Lucy and Jake put their lives on the line when they attempt to infiltrate an Aster Corps desert facility.
403	Touch	Clockwork	Drama	8.2	As Martin tracks down Philip Green, a man that Jake led him to, he learns that Mr. Greene was Dr. Teller's first patient and is on death row for the triple murder of Aster Corps employees. With the execution in a matter of hours, Martin rushes to the prison to look for answers, but Mr. Green won't reveal anything unless he is reunited with his estranged daughter - Dr. Kate Gordon. Will the numbers add up when time is of the essence and lives are at stake.
403	Touch	Two Of A Kind	Drama	8.2	As Jake uses a cipher to locate Amelia, Martin tracks a bloody path to Guillermo, who is stalking Dr. Nell Plimpton, someone we've seen before and one of the righteous "36." Meanwhile, Calvin Norburg meets with Nicole Farington, the uber-competent CEO of Aster Corps, who introduces him to the first quantum computer in an attempt to woo him back to the company. When different roads lead to the same location, lives are lost as shocking events unfold.
403	Touch	Accused	Drama	8.2	Martin rolls the dice with the authorities when he attempts to clear his name and spill the beans to a skeptical Detective Lange. As a result, Det. Lange escalates the investigation and issues an APB on a key player. Meanwhile, unforeseen events unfold when Jake leads Avram on a mission to a possible member of the "Righteous 36." Following Calvin Norburg's recent meeting with Aster Corps executive Nicole Farington, their nefarious mission accelerates and it's up to Martin to stop it.
403	Touch	Fight Or Flight	Drama	8.2	With the Aster Corps quarterly report just days away, executive Nicole Farington becomes increasingly desperate and the pressure is on for Calvin Norburg to deliver results from the company's ongoing study of the "Righteous 36." Following an intense encounter with Aster Corps enforcer Tanner, Martin schemes alongside Trevor Wilcox, who puts it all on the line to go undercover and prevent the company's distressed executives from harming innocent test subjects in the name of corporate greed.
403	Touch	Leviathan	Drama	8.2	As Aster Corps closes in on the completion of the number sequence that could catapult them to the top of the global economy, determined executive Nicole Farington stops at nothing with her two new test subjects. Meanwhile, Martin and Trevor are on an intense mission of their own to interrogate Aster Corps heavy Tanner for answers. As Jake and Amelia remain at the epicenter of these critical events, it's a race against time for Martin to save them before Aster Corps changes the world forever.
404	Magic City	Magic City	Drama	9.0	Miami Beach, 1959.As Ike Evans rings in the New Year at his luxurious Miramar Playa Hotel, Havana falls to Castro's rebels. It's a turbulent time in Miami, but it's THE place to be. The Kennedys, the mob and the CIA all hold court here. And Ike, he's the star of his hotel. But everything comes at a price. To finance his dream, he sold his soul to mob boss Ben "The Butcher" Diamond. Ike's wife Vera, a former showgirl, and his three kids think he's an honorable man, but he can't break his pact with the devil. His life is a façade. In fact, nothing at the Miramar Playa is what it seems. By day, it's diving clowns and cha-cha lessons. By night, escorts have secret liaisons with husbands in the family cabanas, while Miami's seedier residents and the law drift together to hear legendary singers, musicians and comics. As Ike's world threatens to implode, he fights for his family, and the Miramar Playa, in Magic City.
405	Derek	Derek	Drama	7.7	An Award-winning bittersweet comedy-drama about a group of outsiders living on society's margins, "Derek" centers around Derek Noakes (a tender, innocent man whose love for his job at a retirement home shines through. Derek cares deeply for the home's residents, because they are kind and funny and tell him stories of what life used to be like. Working alongside Derek is Dougie his landlord who is one of life's unlucky individuals; Kev a loveable train wreck; and Hannah a care worker in the home and Derek's best friend. She is smart, witty and hardworking, but unlucky in love, and, like Derek, always puts other people first.
406	Men at Work	Men at Work	Comedy	6.0	Men at Work is a brazen new original comedy about four hip, young professionals set to take on New York and live life "Full Steam" - ahead just like the name of the magazine that they work for. They follow the "boys will be boys" mantra of single, 30-somethings navigating work, friendship, and women.
406	Men at Work	Plan B	Comedy	6.0	Gibbs and Tyler attempt to get a discount on a gym membership by passing as a gay couple; Neal sets up Milo with Hannah, an old friend of his.
406	Men at Work	Missed Connections	Comedy	6.0	Tyler comes up with an ingenious plan to "create" the perfect woman for Milo and help him find an offline love... online. Gibbs experiences a different side of Neal while driving to a family engagement and tries to unleash the beast.
406	Men at Work	Will Work for Milo	Comedy	6.0	Homeless man decides to bully Milo to the point of no return. Neal is convinced that he needs to make a relationship power grab, and Amy isn't having any of it. Gibbs takes on a new, more respected position after finding an old pair of glasses. Tyler fakes a job in order to pick up a new customer.
406	Men at Work	The New Boss	Comedy	6.0	New editor is picked up at Full Steam Magazine, and the boys all do their best to impress. Gibbs' game gets shaky, Neal experiences a colossal confidence boost and Milo tries to get noticed. Meanwhile, Tyler tries to change up his dating style, and it doesn't go quite as well as he'd like to think.
406	Men at Work	Downshift	Comedy	6.0	Gibbs reluctantly falls into puppy love. Milo gets caught up in a relationship that is moving too fast for everyone to handle. And Neal teaches Tyler a lesson about the perfect hamburger.
406	Men at Work	The Good, The Bad & The Milo	Comedy	6.0	Milo decides it is time to break it off with Molly, but he doesn't want to leave on bad terms. Tyler and Gibbs don't see eye to eye with the owner of their favorite restaurant. And Neal is asked to fire an employee, but he doesn't have the guts to do it.
406	Men at Work	Tyler the Pioneer	Comedy	6.0	Tyler decides to be adventurous and date a woman with kids. Meanwhile, Neal, Gibbs and Milo fight over an office that has just been vacated at work.
406	Men at Work	Uncle Gibbs	Comedy	6.0	Gibbs' nephew Donald comes in town for a medical school interview, but a long night of partying throws off his plans. And Milo opts for a fashion change that really amps up his mojo.
406	Men at Work	The Gibbs-Orcism	Comedy	6.0	Tyler's new girlfriend is all too familiar to Milo and Gibbs, so they do their best to hide the truth from him. Neal and Amy do their best to avoid the "anniversary curse," but they can't seem to escape their fate.
406	Men at Work	Long Distance Tyler	Comedy	6.0	Milo and Gibbs have a date-off with a beautiful woman. Tyler and Rachel try to stick together through the hassles of a long-distance relationship. Neal and Amy suffer the consequences of allowing Tyler to use their apartment as a rendezvous location.
406	Men at Work	Weekend at PJ's	Comedy	6.0	Tyler and Milo get into a roommate fight after Tyler oversteps his bounds. Amy's father does his best to replace Neal with a more accomplished man. Gibbs searches for a woman who caught his eye at a wedding. And a little bit of moonshine leads to another marriage, much to everyone's surprise.
406	Men at Work	Pre-Posal	Comedy	6.0	Neal is going to propose to Amy, but first he has to get her father's blessing - and it's not going to be easy. Milo joins Gibbs on his yearly "samurai cleanse." Tyler finds his first gray hair and is convinced that the end is close - or at least closer.
406	Men at Work	Post-Posal	Comedy	6.0	Gibbs helps Neal plan the perfect proposal. When Neal doesn't get the answer he expected from Amy, Milo thinks it's all his fault. The guys accuse Tyler of "straight baiting" his new friend, who happens to be one of the richest men in America.
406	Men at Work	Holy New Boss!	Comedy	6.0	Myron, the new boss at Full Steam, has promised to fire one employee by the end of the day. When Neal shows up to work drunk, the guys rally to sober him up and save his job.
406	Men at Work	I Take Thee, Gibbs	Comedy	6.0	Milo's jealousy is tested when he dates a girl who has a "same-sex ex." Gibbs gets carried away with a "fake" marriage. Tyler tries to win Myron over with Neal's help.
406	Men at Work	Gigo-Milo	Comedy	6.0	Milo meets a book publisher, but it's not his writing she's interested in. Neal hires an intern and Myron enlists Tyler and Gibbs to make him look cool on social media.
406	Men at Work	Hi, Jude	Comedy	6.0	When Milo quits his job, Myron hires a pretty female writer, Jude to replace him. Tyler tries to earn Jude's respect. Gibbs thinks his apartment is haunted while Neal has some apartment issues of his own. Milo struggles to prove himself as a real writer.
406	Men at Work	Molly	Comedy	6.0	The guys follow a girl to a party to help Neal make a connection, but they get more than they bargained for when they learn that Molly isn't the host of the party - it's what's in the punch.
406	Men at Work	Suburban Gibbs	Comedy	6.0	Jude warns Gibbs that dating a girl from the suburbs is more dangerous than it seems. Tyler and Milo's friendship is tested when Tyler offers to cover Milo's share of the rent.
406	Men at Work	Jude Awakening	Comedy	6.0	Tyler attempts to ask Jude out on a date, but her past gets in the way. Worried that Gibbs is bottling up his emotions, Milo tries to get him to cry. The big source of Neal's sexual anxiety is revealed.
406	Men at Work	Odd Milo Out	Comedy	6.0	Tyler and Jude try to keep their new relationship a secret. Milo, already feeling left out since quitting Full Steam, has his traditional movie night taken away from him. Gibbs is hurt when Neal finds a new apartment. PJ tells a paranoid Myron to expect big changes in the office.
407	Mortal Kombat: Legacy	Mortal Kombat: Legacy	Action	8.5	In the beginning, the universe and its realms were in harmony, but even gods are not immune to power and greed. This balance was soon thrown into discord. The power-hungry gods challenged each other over the fates of their respective realms. They battled to the death in tournaments alongside mortal champions chosen from each realm. For millennia, Shao Kahn—the Emperor of Outworld—has successfully expanded his domain by defeating other realms. Edenia was the last realm to lose the tournament and fall to Shao Kahn. Ten years ago in the last tournament, Outworld and Earth-realm's warriors clashed, and Liu Kang emerged victorious. Earth-realm was spared. But now Shao Kahn's challenge has come again, and a new war is about to commence. The fate of Earth-realm and its inhabitants rests upon the outcome of this tournament. Let the kombat begin.
411	The Cape	The Cape	Action	7.4	Fueled by a desire to reunite with his wife Dana and son Trip law into his own hands and to battle criminal forces that have overtaken Palm City. Faraday is joined by Max Malini the ringleader of a circus gang of bank robbers, who mentors Faraday and trains him to become "The Cape," as well as investigative blogger Orwell who wages war on crime and corruption in Palm City. Together, they must battle Ark corporation billionaire Peter Fleming -- The Cape's nemesis -- who moonlights as the twisted killer "Chess."
411	The Cape	Tarot	Action	7.4	The Cape must battle Chess and his latest accomplice Cain -- a/k/a Chef -- as they try to take down the Patrick Portman the Secretary for the Bureau of Prisons, in an attempt to take over Palm City's jails. After narrowly escaping death, The Cape must rely on Orwell, Max Malini and the circus gang to nurse him back to health and then help him save Patrick before it is too late.
411	The Cape	Kozmo	Action	7.4	When Gregor Molotov, an old friend of Max Malini, comes to town in search of who is in possession of the cape, Vince must fight to save the people who took him in. Meanwhile, Dana is back to work in the public defender's office, where she encounters Palm City's corruption first hand. Peter Fleming and Marty Voyt continue their tireless pursuit to find out Orwell's true identity.
411	The Cape	Scales	Action	7.4	When "The Cape" tips off Dominic Raoul -- aka Scales -- that Peter Fleming has been extorting money from him, Scales heads to a costume party on a train to confront Fleming. "The Cape" and Orwell, also at the party, discover Max and the gang are going to heist the train, and Vince/The Cape is conflicted about what to do. Meanwhile, Dana and Trip must endure scrutiny and taunts while trying to deal with their loss.
411	The Cape	Dice	Action	7.4	Peter Fleming -- aka Chess -- and the ARK Corporation prepare to unveil a special device that may alter the fate of Palm City. Tracey Jerrod -- aka Dice, -- a young savant and inspiration for the device, emerges and targets Chess to avenge her father's death. Realizing he must keep his enemy alive in order to fully destroy him, Vince -- aka The Cape -- suddenly finds himself defending his archnemesis. With the help of Rollo, Ruvi, Raia and Max, Vince attempts to master new skills and also tries to accept how his choices will affect his wife, Dana and son, Trip.
411	The Cape	Goggles and Hicks	Action	7.4	Badly bruised and exhausted, The Cape heeds advice from Max to take some time off to recover. Determined to finally kill The Cape, Peter Fleming hires a tech-savvy team, including Goggles and Hicks, to track and destroy The Cape. Meanwhile, Orwell faces digital challenges against the teams' strong expertise and Dana becomes more involved in uncovering the truth about Vince's case.
411	The Cape	The Lich (1)	Action	7.4	Orphaned since birth, Conrad Chandler, the heir of one of Palm City's founders, exacts revenge on the public and threatens to paralyze and control the city. The Cape and Max alert Marty of the impending danger to the city, which backfires on The Cape. Meanwhile, the Secretary of Prisons, Patrick Portman, aids Orwell in her search for the lone heir. Orwell locates Conrad through Netta, his mysterious caretaker, but soon discovers his deeply disturbing past and finds herself in danger. Elsewhere, Dana becomes increasingly uncomfortable with her new social life.
411	The Cape	The Lich (2)	Action	7.4	The Cape, Max and Rollo are forced to rely on Dana's legal connections to help them discover The Lich's whereabouts. Heavily entranced by Conrad Chandler's potent serum, Orwell struggles to fight off the physiological and mental effects of the strong dose. Meanwhile, Netta's strange loyalty to The Lich is clarified. In a sedated, weak state, Orwell drifts between reality and fantasy sequences, which slowly reveal her history and past.
411	The Cape	Razer	Action	7.4	Concerned about the protection of his gang's city territory, Scales makes a controversial pact with Fleming and plans to bring a dangerous villain, Razer, to the city. Vince intercepts Razer's arrival, disguises himself as the villain and infiltrates the inner circle of Scales and his gang. Meanwhile, Fleming battles internally with his alter ego, Chess, and Orwell remains in a dreary state, hinting at a uncertain future.
417	MasterChef Junior	MasterChef Junior	Children	none	Masterchef Junior goes back for seconds...and thirds! This culinary competition series gives talented kids between the ages of eight and 13 the chance to showcase their culinary abilities and passion for food through a series of delicious challenges.Host and award-winning chef Gordon Ramsay is joined by restaurateur and winemaker Joe Bastianich and acclaimed chef Graham Elliot on the judging panel. Together, the celebrated food experts will coach and encourage the promising hopefuls to cook like a pro and teach them the tricks of the trade along the way.After a nationwide search, 16 of the best junior home cooks in the country will compete in the kitchen where they will face exciting challenges, including a surprise mystery box, a three-legged race and the fan-favorite restaurant takeover, until one talented kid is named America's newest Masterchef Junior.
423	Life's Too Short	Life's Too Short	Comedy	7.5	Observational comedy starring Warwick Davis and written by Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant.
425	The Passing Bells	The Passing Bells	Drama	10.0	Original British Drama telling the stories of two young men whose lives are transformed when they enlist to fight in World War One.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Drama	9.2	"Into every generation, there is a chosen one. She alone will stand against the vampires, the demons, and the forces of darkness. She is the slayer."Created by Joss Whedon the show aired from 1997 to 2003. Buffy Summers has to deal with vampires, demons, love, growing up and teenage angst in this iconic cult series. She and her "Scooby Gang" fight the good fight in a small town called Sunnydale.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Welcome to the Hellmouth (1)	Drama	9.2	Buffy Summers, a high school sophomore, faces her destiny as a slayer of the undead.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	The Harvest (2)	Drama	9.2	Buffy and her friends encounter a powerful vampire bent on opening a portal to a dimension inhabited by demons.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Witch	Drama	9.2	A witch attempts to eliminate Buffy from a cheerleading competition.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Teacher's Pet	Drama	9.2	Buffy's biology teacher is killed by a giant praying mantis that assumes the form of a beautiful substitute teacher.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Never Kill a Boy on the First Date	Drama	9.2	While Buffy awaits the arrival of a warrior vampire, she dates a boy who is attracted to her exciting lifestyle.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	The Pack	Drama	9.2	Xander and several other students are possessed by the spirit of a demonic breed of hyenas that wreak havoc at the high school.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Angel	Drama	9.2	Buffy discovers Angel's horrifying secret.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	I, Robot... You, Jane	Drama	9.2	Willow unwittingly unleashes a powerful demon that takes refuge on the Internet.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	The Puppet Show	Drama	9.2	Buffy suspects that a ventriloquist's dummy may be harvesting organs from classmates performing in a talent show.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Nightmares	Drama	9.2	Buffy and her friends discover that their worst nightmares have become reality.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Out of Mind, Out of Sight	Drama	9.2	As the queen election approaches, an invisible force attacks Cordelia's closest friends.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Prophecy Girl	Drama	9.2	Giles discovers an ancient book foretelling Buffy's death at the hands of the Master.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	When She Was Bad	Drama	9.2	Buffy returns from summer vacation sporting an attitude and suffers from recurring nightmares involving the Master. Meanwhile, the Anointed One and his followers plot their revenge.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Some Assembly Required	Drama	9.2	Two science club nerds use body parts to create the "perfect girlfriend" for a teenager who has been brought back from the dead.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	School Hard	Drama	9.2	Buffy's mother and friends becomes trapped inside Sunnydale High School when a vampire named Spike launches an attack against the Slayer.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Inca Mummy Girl	Drama	9.2	A beautiful Inca princess who was buried alive in a tomb 500 years ago is brought back to life.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Reptile Boy	Drama	9.2	Buffy and Cordelia attend a frat party where they are offered as human sacrifices to a reptile-like creature.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Halloween	Drama	9.2	On Halloween, Buffy and her friends patronize an unusual costume shop where customers turn into whatever costume they are wearing.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Lie to Me	Drama	9.2	Buffy is lured into a trap by a group of undead wannabes who hope that Spike will make them vampires in exchange for giving him the Slayer.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	The Dark Age	Drama	9.2	Giles's past comes back to haunt him as a demon he and Ethan Rayne summoned in their wild youth seeks them out in Sunnydale.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	What's My Line? (1)	Drama	9.2	Spike brings in three professional bounty hunters to eliminate Buffy while she ponders on what her profession might be if her fate wasn't already sealed.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	What's My Line? (2)	Drama	9.2	Buffy joins forces with another Slayer in hopes of saving Angel from the clutches of Spike and Drusilla.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Ted	Drama	9.2	Buffy's mother brings home Ted, her new boyfriend, who is not what he seems.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Bad Eggs	Drama	9.2	Buffy and her friends encounter even more trouble than expected when the eggs they are given in health class turn out to be prehistoric parasites that take over their lives.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Surprise (1)	Drama	9.2	To give Buffy a surprise on her 17th birthday, Drusilla and Spike bring together the body parts of a dismembered demon who cannot be killed.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Innocence (2)	Drama	9.2	Buffy and her friends battle the judge and face unexpected danger from Angel, who has lost his soul after experiencing a moment of true happiness.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Phases	Drama	9.2	Buffy and her friends discover secrets about themselves as they battle a werewolf, its hunter, and their own emotions.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered	Drama	9.2	As Valentine's Day approaches, Xander tries to improve his love life through witchcraft and finds himself with too much of a good thing.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Passion	Drama	9.2	Angel steps up his torment of Buffy and her friends as Jenny searches for a way to restore his soul.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Killed by Death	Drama	9.2	While hospitalized with a severe case of the flu, Buffy battles a demon that sucks the life out of sick children.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	I Only Have Eyes For You	Drama	9.2	Sunnydale High School is haunted by the ghosts of a former student and teacher who reenact their tragic romance through the bodies of the school's current inhabitants.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Go Fish	Drama	9.2	When several members of the Sunnydale High swim team are mysteriously skinned alive, Buffy and the gang take it upon themselves to protect the remaining members, which results in Xander revealing a side of himself rarely seen.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Becoming (1)	Drama	9.2	Angel plots to revive an ancient demon bent of sweeping everything on earth into hell itself.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Becoming (2)	Drama	9.2	Spike strikes an unlikely alliance with Buffy to keep Angel from destroying the world.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Anne	Drama	9.2	Buffy -- living on her own in a big city -- assists a girl whose boyfriend has mysteriously vanished. Back in Sunnydale, Buffy's friends do their best to battle the forces of evil.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Dead Man's Party	Drama	9.2	A Nigerian mask reanimates the dead, forcing Buffy to battle a horde of zombies.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Faith, Hope & Trick	Drama	9.2	A charismatic Slayer visits Sunnydale and wins over many of Buffy's friends. Meanwhile, two powerful vampires plot an attack.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Beauty and the Beasts	Drama	9.2	Oz becomes the prime suspect when a series of animal-like attacks occurs in Sunnydale.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Homecoming	Drama	9.2	As Buffy and Cordelia vie for Homecoming Queen, a group of killers gathers to participate in SlayerFest '98.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Band Candy	Drama	9.2	Adults throughout Sunnydale behave like immature teenagers after they eat cursed candy.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Revelations	Drama	9.2	With some help from Faith's new watcher, Buffy seeks to destroy a weapon-like glove before it falls into the hands of a demon.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Lovers Walk	Drama	9.2	Spike returns to Sunnydale and kidnaps Willow in hopes of creating a magic spell that will make Drusilla love him again.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	The Wish	Drama	9.2	Cordelia's wish for a Buffy-free Sunnydale comes true, plunging her into a world where vampires have control of the town.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Amends	Drama	9.2	As the Christmas holiday approaches, Angel is tormented by evil apparitions who want him to eliminate Buffy.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Gingerbread	Drama	9.2	After discovering the corpses of two young children bearing a symbol linked to the occult, Joyce spearheads a campaign to rid Sunnydale of witches.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Helpless	Drama	9.2	As her birthday approaches, Buffy loses her slayer powers and must do battle with a vampire who is not only extremely powerful but also quite mad.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	The Zeppo	Drama	9.2	Xander experiences an adventure of his own when he encounters a group of reanimated corpses out to construct a bomb. Meanwhile, Buffy and her friends battle the forces of evil when the Hellmouth reopens.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Bad Girls	Drama	9.2	Faith convinces Buffy to live on the wild side, with fatal consequences.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Consequences	Drama	9.2	A homicide detective closes in on Buffy and Faith as he investigates the deputy mayor's death.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Doppelgangland	Drama	9.2	While casting a magic spell, Anya and Willow accidentally summon Willow's evil double from an alternate universe.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Enemies	Drama	9.2	Faith uses a shaman's powers to take away Angel's soul.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Earshot	Drama	9.2	Buffy fears she will descend into madness after she acquires the ability to read minds.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Choices	Drama	9.2	The Mayor takes Willow prisoner after Buffy and her friends steal away a box containing demonic energy needed for Ascension Day.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	The Prom	Drama	9.2	After Angel breaks off their relationship, Buffy single-handedly battles three fearsome hell hounds so that her classmates can enjoy their senior prom.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Graduation Day (1)	Drama	9.2	In an effort to distract Buffy from the Ascension, the mayor instructs Faith to poison Angel.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Graduation Day (2)	Drama	9.2	On Ascension Day, Buffy and her friends prepare for the ultimate battle as they face off against the mayor and a hoard of vampires.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	The Freshman	Drama	9.2	As Buffy adjusts to college life, she notices that classmates are mysteriously disappearing.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Living Conditions	Drama	9.2	Buffy finds herself at odds with her new roommate and is troubled by a series of disturbing dreams involving a soul-sucking demon.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	The Harsh Light of Day	Drama	9.2	As Buffy gets to know a charming student named Parker, Spike searches for a ring that, according to legend, makes the wearer invincible.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Fear, Itself	Drama	9.2	On Halloween, Buffy and her friends find themselves trapped inside a haunted frat house complete with real bats, zombies, and a terrifying demon.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Beer Bad	Drama	9.2	Xander finds employment as a bartender at a pub where some of Buffy's friends turn into terrifying Cro-Magnon creatures.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Wild At Heart	Drama	9.2	Oz finds himself unable to control his attraction to Veruca, a sexy singer who just happens to be a werewolf.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	The Initiative	Drama	9.2	Spike finds himself targeted by a group of commandos after he escapes from a military lab underneath the Sunnydale campus.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Pangs	Drama	9.2	On Thanksgiving, Buffy encounters the spirit of a Native American warrior whose people were wiped out by settlers. Meanwhile Angel silently returns to Sunnydale after Doyle's vision of Buffy in danger.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Something Blue	Drama	9.2	One of Willow's spells causes her statements to become reality, with consequences both entertaining and life-threatening.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Hush	Drama	9.2	A group of murderous creatures called 'The Gentlemen' straight out of a fairytale steal the voices of Sunnydale.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Doomed	Drama	9.2	As Riley comes to terms with Buffy's revelation, a trio of demons attempts to reopen the Hellmouth.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	A New Man	Drama	9.2	Ethan Rayne returns to town and transforms Giles into a demon. Spike is the only one who can help.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	The I In Team	Drama	9.2	Buffy joins the Initiative, but her self-reliant and curious attitude doesn't mesh well with the military's chain of command.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Goodbye Iowa	Drama	9.2	Tension erupts between Buffy and an ailing Riley as they pursue Professor Maggie Walsh's killer.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	This Year's Girl (1)	Drama	9.2	Faith awakens from her coma and seeks revenge against Buffy.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Who Are You? (2)	Drama	9.2	Having switched bodies with Buffy, Faith enjoys freedom. Meanwhile, Buffy finds herself at the mercy of the Watcher's Council.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Superstar	Drama	9.2	Buffy senses that something is amiss when Jonathan becomes a hero to everyone in Sunnydale.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Where the Wild Things Are	Drama	9.2	Buffy and Riley's passionate lovemaking energizes supernatural elements inside a frat house.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	New Moon Rising	Drama	9.2	Oz's return to Sunnydale leads to his incarceration by the Initiative and complicates the relationship between Willow and Tara.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	The Yoko Factor (1)	Drama	9.2	After joining forces with Adam, Spike drives a wedge between Buffy and her friends. Meanwhile, Angel's return to Sunnydale leads to a violent confrontation with Riley.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Primeval (2)	Drama	9.2	Having gained control of Riley's mind, Adam sets in motion his plot to create an army of unstoppable soldiers and destroy the Initiative.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Restless	Drama	9.2	Buffy, Willow, Xander, and Giles experience dreams in which they are pursued by a mysterious figure.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Buffy vs. Dracula	Drama	9.2	Buffy finds herself pitted against the legendary Prince of Darkness, Count Dracula.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Real Me	Drama	9.2	As Harmony and her vampire gang plot Buffy's demise, Dawn adjusts to life with a Slayer.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	The Replacement	Drama	9.2	When a demon creates a Xander double, the real Xander must convince his friends of his true identity.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Out of My Mind	Drama	9.2	While Riley's health begins to deteriorate, Spike and Harmony force a surgeon to remove the behavior modification chip embedded in Spike's brain.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	No Place Like Home	Drama	9.2	Buffy learns more about Dawn after she discovers a mysterious orb linked to a group of monks being pursued by an incredibly powerful force.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Family	Drama	9.2	When relatives arrive in Sunnydale, to celebrate her birthday, Tara uses a magic spell on her friends to keep them from learning her "secret." Meanwhile, Glory unleashes a hoard of demons to hunt down Buffy.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Fool for Love	Drama	9.2	After being bested in a fight by an ordinary vampire, Buffy asks Spike to explain how he killed two Slayers many years earlier.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Shadow	Drama	9.2	Glory transforms a snake into a terrifying monster in her quest to find the Key; Joyce is hospitalized after being diagnosed with an illness.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Listening to Fear	Drama	9.2	Buffy and her friends investigate when a meteorite transports a deadly creature to earth.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Into the Woods	Drama	9.2	After Buffy catches Riley in the clutches of a vampire-junkie, Riley makes an important decision regarding their relationship.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Triangle	Drama	9.2	While Giles is in England meeting with the Watcher Council, a bickering Anya and Willow mind the magic store and inadvertently conjure up a fearsome troll.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Checkpoint	Drama	9.2	The Watcher Council travels to Sunnydale to review Buffy's skills as a Slayer; meanwhile, Glory puts her search for the Key into high gear.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Blood Ties	Drama	9.2	When Dawn learns her true identity, she runs away - only to encounter Glory.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Crush	Drama	9.2	Buffy learns that Spike has a crush on her - a situation made all the more dangerous by Drusilla's return to Sunnydale.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	I Was Made to Love You	Drama	9.2	Buffy and her friends encounter an incredibly strong female robot with only one thing on its mind - love.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	The Body	Drama	9.2	Buffy, Dawn, and their friends deal with the aftermath of Joyce's death.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Forever	Drama	9.2	With some help from Spike, Dawn attempts to bring Joyce back from the dead.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Intervention	Drama	9.2	A weary Buffy seeks to regain her focus by embarking on a quest with the Primitive; Spike cavorts with his very own "Buffybot"; and Glory instructs her minions to spy on Buffy's friends in the hopes of ascertaining the Key's true identity.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Tough Love	Drama	9.2	When Tara falls victim to Glory's incredible power, Willow embraces dark magic and launches a counterattack.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Spiral	Drama	9.2	Buffy and her friends flee Sunnydale when Glory closes in on Dawn.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	The Weight of the World	Drama	9.2	When Buffy lapses into a catatonic state, Willow uses magic to find out why; a tug-of-war erupts between Glory and Ben over Dawn's ultimate fate.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	The Gift	Drama	9.2	As Glory prepares Dawn for a bloodletting ritual that will open a portal to another dimension, Buffy and her friends prepare for battle.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Bargaining	Drama	9.2	Buffy is dead, and the Scooby Gang must do the best they can without her. But concern about the way she died leads Willow to believe that she may have been pulled into a hell dimension. Unable to bear the thought of their friend enduring eternal torment, Willow, Xander, Anya, and Tara decide to perform a resurrection spell that will bring Buffy back from the dead.As a gang demon bikers attack, the Scooby Gang is chased away from Buffy's grave thinking that the resurrection was a failure. They do not realize that the Slayer is alive... right where they left her. Buffy is awake but disoriented and afraid as she must claw her way out of her own grave. Buffy may be alive again, but the trauma she suffers is far from over.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	After Life	Drama	9.2	As Buffy and the Scoobies adjust to her resurrection, they find themselves dealing with a mysterious spirit-demon brought back with her.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Flooded	Drama	9.2	Buffy's life is further complicated by mounting financial problems, a flooded basement, and a warrior demon out for her blood.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Life Serial	Drama	9.2	The Geek Trio begin their plans by testing Buffy's abilities and subsequently ruining her attempts at employment.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	All The Way	Drama	9.2	Dawn lies to Buffy and goes out with a boy on Halloween, but when the boy turns out to be a vampire ignoring the Halloween-no-killing rule, Buffy and the guys must save her...again.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Once More, With Feeling	Drama	9.2	Sunnydale is alive with the sound of music as a mysterious force causes everyone in town to burst into full musical numbers, revealing their innermost secrets as they do. But some townsfolk are dancing so much that they simply burst into flames, and it becomes clear that maybe living in a musical isn't so great after all.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Tabula Rasa	Drama	9.2	Willow tries to solve too many problems with magic, accidentally making herself and the others forget who they are just as a demon loan shark and his boys come looking to collect a debt from Spike.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Smashed	Drama	9.2	Both Buffy and Willow are following their own paths to demon behavior: the Slayer finds a new way to slay a vampire, the Witch finds that omnipotence is cool. Rat-witch Amy is finally restored.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Wrecked	Drama	9.2	When they return home from their nights out, Buffy is ashamed of having slept with Spike and Willow is exhausted from casting spells all night. Amy takes Willow to a sorcerer named Rack whose particular brand of magic quickly has Willow hooked. Later, Willow and Dawn decide to go out for a movie, but Willow's recklessness with magic puts Dawn's life in danger.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Gone	Drama	9.2	The Three Geeks mistakenly turn Buffy invisible. The Slayer takes some advantage from going unseen. Willow has to do the detective without using magic, while Xander finds Spike doing some weird physical training.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Doublemeat Palace	Drama	9.2	When Buffy gets a job at the Doublemeat Palace, a local fast-food restaurant, she begins to believe that disappearing co-workers and the secret ingredient to the restaurant's hamburger may be connected.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Dead Things	Drama	9.2	After Jonathan, Andrew, and Warren accidentally kill Warren's ex-girlfriend Katrina, they set Buffy up to make her believe it was she who killed the girl.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Older and Far Away	Drama	9.2	After Dawn talks to a guidance counselor about her feeling lonely, she accidentally puts a spell on Buffy and her friends, trapping them inside the Summer's house with a sword-wielding demon.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	As You Were	Drama	9.2	Buffy's ex-boyfriend, Riley Finn, returns to Sunnydale with his new wife Sam to track down a nest of demons which threaten the future of the town.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Hell's Bells	Drama	9.2	It's the day of Xander and Anya's wedding. Emotions are running high with Xander's disfunctional family clashing with Anya's demon friends. The ceremony is disrupted when an old man claiming to be the future Xander shows up.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Normal Again	Drama	9.2	After Buffy is stung by a demon, she begins to have vivid day-dreams about a mental asylum. She gradually begins to believe that she is a crazy girl back in L.A and that Sunnydale and all her friends are just a figment of her imagination.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Entropy	Drama	9.2	Anya returns to Sunnydale, bent on revenge for Xander leaving her at the altar. She has since become a Vengence demon again, but ends up hurting Xander in a way she never expected.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Seeing Red	Drama	9.2	Willow and Tara wallow in their togetherness, but things aren't as happy everywhere else. Buffy has to face both Xander and Spike, whilst tracking Warren and Company to foil their next move.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Villains	Drama	9.2	Enraged after Tara's death at the hands of Warren, Willow turns to the Black Magics to exact her revenge.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Two to Go (1)	Drama	9.2	After killing Warren, Dark Willow tries to track-down Andrew and Jonathan. Meanwhile, in Africa, Spike battles against a numerous amount of foes to try to get his chip removed.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Grave (2)	Drama	9.2	The Scoobies continue to try and stop Dark Willow, who is now intent on destroying the world. After Dark Willow neutralizes Buffy, though, Xander is the only one left who can save the day. Meanwhile, in Africa, Spike completes the demon trials and gets his reward.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Lessons	Drama	9.2	Sunnydale High is re-opened, with a new designed campus and a new principal, Robin Wood. It is Dawn's first day at school there and Buffy accompanies her to class, only to discover evil spirits lurking in the basement.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Beneath You	Drama	9.2	A giant worm-like creature begins stalking a young girl. As the gang begin to investigate, they realise it's appearance in Sunnydale may be linked to Anya.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Same Time, Same Place	Drama	9.2	Though they seem to be in the same places at the same time, Buffy, Xander and Dawn are unable to find Willow when she returns from England. Shortly after returning to Sunnydale, people start turning up skinned alive. As Buffy and Xander worry that this could be Willow's work, Willow sets out to find the creature that did it.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Help	Drama	9.2	Buffy begins a new job as school counsellor at Sunnydale High. On her first day she encounters a troubled young girl who is convinced she is about to die.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Selfless	Drama	9.2	Anya grants a young woman's wish, and the violent and deadly act of vengeance leaves everyone stunned. Buffy must put aside her feelings for her friend and take action before more people die. Meanwhile, flashbacks depict how Anya became a vengeance demon, and Willow returns to college.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Him	Drama	9.2	Dawn's simple crush on Sunnydale High's star quarterback RJ starts to become obsessive, leading Buffy to investigate the boy herself. When Buffy, along with all the other women who see RJ, also fall in love with him, Spike and Xander must team up to discover the source of this attraction. But first they have to keep the women from doing anything crazy in their competition for RJ's affection.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Conversations with Dead People	Drama	9.2	Buffy has a conversation with a vampire who once went to Sunnydale High, and learns something interesting about Spike. Joyce materialises to Dawn in the living room. The ghost of Cassie brings a message to Willow from beyond the grave. Meanwhile, Andrew and Jonathan have returned to Sunnydale on a mission to save the town
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Sleeper	Drama	9.2	The Scooby Gang fear Spike may have turned evil again when people begin mysteriously disappearing around town.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Never Leave Me	Drama	9.2	Spike is held captive in the Summers home while the Scoobies ponder their options in the aftermath of his murder spree. Willow finds Andrew buying blood and decides to take him prisoner also. While they try to decide what to do next, the gang are interrupted by the mysterious hooded figures called "Harbingers"... the minions of the First Evil.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Bring On The Night	Drama	9.2	Giles returns to Sunnydale with three potential slayers, whom Buffy must protect from The First. Meanwhile, a ferocious Uber-vampire is released from the Hellmouth and Buffy must kill it before it kills one of the potentials.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Showtime	Drama	9.2	Buffy teaches the Potential Slayers a valuable lesson as she faces a final fight with the Uber-vampire. Meanwhile, Giles and Anya enter another dimension to find a demon which holds the answer the defeating The First. What they find out is very disturbing.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Potential	Drama	9.2	Buffy takes the Potentials to a demon bar and then to Spike's crypt, in order to teach them the art of slaying. When Willow casts a spell to seek out the next Potential, the spell leads them to believe that Dawn may be a future slayer.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	The Killer In Me	Drama	9.2	After Willow and Kennedy share their first kiss, Willow is transformed into Warren, the man she killed last year. When she sets out to find help, she bumps into an old friend. Meanwhile, Buffy searches for answers when Spike's chip causes him great pain, and the gang suspect that Giles may really be The First.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	First Date	Drama	9.2	Buffy accepts an invitation to dinner from Principal Wood, and the secrets of his past are revealed. Xander impresses a beautiful girl with his knowledge of knots, and she seems to be interested in tying him up. Meanwhile the First contacts Andrew in another attempt to destroy the Potentials, and Giles finds himself tongue-tied with the new Potential, Chao-Ahn.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Get It Done	Drama	9.2	The Scoobies use a spell to transport Buffy into a shadow world, where she meets the men who created the first slayer. However, in order for her to return home, the gang must find and slay a ferocious demon.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Storyteller	Drama	9.2	Andrew creates a documentary called "Buffy, Slayer of the Vampyres", a record of the current situation in Sunnydale to show to future generations. He manages to capture many important moments, and to annoy almost everyone in the house. But Buffy needs to tear him away from his filmmaking because the Seal of Danzalthar is active and Andrew may hold the key to closing it before it destroys the town.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Lies My Parents Told Me	Drama	9.2	Robin Wood seeks revenge on Spike for killing his mother nearly 30 years ago, whilst everyone else tries to find out how The First has control over him.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Dirty Girls	Drama	9.2	Faith returns to Sunnydale just as a new villain, Caleb, arrives and sends Buffy a message in the form of a badly beaten Potential. Buffy leads the rest of the girls to Caleb and The First's lair, with devastating consequences.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Empty Places	Drama	9.2	After their horrifying loss at the vineyard, the gang turn against Buffy and begin to follow Faith instead. Meanwhile, Spike and Andrew travel to an old church to question a priest about Caleb.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Touched	Drama	9.2	Faith and the Potentials search underground for a weapon, whilst Buffy confronts Caleb at the vineyard.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	End of Days	Drama	9.2	Buffy has a powerful new weapon, but the gang cannot find any information about the origins of the mysterious scythe. Eventually the Slayer goes herself in search of knowledge, and finds a new ally, an old friend, and great danger.
427	Buffy the Vampire Slayer	Chosen	Drama	9.2	After killing Caleb, Buffy conceives a plan to defeat the First once and for all. Willow invokes a magic spell that alters the ancient Slayer spell and gives Buffy the allies she needs to fight the Uber-Vamp army. An epic battle ensues and several good friends are lost. At the end, Buffy faces a completely new problem - one she's glad to have.
428	Angel	Angel	Action	8.9	"If you need help, then look no further. Angel Investigations is the best. Our rates are low but our standards are high. When the chips are down, and you're at the end of your rope you need someone that you can count on. And that's what you'll find here, someone that will go all the way, no matter what. So don't lose hope. Come on over to our offices and you'll see that there's still heroes in this world."Angel was the spin-off series of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". It aired from 1999 to 2004. Angel runs a private invetigation bureau and fights demons, Wolfram & Hart and all other existing evil in Los Angeles. There were several crossovers and many guest appearances from "Buffy The Vampire Slayer" during its five season run.
428	Angel	City Of	Action	8.9	After Angel has left Sunnydale he comes to LA. He finds out that LA is not only about stars and money. When he meets Doyle and Cordelia they decide to start a service to "protect the helpless".
428	Angel	Lonely Hearts	Action	8.9	Angel, with the aid of new ally Detective Kate Lockley, tracks a serial killer whose hunting ground is LA's single bars.
428	Angel	In the Dark	Action	8.9	Oz comes to LA with a gift from Buffy. She has sent Angel the the Ring of Amara, which makes any vampire wearing it "unkill-able." Unfortunatly for Angel, Spike has also arrived in town and he's determined to get the ring for himself. Angel soon finds himself in deep trouble and it's up to Doyle, Oz and Cordy to save him.
428	Angel	I Fall to Pieces	Action	8.9	The gang at Angel Inc. helps a stalking victim. A creepy doctor is obsessed with a former patient, somehow, he knows everything that she does. Angel begins to suspect that something supernatural is going on and investigates the doctor's past. Soon Angel, Doyle and Cordy are all in danger as they realize that the doctor is more than he seems.
428	Angel	Rm w/a Vu	Action	8.9	Fed up with her horrible apartment, Cordy packs her bags and moves in with Angel. He's soon overwhelmed by her bossy, destructive presence and tells Doyle to find her an new place to live. Doyle's being chased by loan sharks, so he has problems of his own. Still, he locates the perfect place for Cordy and she happily signs the lease. But, there's still a slight problem... Cordelia's new apartment is haunted. And her ghostly roommate wants Cordy gone.
428	Angel	Sense & Sensitivity	Action	8.9	Kate lands in some hot water after she roughs up a prisoner named Little Tony. She and the entire police department are forced to go to sensitivity training. Unfortunatly, Little Tony's lawyers are Wolfram and Hart. They have a plan to set their client free by casting a spell on the whole police force. Soon, all the officers are expressing their true feelings and being so sensitive that lives are in danger. The gang at Angel Inc. tries to stop the chaos, but Angel quickly winds up in trouble of his own.
428	Angel	Bachelor Party	Action	8.9	After saving Cordy from a vampire attack, Doyle is optimistic about his chances with her. When his estranged wife shows up at the Angel Inc. offices, though, Doyle suddenly has some explaining to do. It seems that Harry, his wife, has met someone new and she wants to finalize her divorce from Doyle. Doyle's suspicious of Harry's new fiancée. He and Angel investigate the guy and are surprised by what they find.
428	Angel	I Will Remember You	Action	8.9	After Angel's secretive visit to Sunnydale, Buffy appears in Los Angeles to find out why he came to protect her. During her visit, she and Angel are both attacked by a strange demon and Angel, after being infected with the demon's blood, becomes human once again. He and Buffy spend a blissful day together, but when the demon becomes more and more persistent in its attacks, Angel comes to realize that he must sacrifice his humanity in order to protect the citizens of Los Angeles.
428	Angel	Hero	Action	8.9	The gang at Angel Inc. works to save a group of demon refugees and soon find themselves in the middle of a war. An evil band of demons, called the Scourge, is in LA. They're determined to wipe out all the "impure" demons and humans that they can find. When the Scourge unleashes a deadly weapon Angel, Cordy and Doyle are faced with an impossible decision and the ramifications from it will change the them forever.
428	Angel	Parting Gifts	Action	8.9	Wesley arrives in town as a "rogue demon hunter" and he's soon working with Angel on his newest case. Meanwhile, Cordy has inherited Doyle's link to the Powers That Be and she is being plagued with visions. A empath demon comes to Angel Inc. looking for help and Angel promises to investigate, but it quickly becomes clear that something strange is going on. Angel and Wes have to save Cordy before it's too late.
428	Angel	Somnambulist	Action	8.9	After learning about a new serial killer's M.O., Wesley believes that Angelus has returned.
428	Angel	Expecting	Action	8.9	Cordelia has a date, wakes up at home and is very pregnant. She has been impregnated by a demon.
428	Angel	She	Action	8.9	After Cordy gets a vision from the Powers That Be, Angel finds himself fighting demons from an alternate dimension. Desperate to escape their own cruel world, where the females are used as virtual slaves, demon women are smuggling themselves to earth. Unfortunatly, the men from that dimension are out to stop them and it's up to the gang at Angel Inc. to help the refugees find safety.
428	Angel	I've Got You Under My Skin	Action	8.9	One of Cordy's visions sends Angel and Wes out to help a family in trouble. An dangerous Ethros demon is possessing someone in the household. Ethros demons force their victims to commit horrible acts and the gang at Angel Inc. has to perform an exorcism. Things quickly go wrong, though, and soon everyone is in even bigger danger. Meanwhile, Wes deals with memories of his own traumatic childhood and Angel continues to miss Doyle.
428	Angel	The Prodigal	Action	8.9	Kate's father, Trevor Lockley, gets involved in a demon drug smuggling operation and he's soon in over his head. When a demon high on drugs attacks the subway, Angel begins investigating and quickly discovers Trevor's shady dealings. He tries to warn Trevor, but it's too late. When Trevor is attacked, Kate blames Angel for not doing more. Meanwhile, through flash backs, Angel's own father is introduced, Angel's past as a human is shown and Angelus is born.
428	Angel	The Ring	Action	8.9	When an investigation goes wrong, Angel finds himself kidnapped by a demon fight club. He's trapped there, forced to fight other demons as part of a gladiator show. Cordy and Wes search for him, desperate to rescue Angel before it's too late. Meanwhile, Angel meets another Wolfram and Hart lawyer, Lilah Morgan. She promises to get Angel out of the club if he agrees to come over to Wolfram and Hart's side.
428	Angel	Eternity	Action	8.9	When Rebecca, a Hollywood star, is stalked by an obsessed fan, Angel steps in to protect her. Cordy is thrilled to meet a famous actress and even Angel likes Rebecca. She accepts that he's a vampire and really seems interested in getting to know him better. But, it soon becomes clear that the case is more complicated than it seems and Rebecca has a dangerous plan of her own.
428	Angel	Five by Five	Action	8.9	This episode brings Faith to LA. She's still struggling with her darkness and fleeing her life in Sunnydale. After Angel ruins another Wolfram and Hart case, they set out to get rid of him once and for all. And who better to do the job than Faith, a rouge Vampire Slayer? They hire her to kill Angel, unaware that Angel identifies with Faith's pain. Meanwhile, Faith is driven by self-hatred and is careening out of control as she goes after Angel and his friends.
428	Angel	Sanctuary	Action	8.9	The second half of Faith's appearance in LA has her bonding with Angel. She's utterly drained and has no more fight left in her. Angel takes her in and become her redemption "sponser." He promises to help her find a way to forgive herself and start over. But, there are still a lot of problems to overcome. Wes and Cordy aren't too happy that Angel's forgiven Faith. The Watcher's Council goons are still after Faith. Lila, Lindsey and Lee are hiring another assassin. Kate wants to arrest Angel. And, oh yeah, Buffy's on her way to LA looking for payback on Faith.
428	Angel	War Zone	Action	8.9	A case sends Angel into a rough part of town. While he's there he meets up with a young group of vampire hunters, headed by a guy name Gunn. Angel is concerned that the kids are in over their heads as they battle vamps. He tries to help them, but they aren't willing to believe that he's one of the White Hats. Gunn and his friends are soon in big trouble and it's up to the gang from Angel Inc. to lend a hand before it's too late.
428	Angel	Blind Date	Action	8.9	When Wolfram and Hart plots to kill three mystical children, Lindsey begins to question his loyalties. He's willing to be evil, but he's not willing to murder kids. He goes to Angel for help. Along with Gunn, they devise a plan to break into Wolfram and Hart and steal the discs they'll need to save the children. While Angel is in Wolfram and Hart's vault, though, he finds a mysterious scroll that holds some interesting information about his destiny. Meanwhile, Lindsey had to choose a side once and for all.
428	Angel	To Shanshu in L.A.	Action	8.9	In the season one finale, Angel Inc. is facing its biggest challenges ever. A demon attacks Cordy and Wes, leaving Angel worried and desperate to protect them. Plus, Angel's home is targeted, Kate's threatening to arrest him, and the Shanshu Prophesy might have some bad news about his future. To make matters worse, Wolfram and Hart is conducting a mystical ritual to "raise" something that might destroy Angel once and for all. He'll have to work hard if he's going to save Cordy and stop Wolfram and Hart's newest plot.
428	Angel	Judgment	Action	8.9	Misinterpreting one of Cordy's visions, Angel tries to help a pregnant woman and accidentally kills her demon protector. Now, Angel must fulfill the dead warrior's mission and fight a battle to save the woman's unborn baby. When the woman runs off though, Angel is forced to make an incredible sacrifice to find her again... He has to sing at a karaoke bar.
428	Angel	Are You Now or Have You Ever Been	Action	8.9	After running across it, Angel is vaguely familiar with an abandoned building, the Hyperion hotel. At his request, Wesley and Cordelia discover that Angel used to be a tenant in the hotel in the 1950s. At that time, Angel was pulled into a sticky situation with a woman hiding her past which lead to an unfortunate end. In the present day, Angel and the team attempt to rid the hotel of its demons.
428	Angel	First Impressions	Action	8.9	Darla is back from the dead and determined to drive Angel crazy. She's invading his dreams and disrupting his sleep, knocking him off his game. Meanwhile, Cordy gets a vision that Gunn may be in danger and goes off to help him. Gunn is annoyed with her interference. When they're confronted with vampires and a demon, though, Cordy and Gunn need to work together.
428	Angel	Untouched	Action	8.9	After Cordelia receives a vision, Angel befriends a young girl from out of town at the risk of his safety. Bethany, running to L.A. to escape a tragic family life, has telekinetic abilities out of her control which she desperately wants to shed. Unfortunately, Lilah and Wolfram & Hart have insidious plans for Bethany's powers. As Angel works to help her reign in her powers, he receives nocturnal visits from the newly resurrected Darla which affect his abilities.
428	Angel	Dear Boy	Action	8.9	After spotting Darla walking around LA, Angel becomes convinced that his sire is alive. Wes and Cordy think that he's imagining things, but Angel is determined to find Darla and discover what she's up to. Little does he know that Darla is working with Wolfram and Hart. Angel tracks her down, and quickly falls into their trap.
428	Angel	Guise Will Be Guise	Action	8.9	Realizing his obsessions have climaxed, Angel embarks on a journey of enlightenment with the help of a swami. Cordelia is threatened by an assailant looking for Angel until Wesley steps in and assumes his boss' role. Wesley, as Angel, is tasked to protect a prominent businessman's daughter whose life is threatened. Everyone is shocked when Wesley makes a very personal connection to the client.
428	Angel	Darla	Action	8.9	Angel continues to search for Darla. A series of flashbacks shows Darla life and unlife; from her first death in 1609, to her relationship with Angelus, to their breakup during the Boxer Rebellion. Her newly restored humanity weighing on her, Darla finally reaches an important decision that horrifies Angel.
428	Angel	The Shroud of Rahmon	Action	8.9	When Gunn's cousin becomes involved in a plan to rob a museum, it's up to the gang at Angel Inc. to help him get out of it. The robbers are after the Shroud of Rahmon. Going undercover with the demon thieves, Angel and Gunn are soon in over their heads. The Shroud has magical powers that turn people crazy. Soon it's infecting all of them, even Angel. Angel's relationship with Detective Kate Lockley is both bettered and worsened when she intrudes on the heist.
428	Angel	The Trial	Action	8.9	Darla is informed from Lindsey and Holland that there was an unfortunate side effect to her rebirth. Angel, learning of Darla's terminal condition, embarks on a mission to save her. Lorne directs Angel to a challenge which might restore Darla's health but at the cost of his life. Angel completes the challenge but Darla cannot be saved again because of her previous resurrection. Feeling broken, Angel tries to comfort Darla in her final stage until Lindsey shows up with an unexpected visitor.
428	Angel	Reunion	Action	8.9	Angel is desperate to find Darla before she rises as a vampire. Unfortunately, Drusilla is working with Wolfram and Hart to make sure that Angel can't stop Darla's "rebirth." The gang at Angel Inc. becomes more and more concerned about Angel's growing darkness. Especially, when he makes a drastic and controversial decision regarding some Wolfram and Hart lawyers.
428	Angel	Redefinition	Action	8.9	After firing his friends, Angel sets off on a mission to stop Dru and Darla. Wes, Cordy and Gunn are feeling lost and hurt. They end up at Caritas and eventually discover that they just might be able to make it on their own. Meanwhile, Lila and Lindsey deal with the aftermath of being the only two survivors of the wine cellar massacre.
428	Angel	Blood Money	Action	8.9	Wolfram and Hart are sponsoring a fund raising benefit for a local teen shelter. Angel is suspicious of their motives and starts investigating. Meanwhile, Wes, Gunn and Cordy work to establish their own detective business.
428	Angel	Happy Anniversary	Action	8.9	Gene is a brilliant physicist, smitten with love, who is on the verge on discovering a method of manipulating the time and space relationship. One night at karaoke, Lorne discovers that Gene has no future past the next day as well as the rest of the world. Lorne and Angel set out to prevent Gene from freezing time around the world to preserve his fractured relationship. Meanwhile, Cordelia, Wesley, and Gunn establish their own private investigation firm and stumble upon an intricate case involving a wealthy family and a demon.
428	Angel	The Thin Dead Line	Action	8.9	Anne, head of the teen shelter, seeks assistance from Gunn, Wesley, and Cordelia when she learns of kids in the area being harassed by police officers. It seems a frustrated police chief in a bad part of town initiates a new program to combat rising violence on the streets: resurrecting officers killed in the line of duty. Unbeknownst to the others, Angel and Detective Lockley attempt to track down the zombie officers' puppet master. In the process, Wesley is shot and badly wounded by one of the officers. Angel however cannot bring himself to visit his former employee.
428	Angel	Reprise	Action	8.9	As the Wolfram and Hart 75 year review draws near, Angel sees an opportunity to bring the whole company down. He is determined to get to the law firm's home office and destroy the senior partners. But, what he discovers has him hitting rock bottom. Meanwhile, Kate is fired from the police force, driving her to do something drastic.
428	Angel	Epiphany	Action	8.9	Angel has an epiphany which has him questioning his actions over the past few months. Meanwhile, the three eyed demon clan is after Gunn, Wes and Cordy. It's up to Angel to save them... If they can all start trusting him again.
428	Angel	Disharmony	Action	8.9	Cordelia is shocked when old friend Harmony unexpectedly shows up in Los Angeles. Cordelia invites her to stay at her apartment and catch up on old times. After a strange midnight encounter, Cordelia contacts Willow and is surprised to learn that Harmony is a vampire, not a lesbian as she initially thought. Wesley is not as accepting of Harmony's condition as the others and fears the worst. After a brief encounter with Lorne in which he tells her to stick with Cordelia, Harmony tags along with the gang as they investigate the kidnapping of humans.
428	Angel	Dead End	Action	8.9	With a reevaluation upcoming for his department, Lindsey is referred to a clinic where he is able to receive a donor hand. Lindsey is shocked to discover that his hand has a mind of its own, jotting nefarious notes on its own accord. Meanwhile, the Angel Investigations crew follows up on a vision Cordelia has in which a man, who recently received a transplant eye from the same clinic, stabs himself. Lindsey and Angel's paths cross as they realize they are investigating the same matter.
428	Angel	Belonging	Action	8.9	When a demon from Lorne's home dimension of Pylea arrives in LA, Lorne goes to Angel for help. The demon came through a portal and, as Team Angel investigates, they find evidence of more portal activity around the city. When Lorne's cousin arrives from Pylea, he joins in their hunt for the demon.
428	Angel	Over the Rainbow	Action	8.9	After Cordy is swept through a portal, Angel and Wes are desperate to get her back. They come up with a plan to go to Pylea after her. Since it's Lorne's home dimension, they insist that he come along. Gunn is hesitant to go when Wes says that they might never be able to get back to earth. Meanwhile on Pylea, Cordy is sold as a "cow" and meets up with another portal refugee, Fred. Then Cordy has a vision and things become even more complicated for her.
428	Angel	Through the Looking Glass	Action	8.9	Wes, Gunn, Angel and Lorne find Cordy in Pylea. She's being hailed as a princess because of her visions. Now, she's the ruler of the kingdom. While, Wes and Gunn try to find a way to open another portal and return home, Lorne visits his family. Angel is becoming incredibly popular with the locals, telling them tales of his battles back on earth. He even rescues Fred from certain death. But things quickly start to go wrong for everyone. Cordy realizes some disturbing things about her new responsibilities.
428	Angel	There's No Place Like Plrtz Glrb	Action	8.9	The season two finale has Team Angel desperate to escape Pylea. Wes and Gunn join up with the rebel forces, Cordy tries to save Lorne, and Angel has to overcome the demon inside of him. If they're ever going to get back to LA, they're going to have to overcome their individual problems and work together as a team.
428	Angel	Heartthrob	Action	8.9	Even as Angel mourns Buffy's death, he must do battle against a vampire he was friends with back in 18'th century Marseilles - and whose girlfriend he has just killed.
428	Angel	That Vision Thing	Action	8.9	Angel is forced to help Wolfram and Hart free a man being held by the Powers That Be after the law firm hires a demon who can cause Cordelia to experience terrifying visions and pain.
428	Angel	That Old Gang of Mine	Action	8.9	Someone is murdering all the demons in LA, even the harmless ones. While Angel and Wes investigate the killings, Gunn begins to suspect that his old vampire hunting friends are behind the attacks. He feels torn between his old gang and his job with Angel Inc. But when the gang attacks Caritas, everyone is in danger.
428	Angel	Carpe Noctem	Action	8.9	While investigating some mysterious deaths, Angel switches bodies with a old guy named Marcus. Marcus immediately takes over Angel's life, while Angel is stuck in a retirement home. When Marcus realizes that Angel's body gives him vampire powers, he decides that they only way to keep it is to get rid of Angel once and for all.
428	Angel	Fredless	Action	8.9	Fred's parents show up in LA and Team Angel is instantly suspicious of them. They seem a little too... Normal. Fred hiding from her family and has run off. In order to find her again, Team Angel and the Burkles will have to work together. They'll also have to battle some demons and pay a visit to Lorne. And Fred will have to decide where she really belongs now.
428	Angel	Billy	Action	8.9	A guy named Billy is infecting men with primal misogynistic impulses. When he touches men, they attack any women that they come across. Lilah is beaten and several other women wind up dead. Cordy and Angel try to track Billy down. But, when Billy's blood infects Wes and Gunn, it might be too late for Fred. And when Billy touches Angel, Cordelia could be in trouble, too.
428	Angel	Offspring	Action	8.9	Darla comes back to LA, bringing Angel news of their baby. As Team Angel tries to find out how a vampire pregnancy is even possible, Angel must deal with his growing feelings for Cordy and his new fears about what sort of "child" Darla might be carrying. Meanwhile, one of Angel's old enemies arrives in LA looking for vengeance.
428	Angel	Quickening	Action	8.9	Team Angel continues to try and deal with Darla's pregnancy. When Wolfram and Hart finds out about the baby, the law firm decides to steal it for themselves. Meanwhile, Holtz is determined to kill Angel and arrives at the Hyperion looking for revenge.
428	Angel	Lullaby	Action	8.9	As Darla goes into labor, Team Angel tries to help her deliver the baby. Unfortunately, there are some unforeseen problems. Angel is captured by Holtz, who learns that Angel now has a soul. In the end, it's up to Darla to bring Angel's son into the world, no matter what the cost.
428	Angel	Dad	Action	8.9	With the birth of Angel's son, the gang returns to the Hyperion to regroup. There are countless demons, humans and lawyers after the baby now, and Angel is scared to let the kid out of his sight. Team Angel will have to help him keep Connor safe and defeat the baby's enemies. Meanwhile, Holtz finds an ally, a vengeful woman named Justine.
428	Angel	Birthday	Action	8.9	It's Cordy's birthday and a particularly intense vision knocks her out of her body. As Team Angel tries to help her, Cordy is stuck in an astral plane unable to communicate. When a guide shows up and offers Cordy a deal, she has to choose between getting everything she thought she wanted and her life with Angel.
428	Angel	Provider	Action	8.9	With his new son to consider, Angel begins worrying about paying the bills. His pursuit of money worries Cordelia, who is concerned that Angel will forget his mission to help the helpless. As Team Angel is spread thin, covering as many paying cases as possible, several members are put in harms way.
428	Angel	Waiting in the Wings	Action	8.9	When a famous dance troupe comes to LA, Angel is thrilled. He drags Gunn, Fred, Cordy and Wes along for a night of ballet. Unfortunately, supernatural forces are afoot at the theater. Meanwhile, Angel is scared to admit his real feelings for Cordy. Wes & Gunn both continue to fall for Fred and she finally kisses one of them.
428	Angel	Couplet	Action	8.9	Wesley is depressed as Fred and Gunn grow closer, and the Groosalugg's arrival irritates Angel. Angel is jealous when Cordelia and the Groosalugg search for a way to be together without endangering her visions. Meanwhile, Wesley focuses on translating a scroll about Connor and he's soon horrified by what it suggests.
428	Angel	Loyalty	Action	8.9	After translating the prophecy, Wesley is terrified. It says, "The father will kill the son," meaning Angel will kill Connor. Meanwhile, Gunn and Fred investigate a vampire nest, while Holtz amps up his plans for vengeance. Wes tries to disprove the prophecy, but all signs seem to point to disaster.
428	Angel	Sleep Tight	Action	8.9	As Wesley struggles to come to terms with the prophecy, Angel's behavior grows more and more erratic. The crew at Angel Inc. is concerned as Angel's moods swing from giddy to furious with no provocation. While Holtz, Lilah and Shajhan continue to plot vengeance against Angel, Wes takes drastic steps to keep Connor safe.
428	Angel	Forgiving	Action	8.9	With Connor trapped in a hell dimension, Angel is willing to do anything to rescue him... Even make a deal with Wolfram and Hart. Meanwhile, Fred and Gunn search for Wes, who is gravely wounded. As Angel tries to save Connor, he learns some terrible new information about the prophecy.
428	Angel	Double or Nothing	Action	8.9	As Angel grieves for Connor, Cordelia returns to LA and tries to comfort him. Meanwhile, Gunn is falling in love with Fred. But, he has to deal with a mistake that he made back when he was a vampire street fighter and it could ruin their happy future. Wes, abandoned by his friends and banned from the Hyperion, leaves the hospital by himself.
428	Angel	The Price	Action	8.9	After performing dark magics back in "Forgiving," Angel knew there'd be a price and this is it. The Hyperion is being invaded by little slugs that dehydrate anyone they infect. As Team Angel tries to fight them off and save one of their own, they learn that something called the "Destroyer" is on its way.
428	Angel	A New World	Action	8.9	Angel is stunned as Connor falls through the portal from the hell dimension. His son is now a teenager and, thanks to Holtz, he hates Angel. While Angel tries to get through to Connor, Lilah shows up at Wesley's apartment with an interesting proposition...
428	Angel	Benediction	Action	8.9	With Holtz back in LA, Angel Inc. is in for some problems. As Angel tries to bond with his son, Holtz reconnects with Justine. The two vampire hunters cook up a plan to turn Connor against Angel forever. Meanwhile, Wesley and Lilah spend more time together and Cordelia and the Groosalugg grow further apart.
428	Angel	Tomorrow	Action	8.9	In the season finale, Connor plots revenge against Angel. He blames Angel for Holtz's death and comes up with a plan to make his father pay. Meanwhile, Cordy realizes that she has feelings for Angel and Wes & Lilah make love for the first time.
428	Angel	Deep Down	Action	8.9	Season four begins with Angel stuck at the bottom of the sea. Fred and Gunn search for him, unaware that Connor is the one behind his disappearance. Cordy is now a Higher Power and no one is sure where she went either. It's Wes who begins to piece together what happened to his estranged friends and comes up with a plan to save Angel.
428	Angel	Ground State	Action	8.9	Angel is desperate to find Cordy, unaware that she's become a Higher Power. Angel also wants to mend fences with Wes, who remains bitter. Still, Wesley points Angel on the track of magical arch thing that can help locate Cordelia. Unfortunately, someone else is about to steal it right out from under them.
428	Angel	The House Always Wins	Action	8.9	Angel, Gunn and Fred head to Las Vegas to see Lorne only to find that he is being forced to steal people's destinies. Once Angel's is stolen, only Cordelia can help. Meanwhile a friend unexpectedly shows up at the hotel.
428	Angel	Slouching Toward Bethlehem	Action	8.9	Cordy returns from being a Higher Power and Team Angel is thrilled to see her. Unfortunately, she has amnesia and can't remember anything about her life or the monsters that she deals with on a daily basis. Meanwhile, Wolfram & Hart learns that she's back among the corporeal and decides to see what she might know about life on the Higher Plane.
428	Angel	Supersymmetry	Action	8.9	When Fred writes a physics paper, she's invited to her old college as a guest lecturer. Angel, Gunn and Wes show up to support her as she speaks in front of all her former professors. But when a portal opens up over Fred's head, it becomes clear that something supernatural is happening to her... Again.
428	Angel	Spin the Bottle	Action	8.9	In an attempt to restore Cordelia's memory, Lorne accidentally reverses everyone's memory to making them think they are 17 and on a vampire chase. When they find out Angel is a vampire, everyone sets out to get him. As Cordelia's memory is revived, a demon inside her is awakened.
428	Angel	Apocalypse, Nowish	Action	8.9	Plagues of rats, earthquakes and a string of strange events lead Angel and the gang to one realization: the apocalypse has come at last. Meanwhile, Connor and Cordelia encounter The Beast, who has come to Los Angeles on the verge of Armageddon to help bring about the end of the world.
428	Angel	Habeas Corpses	Action	8.9	After The Beast arrives at Wolfram & Hart, Angel and the gang must break in to rescue Connor from another, creepier force. Meanwhile, Wesley comes to an important decision regarding his relationship with Lilah, Cordelia and Connor try to resolve what they've done together, and Fred is torn between trusting Wesley and reconnecting with Gunn.
428	Angel	Long Day's Journey	Action	8.9	The Beast continues its rampage through LA. While Team Angel tries to figure out what its next move might be, Gwen arrives at the Hyperion looking for help. One of her clients has been killed by the Beast and she doesn't know why. As they investigate, Team Angel realizes that the Beast's plan could mean disaster for everyone.
428	Angel	Awakening	Action	8.9	After realizing that Angelus might have some information on the Beast, Team Angel reluctantly decides to remove Angel's soul. Wes brings in a mystic who can extract Angel's soul and then return it safely to his body after Angelus gives them the information they need. But, as the mystic starts the soul-removing ceremony, it seems like there might be some surprises.
428	Angel	Soulless	Action	8.9	After Team Angel succeeds in removing Angel's soul, they have two new problems to confront. First of all, they have to get Angelus to tell them everything he knows about the Beast. And secondly, they have to keep him from turning Team Angel against each other. As Angelus starts exploiting all of Angel's memories about his friends, though, it becomes clear that he's has a lot more power than it seems.
428	Angel	Calvary	Action	8.9	With Angel's soul stolen from the hotel safe, Team Angel is worried. They have no idea how to get Angel back again before it's too late. When Cordy comes up with a spell that might work, the others agree that it's their best hope. Meanwhile, Lilah shows up at the hotel, looking for some allies in her quest to destroy the Beast.
428	Angel	Salvage	Action	8.9	After releasing Faith from prison, Wesley takes her to Los Angeles hoping she will be able to trap Angelus. Faith finds Angelus and The Beast.
428	Angel	Release	Action	8.9	Faith & Wesley continue to try and find Angelus. They want to capture him so they return Angel's soul. Meanwhile, Evil Cordy wants to bring Angelus over to her side of the apocalypse. Unfortunately for all of them, Angelus has some plans of his own.
428	Angel	Orpheus	Action	8.9	Fred calls Willow to re-en soul Angel. She encounters unexpected resistance from a mysterious source. Faith's strategy to capture Angelus has an unexpected side affect. She enters Angel's mind and witnesses some of his past.
428	Angel	Players	Action	8.9	Team Angel is stunned to discover that Cordy is pregnant. She insists that her baby will be a blessing, but its rapid growth is worrying the others and they come up with a plan. Meanwhile, Gwen comes to the Hyperion for help on a case and teams up with Gunn.
428	Angel	Inside Out	Action	8.9	Team Angel finally realizes that Cordelia's body has been taken over by some sort of demon. Before they can get any answers though, Conner arrives and drags Evil Cordy to safety. Frustrated and angry, Angel goes to question Skip, the demon who took Cordy to the Higher Plane. Meanwhile, Evil Cordy tells Conner that the baby must be born... NOW.
428	Angel	Shiny Happy People	Action	8.9	When the demon Cordelia gives birth to turns out to be a saintly, beautiful woman, all who lay eyes on her become entranced by her spell. With Cordelia in a coma, Angel and the gang help the new, unnamed prophet create the perfect Utopian L.A. But as every spell is a deception, even the most peaceful and reasonable ideals may conceal the darkest of secrets.
428	Angel	The Magic Bullet	Action	8.9	Mysteriously free of Jasmine's spell, Fred must take refuge with dubious allies as Angel and the gang hunt her down. Jasmine's powers expand as the citizens of L.A. begin to develop a psychic connection which could potentially pave the way for collective consciousness. Using this new power to find Fred, she hides outside the city, desperately trying to find the cure for Jasmine's "love".
428	Angel	Sacrifice	Action	8.9	Team Angel continues to fight against Jasmine's growing power. After escaping the Hyperion, they find themselves hiding in the sewers and trying to come up with a plan. Meanwhile, Conner continues to serve Jasmine, even after she has Cordy moved to an undisclosed location. When Wes finds out a few of Jasmine's secrets and she closes in on them, Team Angel has to split up so at least one of them will survive.
428	Angel	Peace Out	Action	8.9	Angel arrives in Jasmine's old dimension, looking for a way to break her spell. Back on Earth, Team Angel is locked up in the Hyperion as Jasmine prepares to brainwash the world through a global media event. Conner goes searching for Cordelia.
428	Angel	Home	Action	8.9	Lilah returns from Hell to offer Angel Inc. the L.A. branch of Wolfram and Hart. They are given the option of going to see what it has to offer, which all of them decide to take. When on their tours, Fred is offered the Science Department. Gunn is taken to the White Room to see who replaced the Girl. Wesley is offered books with infinite knowledge, and Lorne is offered the Entertainment Department. If they accept, Angel would be the head honcho. In the end, Angel will accept, but only under one condition.
428	Angel	Conviction (1)	Action	8.9	Angel and the gang adjust to life at Wolfram & Hart, while Angel lets loose the shocking contents of a package from Sunnydale.
428	Angel	Just Rewards (2)	Action	8.9	Team Angel is shocked when Spike appears out of an amulet that someone sent to Angel. Spike was supposed to have died back in Sunnydale, but now he's returned as a ghost. And he's really unhappy about it. Angel has to deal with an evil necromancer and with Spike, who might just be willing to turn on Team Angel if it'll make him corporeal again.
428	Angel	Unleashed	Action	8.9	Angel saves a woman from a werewolf attack, but not before the woman was bitten. Now she will become a werewolf. As Team Angel tries to help her cope with her new situation, someone else would like to have Werewolf for dinner.
428	Angel	Hell Bound	Action	8.9	Fred faces technical and budgetary setbacks in her project to make Spike corporeal. Meanwhile, Spike is beset by grisly apparitions that only he can see.
428	Angel	Life of the Party	Action	8.9	When Lorne gets his sleep removed to prepare for the firm's Halloween Party, he doesn't realize the consequences. At the party, everyone has to do what he tells them to do, but mystically. In the end, Spike is thinking positively, Gunn is "marking his territory", Angel and Eve get a room, and Wes and Fred are drunk. They all have to get Lorne to sleep before...well, watch the episode.
428	Angel	The Cautionary Tale of Numero Cinco	Action	8.9	It turns out that the Wolfram & Hart mail guy is more than he seems. He and his brothers were once demon fighters. But, when he lost his family in battle, he gave up on being a Champion. When one of his old foes comes to town, though, he has to help Team Angel defeat it.
428	Angel	Lineage	Action	8.9	Wesley's father comes for a visit. With his father overseeing and critiquing everything he does, his old feelings of insecurity arise. Also, Wolfram and Hart is besieged by robot ninjas.
428	Angel	Destiny	Action	8.9	Spike receives a mysterious box of "flashy" in the mail and is shocked when it somehow recorporealizes him. He's thrilled to be solid again, but when odd things start happening at Wolfram & Hart, Eve says that they now have a problem. With Spike an un-ghosted Vampire Champion, the Shanshu Prophesy could also apply to him. Spike & Angel have to try and figure out which one of them is destined to become human again.
428	Angel	Harm's Way	Action	8.9	Harmony is having trouble adjusting to working for Angel. The other employees of Wolfram & Hart ignore her and she's feeling depressed about her life. After a night out with Fred, though, Harm's troubles are about to get a lot more serious.
428	Angel	Soul Purpose	Action	8.9	Lindsey and Eve continue to plot against Team Angel. Lindsey approaches Spike, telling him that the Powers That Be have selected Spike to be the new Champion now that Angel is working for Wolfram & Hart. Meanwhile, Angel is caught in a series of hallucinations and can't wake up.
428	Angel	Damage	Action	8.9	A psychotic vampire slayer has escaped from her asylum, and is now on the loose in Los Angeles. Angel and Spike are on the hunt for her, before she does more damage. Once she is found, looking for pieces of her past, she believes that Spike was the man who drove her towards insanity, and wants to seek revenge.
428	Angel	You're Welcome	Action	8.9	Cordelia awakens from her magically induced coma and returns to help Angel fight an old enemy who has reappeared even more powerful than ever.
428	Angel	Why We Fight	Action	8.9	Angel's past comes to haunt him. An ally from World War II takes Fred, Gunn, and Wes hostage while seeking Angel. This is the only vampire Angel sired after he got his soul back. Angel relives the past and must determine his future.
428	Angel	Smile Time	Action	8.9	Angel and the gang set out to foil an evil puppet show that is sucking the brain power of all the children who watch. During their fight, Angel is turned into a puppet himself and must rely upon his friends in order to reverse the spell which holds him at one foot tall.
428	Angel	A Hole in the World	Action	8.9	When an ancient sarcophagus arrives in the laboratory at Wolfram & Hart, Fred opens a small compartment and is infected by an ancient disease that slowly begins to kill her. As Angel and Spike travel across the world in order to help her, Wesley slowly begins to realize that there may be no stopping this disease.
428	Angel	Shells	Action	8.9	As Angel and the gang try desperately to bring Fred back, Wesley begins to understand that the ancient demon Illyria, now fused with Fred's body, is here to stay. Exhausting all options for saving Fred, the gang switches gears to stop Illyria and her plan for global domination.
428	Angel	Underneath	Action	8.9	Angel, Spike and Gunn travel to a surprisingly unusual hell dimension to free Lindsey and find out what he knows of the Senior Partners' ultimate plans. With Illyria's army defunct and her plans averted, the gang accepts her as a dubious ally. Wesley, volunteering to be her guide and mentor, falls slowly into depression and self-destruction. Meanwhile, the Senior Partners send a new, unstoppable force, a new liaison and businessman, named Marcus Hamilton, to find Eve, and Gunn makes an important decision in an attempt to protect his friends... and save his soul.
428	Angel	Origin	Action	8.9	Parents bring their son to Wolfram and Hart to try to make sense of their son's superhuman abilities. Team Angel wants their assistance, but Angel refuses, because it's his son Connor. A demon is after Connor, but without his memories of his old life, he doesn't have much of a chance against the demon. True memories are revealed for Connor and a member of Team Angel.
428	Angel	Time Bomb	Action	8.9	Illyria begins acting more strangely than usual. After she rescues Gunn from the suburban hell dimension, she begins displaying more power. After a hint from Hamilton, Wesley discovers that Fred's body is insufficient to contain Illyria's power, and she is about to explode. Meanwhile, Angel discovers that she is unintentionally leapfrogging through time, and uses it as possibly the only way to stop her.
428	Angel	The Girl in Question	Action	8.9	Angel and Spike's mission to help resurrect a demon gang leader in Italy is made more complicated when they learn that their former love, Buffy, might be in danger. Meanwhile, when the Burkles make a surprise visit to Wolfram & Hart, Illyria solves the problem by showing Wesley a frightening talent- a talent that challenges his own moral standing.
428	Angel	Power Play	Action	8.9	The Team have reason to believe that Angel has been utterly corrupted with power when they find evidence that he has joined the Circle of the Black Thorn, the most evil of secret societies. Wesley, Gunn, Spike, and even Illyria discover some surprises when they urge Angel to side with the forces of Good again.
428	Angel	Not Fade Away	Action	8.9	In the series finale, Angel reveals that his questionable moral behavior has been part of a bigger plan: to destroy The Circle of the Black Thorn and show the Senior Partners that the power of good can still make a difference. Wesley struggles with helping Illyria adapt to the world, scolding her for her attempts to take on Fred's form. As Gunn continues his quest of self-discovery, Lorne becomes more aware of the lack of happiness in the world. Harmony attempts to seduce Marcus Hamilton for information, Lindsey makes an important decision regarding his alliance, and Eve continues to deal with being mortal. As Spike comes closer to understanding the nature of heroism, Angel pays a visit to the one person he truly loves. On Angel's bidding, the gang goes out and spends each day as if it were their last...
429	Farscape	Farscape	Action	9.3	Astronaut John Crichton assumes he'll be home in time for dinner. But a freak accident during an experimental space mission catapults him across a thousand galaxies to an alien battlefield. Suddenly, he's trapped among alien creatures wielding deadly technology - a battle that 20th century sci-fi pop culture never prepared him for. Hunted by a merciless military race, Crichton begins his quest for home from a galaxy far, far away...
429	Farscape	Premiere	Action	9.3	Astronaut John Crichton attempts to use the Earth's atmosphere to propel his module Farscape 1 at high speeds but he is hit by a radiation wave and sucked through a wormhole into a distant part of the universe and straight into the middle of a space battle. After almost colliding with another ship, which explodes shortly afterwards, he is brought aboard a ship full of alien prisoners attempting to escape custody. After being partnered with a captured Peacekeeper soldier, Crichton is drawn into the prisoners' daring plan to escape the clutches of the Peacekeeper forces and their vengefully obsessed military commander.
429	Farscape	I, E.T.	Action	9.3	A Peacekeeper beacon goes off and Moya has to land on an alien planet to prevent its signal being intercepted and Moya being discovered. Crichton, D'Argo and Aeryn leave Moya and explore the planet in search of a substance that can be used to numb Moya's senses so the beacon can be removed but Crichton gets separated from the group and meets up with some inhabitants of the planet who hide him from the authorities.
429	Farscape	Exodus from Genesis	Action	9.3	Moya gets infested with bugs who have come on board to breed. They turn up the temperature to speed up the process but this causes Aeryn to get heat delirium as she is cold blooded. The bugs seem to be able to replicate members of the crew. And as if that isn't enough, a Peacekeeper ship shows up.
429	Farscape	Throne for a Loss	Action	9.3	When a group of Tavleks come aboard for trade negotiations, Rygel takes a vitally important crystal from Moya to make himself appear wealthy. The Tavleks kidnap Rygel to hold for ransom. Crichton, Aeryn and D'Argo attempt to rescue Rygel with the use of a Tavlek weapon. Meanwhile, Zhaan has interesting interactions with a wounded Tavlek left behind on Moya.
429	Farscape	Back and Back and Back to the Future	Action	9.3	The crew comes across a ship that is molecularly de-stabilizing. D'Argo makes everyone bring the ship's escape pod aboard when he discovers that the ship's passengers are Ilanics -- long-time allies of the Luxans. Aboard the escape pod, Crichton gets a shock and starts experiencing strange visions of the future, first of himself and one of the Ilanics, then of Moya's destruction.
429	Farscape	Thank God it's Friday. Again.	Action	9.3	The crew visits a planet full of happy workers. Soon D'Argo and Zhaan start working and refuse to return to the ship. Meanwhile Rygel's body fluids become explosive and Aeryn and Pilot must learn why before Rygel dies.
429	Farscape	PK Tech Girl	Action	9.3	The crew find an abandoned Peacekeeper ship adrift in space. On board they discover that Crais recently deposited a unit of techs to make repairs. Meanwhile Rygel learns that this was the ship where he was first held captive and starts getting paranoid. Things get worse when a group of fire-breathing aliens show up.
429	Farscape	That Old Black Magic	Action	9.3	Crichton is put into a head-to-head battle with Crais by a magical being named Maldis who feeds off the emotions of others and makes himself stronger by absorbing all of the negative energy and anger from Crichton and Crais.
429	Farscape	DNA Mad Scientist	Action	9.3	A scientist extracts DNA from several of Moya's crew, promising them that with it he will be able to find the locations of their home planets. Conflict arises when he asks for a sample from Pilot -- specifically, one of his arms.
429	Farscape	They've Got a Secret	Action	9.3	During routine searches for Peacekeeper beacons, D'Argo falls down a chute, destroys a Peacekeeper shield and gets ejected into open space. After being rescued D'Argo starts to think that everyone on Moya are members of his family. Moya, meanwhile, starts to alter the environmental conditions inside the ship so that it is hardly habitable for the crew.
429	Farscape	Till the Blood Runs Clear	Action	9.3	Crichton comes across the same conditions that created the wormhole that sent him to Moya. He and Aeryn leave Moya in his module in an attempt to create another wormhole and return home. Although a wormhole forms, it is unstable and damages the module. Crichton and Aeryn are forced to make an emergency landing on a planet to make repairs. There, they encounter a holographic message sent by Crais, offering rewards for: D'Argo, Zhaan and Rygel.
429	Farscape	Rhapsody in Blue	Action	9.3	Moya responds to a distress call from another pregnant Leviathan. The crew learns, upon arrival at the planet from which the call originated, that they've been deceived. The call actually came from a group of exiled Delvians who want to learn -- forcibly, if need be -- how Zhaan overcame the madness caused by giving in to her anger.
429	Farscape	The Flax	Action	9.3	While taking a piloting lesson on a transport pod with Aeryn, Crichton gets caught in an energy field which is invisible to their sensors. Meanwhile, back on Moya, a strange guest docks and comes aboard to warn the crew about The Flax, an invisible energy net created to catch ships which are then plundered by pirates.
429	Farscape	Jeremiah Crichton	Action	9.3	Several heated arguments with the crew prompt Crichton to take his module for a cruise. While away from the ship, a problem with Moya causes her to Starburst without warning, leaving Crichton stranded. While separated from the others, he discovers a forgotten colony with an appalling secret- a secret that their religious leaders have gone to great lengths to conceal.
429	Farscape	Durka Returns	Action	9.3	When a Starburst goes badly wrong, Moya collides with a Nebari ship. On board is Durka, Rygel's former torturer, who has been mind cleansed and now serves the Nebari. Chiana, an attractive young rebel faces the same fate. Rygel takes it upon himself to take revenge on Durka and ends up undoing the cleansing and restoring him to his former, tyrannic incarnation.
429	Farscape	A Human Reaction	Action	9.3	After discovering a wormhole that appears to lead back to Earth, Crichton takes the chance that it might be his ticket home. He crash lands on a beach in Australia and finds that although Earth is exactly as he remembered it, it is not exactly what he was expecting.
429	Farscape	Through the Looking Glass	Action	9.3	Moya tries to Starburst to prove to the crew that she still can. It goes badly wrong, though, and she gets stuck in Starburst with reality split into several different and strange dimensions.
429	Farscape	A Bug's Life	Action	9.3	A Peacekeeper ship approaches Moya, so Crichton and Aeryn pose as Peacekeeper officers on a secret mission while everyone else gets locked into cells to make the deception seem realistic. The Peacekeepers that come aboard, however have some strange and dangerous cargo aboard which wreaks havoc when accidentally released by Rygel and Chiana snooping through the Peacekeepers' possessions.
429	Farscape	Nerve	Action	9.3	Crichton and Chiana try to infiltrate a Peacekeeper base to get a vital tissue graft for Aeryn, who will die without it. Crichton gets caught by Scorpius and imprisoned. He is tortured using a device called the 'Aurora Chair' which is able to look inside his mind and, as Scorpius wants, to reveal the secrets of wormholes.
429	Farscape	The Hidden Memory	Action	9.3	Although still recovering from her near-death experience, Aeryn is determined to save Crichton, who is being held captive by the Peacekeepers. Zhaan and D'Argo join her, while Chiana and Rygel stay behind with Moya who is about to deliver her offspring. Soon suspicion falls on Crais, after Gilina's technical manipulation of the Aurora Chair causes Scorpius to wonder if in fact Crais is responsible. This leaves Crichton open for rescue.
429	Farscape	Bone to be Wild	Action	9.3	Moya is hiding in an asteroid field from a Peacekeeper command carrier. They receive a distress call and Crichton, Zhaan and D'Argo go down to one of the asteroids to rescue a woman who becomes intent on eating them.
429	Farscape	Family Ties	Action	9.3	Rygel steals a transport pod and goes to the Peacekeeper command carrier to betray the others. However he ends up returning to Moya with Crais, who wants asylum. Meanwhile, Crichton decides to destroy Scorpius' Gammak Base.
429	Farscape	Mind the Baby	Action	9.3	Crichton, Aeryn and D'Argo are stranded in an asteroid field while Scorpius searches for them. Their safety depends on Crais, who is nearby in Talyn. Aeryn teaches Crais how to control the young Leviathan - the only thing she can offer in return for the lives of her friends. When Moya returns to the asteroid field to look for her offspring, and Crichton decides to remove Crais from control of Talyn, Scorpius finally sees his chance to strike.
429	Farscape	Vitas Mortis	Action	9.3	D'Argo takes part in a sacred ritual that helps an old Luxan, an Orican, to survive. During the ritual the Orican draws energy from who she thinks is D'Argo but is actually Moya. Consequently Moya starts to age rapidly.
429	Farscape	Taking the Stone	Action	9.3	After getting word that her brother is dead, Chiana leaves Moya and goes to a 'grave planet' populated by a race of young people who play dangerous and life-threatening games.
429	Farscape	Crackers Don't Matter	Action	9.3	The crew returns from a commerce planet with a load of crackers and a meek alien called T'raltixx, who promises he can alter Moya's electromagnetic profile in order to make her untraceable. Crichton is skeptical; it seems too good to be true. As they pass through a constellation of pulsars, an intense paranoia affects the crew, turning them violently again each other. Crichton must fight against his own paranoid delusions to work out what T'raltixx is actually doing -- and how to stop him.
429	Farscape	The Way We Weren't	Action	9.3	A datacam tape is uncovered showing Aeryn as part of a Peacekeeper firing squad that executed a previous Pilot aboard Moya. The rest of the crew wants answers but Aeryn is reluctant to revisit her past - especially her relationship with Velorek, the man charged with forcibly bonding a new Pilot to Moya. Pilot (the current one, that is) refuses to communicate with the crew, not wanting to reveal his own complicity in the murky circumstances surrounding his installment as Moya's guide.
429	Farscape	Picture if You Will	Action	9.3	While visiting a planet Chiana visits a trader and is given a picture which can supposedly predict the future free of charge. Back on Moya the crew become alarmed when the picture begins to predict people's deaths and soon the crew are unable to stop it. But before long it is revealed that an old enemy is responsible for what is happening.
429	Farscape	Home on the Remains	Action	9.3	With Moya out of food, Chiana leads everyone to a dead Budong where she once worked. Meanwhile on Moya, Aeryn is left to deal with a carnivorous Zhaan.
429	Farscape	Dream a Little Dream	Action	9.3	While waiting inside a transport pod, to be picked up by Moya, Zhaan tells Crichton about being accused and tried for murder during his absence.
429	Farscape	Out of Their Minds	Action	9.3	When a hostile alien ship fires first at the Moya, the crew, despite the fact that their energy shield is up, finds their minds switched into another person's body. As a result, Crichton is in the body of Aeryn, Aeryn is in the body of Rygel, and Rygel is in the body of Crichton. In the cockpit, Pilot is in the body of Chiana, Chiana is in the body of D'Argo, and D'Argo is in the body of Pilot. They're all forced to adapt to their new bodies as they attempt to figure out what caused the switch.
429	Farscape	Look at the Princess: A Kiss Is But a Kiss (1)	Action	9.3	Moya arrives at a planet where the people test their genetic compatibility by kissing. Crichton kisses a princess, who is next in line for the throne, and discovers that his DNA is a perfect match for her. He must now marry her and they will rule together. This is against the wishes of her brother, who is second in line for the throne -- conspiring with a Scarran.
429	Farscape	Look at the Princess: I Do, I Think (2)	Action	9.3	Plots swirl around Crichton and his fiancee, Princess Katralla. The empress promises Crichton that if he doesn't marry her daughter, she will hand him over to Scorpius. Meanwhile, Prince Clavor plots to assassinate Crichton so that he may ascend to the throne in his sister's place.
429	Farscape	Look at the Princess: The Maltese Crichton (3)	Action	9.3	Now married, Crichton and Katralla are frozen into living statues so that they may watch over the presiding governments of the next eighty cycles. Immediately, Clavor and the Scarran emissary attempt another assassination and succeed in removing Crichton's head. Empress Novia threatens to kill all off-worlders, putting D'Argo, Chiana and Rygel in danger. Finding Crichton's head is now a matter of life or death.
429	Farscape	My Three Crichtons	Action	9.3	A strange globe appears on Moya, sucking in Crichton and duplicating him creating two additional people. One who is a de-evolved 'cave man' and another who has increased mental ability.
429	Farscape	Beware of Dog	Action	9.3	When the crew hear rumors of creatures infesting ships in the area, they buy an alien tracker to remove the creatures aboard Moya. But it soon becomes apparent that the creatures could cause a lot of damage before the tracker finds it putting the crew in danger.
429	Farscape	Won't Get Fooled Again	Action	9.3	Crichton wakes to find himself back on Earth and the Farscape project failing. However, all is not as it seems, with D'Argo, Aeryn and co. co-existing with DK and his Dad. Crichton only has Scorpius to turn to for answers before it's too late!
429	Farscape	The Locket	Action	9.3	Moya gets stuck in a temporal anomoly but is unaware of it. Aeryn returns from recon after only a few hours but has aged many years.
429	Farscape	The Ugly Truth	Action	9.3	When Crais and Talyn rendezvous with Moya, the crew boards Talyn, where Crais presents them with a proposal about the young ship's future. Meanwhile, a ship that Crais intended to purchase weaponry from approaches Talyn, butTalyn fires and destroys it. Crais and Talyn flee, but the crew get captured and are put on trial for for their lives.
429	Farscape	A Clockwork Nebari	Action	9.3	A group of Nebari come on board Moya and attempt to mind cleanse everyone using a drug. Pilot and Rygel are the only two who can resist the effects. Crichton also remains unaffected due to Scorpius' neural clone.
429	Farscape	Liars, Guns and Money: A Not So Simple Plan (1)	Action	9.3	Stark returns to Moya with a plan to rob a shadow depository and buy a contingent of slaves, one of which is D'Argo's son Jothee. D'Argo attempts the robbery on his own however and now the crew must recover him as well as the money they require.
429	Farscape	Liars, Guns and Money: With Friends Like These... (2)	Action	9.3	The crew is stunned when they learn that Scorpius has bought the slaves out from under D'Argo. Rather than trade Crichton for Jothee, Crichton, D'Argo, Aeryn and Rygel seek out mercenaries to help them steal the slaves. In the process, they encounter some enemies they've fought in the past. Meanwhile, back on Moya, the stolen money has turned into metal-eating spiders that begin to consume Moya.
429	Farscape	Liars, Guns and Money: Plan B (3)	Action	9.3	Crichton turns himself over to Scorpius in order to free Jothee. With all the mercenaries now aboard Moya, the crew form a plan to rescue Crichton and destroy the depository.
429	Farscape	Die Me, Dichotomy	Action	9.3	The crew find a doctor that can heal Moya's burns and remove Crichton's neural chip. Things are complicated however when Crichton is informed he needs additional brain tissue from a donor in stasis who will die when the tissue is removed. Also Scorpius is beginning to take over Crichton's mind.
429	Farscape	Season of Death	Action	9.3	The Diagnosan's assistant, Grunchlk, sets a Scarran loose. Scorpius uses a device to control Grunchlk and plots to escape from the ice planet with John's neural chip.
429	Farscape	Suns and Lovers	Action	9.3	Moya docks at a commerce station so the crew can spend some of the money they acquired from the depository. There are complications, however, when a storm strikes the station.
429	Farscape	Self Inflicted Wounds: Could'a, Would'a, Should'a (1)	Action	9.3	Moya approaches a wormhole, gets pulled in, only to collide with another ship and become fused with it. Only one ship can ultimately survive, and the aliens aboard the other ship will stop at nothing to be sure that it will be theirs.
429	Farscape	Self Inflicted Wounds: Wait for the Wheel (2)	Action	9.3	The crew works out a way of getting free from the other ship and out of the wormhole. Things become more complicated when their new 'friends' begin to sabotage Moya and Crichton picks up a transmission from Earth.
429	Farscape	...Different Destinations	Action	9.3	While visiting a Peacekeeper memorial, Stark accidentally sends himself, Crichton, D'Argo, Aeryn and Jool back in time where they alter the timeline and then are forced to interfere further to restore it.
429	Farscape	Eat Me	Action	9.3	In need of supplies, Crichton lands his transport pod on a dying leviathan which is full of hungry cannibals and a scientist who has the ability to create clones.
429	Farscape	Thanks for Sharing	Action	9.3	Moya and Talyn, who is seriously damaged, rendezvous. They hide in the atmosphere of a planet to prevent the Peacekeepers from finding them. D'Argo and Rygel go down to the planet to find some Chromextin, a drug that will help Talyn recover. Meanwhile, Aeryn learns more about her parents and there are two Crichtons on board continuing from the last episode.
429	Farscape	Green Eyed Monster	Action	9.3	Talyn is swallowed by a giant space creature known as a Budong. Crais' neural connection to Talyn malfunctions and Aeryn is forced to take control of Talyn. Meanwhile, Stark and Rygel come up with a way to help Talyn escape from the Budong.
429	Farscape	Losing Time	Action	9.3	The crew of Moya start blacking out and missing portions of time. Pilot becomes inhabited by another entity who needs to 'taste' each crewmember to determine if they too are being inhabited.
429	Farscape	Relativity	Action	9.3	Talyn lands on a planet covered mostly with vegetation that will help him to heal. Crichton, Aeryn and Crais leave the ship in search of Xhalax.
429	Farscape	Incubator	Action	9.3	With his wormhole research stalling and his situation desperate, Scorpius inserts the original 'neurochip' into his own brain. He hopes to make contact with the clone of Crichton's personality that spilled in to the chip when it was in Crichton's brain. When they meet, Scorpius realizes that it's not going to be easy to get the clone to share information. Meanwhile, a defecting Peacekeeper scientist offers Crichton the secret of wormhole technology.
429	Farscape	Meltdown	Action	9.3	When Talyn draws dangerously close to a sun because he is being pulled by some mysterious force, Talyn's crew learn that a creature named Mu-Quillus is responsible. Stark then makes a pact with a spirit of a dead alien woman and puts the whole of Talyn's crew at risk.
429	Farscape	Scratch 'n Sniff	Action	9.3	While enjoying their holiday away from Moya, Crichton, D'Argo, Jool and Chiana get a little too drunk. The next day when Crichton and D'Argo come to they find that Chiana and Jool are nowhere to be seen, now Crichton and D'Argo must work out what really happened the night before.
429	Farscape	Infinite Possibilities: Daedalus Demands (1)	Action	9.3	When Crichton is accused of sharing wormhole stabilizing technology with a race known as the Charrids by the Ancient who calls himself Jack. Crichton and the rest of Talyn's crew must seek out an old acquaintance who really is the guilty one.
429	Farscape	Infinite Possibilities: Icarus Abides (2)	Action	9.3	Jack (The Ancient) unlocks the wormhole knowledge in Crichton's mind so together they can build a device to destroy the Scarran dreadnought.
429	Farscape	Revenging Angel	Action	9.3	There is an accident whilst D'Argo is demonstrating what his ship can do. He blames Crichton and knocks him out. In his unconscious state, Crichton has some animated dreams.
429	Farscape	The Choice	Action	9.3	Still grieving for Crichton, Aeryn travels to a planet to make contact with someone claiming to be her father. After meeting with him, Aeryn goes in search of a creature who, according to her father, can channel the dead. But where her father is, can her mother be far behind?
429	Farscape	Fractures	Action	9.3	A group of escaped prisoners come aboard Moya. They are followed shortly by Aeryn, Crais and Rygel who have finally returned from Talyn.
429	Farscape	I-Yensch, You-Yensch	Action	9.3	D'Argo and Rygel meet Braca and Scorpius in a cafe to conduct negotiations when it is unexpectedly attacked.
429	Farscape	Into the Lion's Den: Lambs to the Slaughter (1)	Action	9.3	Crichton and the rest of Moya's crew arrive at the Command Carrier to try and put an end to Scorpius' mad obsession with wormhole research. Slowly Crichton gains Scorpius' trust, but when a Peacekeeper commandant arrives at the Carrier and tells Scorpius that he must put an end to his wormhole research, Scorpius shows Crichton something which he has been searching for over the past three years... Earth.
429	Farscape	Into the Lion's Den: Wolf in Sheep's Clothing (2)	Action	9.3	Crais and Talyn make the ultimate sacrifice to save the crew of Moya, by Starbursting into the Command Carrier causing it to slowly collapse in on itself. Meanwhile Scorpius and Crichton move closer to the wormhole technology they are both looking for.
429	Farscape	Dog with Two Bones	Action	9.3	Moya takes Talyn's remains to the sacred burial ground where D'Argo is forced to destroy a rogue Leviathan that is attacking other ships.
429	Farscape	Crichton Kicks	Action	9.3	Crichton, who is now aboard a dying Leviathan named Elack, works on his theories of wormhole physics. But when a female alien named Sikozu lands on the ship, she is followed by a squad of Grudek mercenaries who want to harvest the Leviathan's neural cluster tissue. Crichton struggles to save his new home but gets some welcome help when two old friends rejoin him.
429	Farscape	What Was Lost: Sacrifice (1)	Action	9.3	Elack arrives at a planet and Crichton, Chiana and Rygel are reunited with D'Argo and Jool who are at an archaeological site run by Jool's people, the Interions. The purpose of the dig is to find a missing probe which might reverse the dangerous atmosphere of the planet. But things take a turn for the worse when Peacekeepers led by Grayza land on the planet.
429	Farscape	What Was Lost: Resurrection (2)	Action	9.3	When D'Argo and Sikozu come up with a plan to crash Elack (the dying Leviathan) into the Peacekeeper pursuit craft, Crichton is forced to get closer with Grayza to ensure the success of the plan. But when the plan goes wrong Crichton and the rest of the crew are forced to go looking for the third probe to end the magnetic summer forever.
429	Farscape	Lava's a Many Splendored Thing	Action	9.3	While the crew has stopped off on a planet, Rygel leaves the rest of the group and is caught in an unbreakable orange substance as he's stealing treasures he discovers in a cave. When D'Argo, Crichton and Noranti go looking for Rygel, the cave seals them in. Two huge grunts appear who have protective armor which protects them from weapons fires.
429	Farscape	Promises	Action	9.3	D'Argo, Rygel, Crichton, Chiana and Sikozu get back to Moya, only to find that Scorpius is there waiting for them along with Aeryn, now suffering from heat delirium. Aeryn has granted Scorpius asylum and claims that Scorpius saved her life.
429	Farscape	Natural Election	Action	9.3	While in close proximity to a wormhole, Moya is preoccupied and doesn't notice a slowly moving object heading towards her. Moya collides with the object which then covers her entire hull, causing great discomfort to her as well as the crew.
429	Farscape	John Quixote	Action	9.3	While on a transport pod, Chiana nags Crichton to try out a virtual reality game. A transmission comes through from D'Argo concerning a problem with Scorpius. Despite this, Chiana pulls Crichton into one of the games, where they become trapped., and the only way out is to complete the game.
429	Farscape	I Shrink Therefore I Am	Action	9.3	A group of bounty hunters come aboard Moya and take everyone hostage. When Crichton arrives back with Noranti, he destroys the bounty hunter's ship and goes aboard Moya to rescue everyone whilst Noranti puts herself into a coma so she can survive outside the ship.
429	Farscape	A Prefect Murder	Action	9.3	With Moya immobilized in Tormented Space, Crichton, Aeryn, Chiana, D'Argo and Sikozu seek temporary respite on a planet inhabited by historically warring clans who are now experiencing a fragile peace. The crew's arrival coincides with preparations for the election of a new ruler, or 'Prefect'. Incumbent Prefect Falaak is at the end of his half cycle in power, and reluctant to concede it. Popular clan leader Gashaah looks the likely successor, but faces a strong challenge from the Chieftan of the Jabuka Clan. Aeryn begins experiencing strange hallucinations, then without warning opens fire upon a meeting of the clans; when it is over, Gaashah lies amongst the dead, D'Argo wounded. She escapes during the confusion, leaving her crewmates under suspicion.
429	Farscape	Coup by Clam	Action	9.3	The crew consume food, sharing amongst themselves, unaware that if these special mollusks are not ingested by the same person, it becomes toxic. Consequently, they must quickly find a cure or they'll die. Fortunately there's someone who's happy to come through... for a price. But there's more going on here than their own problems, and solving them may be a real drag!
429	Farscape	Unrealized Reality (1)	Action	9.3	Crichton gets sucked into a wormhole while he is studying it, but instead of exiting the wormhole on the other end he becomes trapped with a mysterious man inside the wormhole. The man claims he is a relation of The Ancients who Crichton met before and gave him his wormhole technology. He demonstrates the consequences of wormhole travel to Crichton and forces him to confront the possibility that he may never be able to get home.
429	Farscape	Kansas (2)	Action	9.3	After accidentally returning to Earth, Crichton discovers it he is in 1985 and he has altered the time line, causing his father to be scheduled to fly on the doomed shuttle Challenger.
429	Farscape	Terra Firma (3)	Action	9.3	Moya arrives at Earth in present day, Christmas. The crew show their ships and technology to Earth's scientists. Crichton starts writing a journal. The creature left onboard Moya by Grayza manages to get to Earth where it starts killing and hunting down Crichton.
429	Farscape	Twice Shy	Action	9.3	Moya takes on a new passenger when Chiana insists that they rescue the young female from the men exploiting her. However, they soon learn that Talikaa is not the innocent that she pretends to be, but rather an alien predator in disguise who plans to feed on their neural energy.
429	Farscape	Mental as Anything	Action	9.3	Scorpius signs D'Argo, Crichton and Rygel up for a training camp where the students learn mental discipline by battling in an artificial environment.
429	Farscape	Bringing Home the Beacon	Action	9.3	At a commerce settlement, Aeryn, Chiana, Noranti and Sikozu make a deal for a sensor distorter to shield Moya from detection. Construction will take time, though... leaving them stuck there just as Peacekeepers and Scarrans arrive for a secret diplomatic meeting. As Chiana and Noranti try to avoid detection, Aeryn and Sikozu do some spying. Grayza makes the Scarrans a surprising offer to ensure peace... endangering many innocent lives in the process. War Minister Ahkna has some surprises of her own... forcing Aeryn and Sikozu to take action.
429	Farscape	A Constellation of Doubt	Action	9.3	Crichton watches a documentary that Moya receives from Earth about their recent visit showing interviews with Crichton's relatives and other people who interacted with the crew.
429	Farscape	Prayer	Action	9.3	Crichton and Scorpius travel to one of the 'unrealized realities' where Crichton believes he heard Stark say "Katratzi". Meanwhile on a Scarran ship, Aeryn resists torture, while protecting herself and her and Crichton's child.
429	Farscape	We're So Screwed: Fetal Attraction (1)	Action	9.3	Moya arrives at a station where the Scarran vessel transporting Aeryn is docked.
429	Farscape	We're So Screwed: Hot to Katratzi (2)	Action	9.3	Moya arrives at Katratzi. Crichton attends the peace talks between the Scarrans and the Peacekeepers... with a nuclear bomb.
429	Farscape	We're So Screwed: La Bomba (3)	Action	9.3	The plan to rescue Scorpius from Katratzi fails and all because of the hybrid himself. He claims it was for the crew's own good, but, regardless, they are now stuck. Most still want to find another way out, but Scorpius reveals some secrets and pushes a plan to strike a major blow against the Scarrans. His target, surprisingly, is the Crystherium Utilia. The crew had better hurry, especially once the Scarrans deactivate Crichton's bomb. Success ends up depending on a secret held by Sikozu. Elsewhere on Katratzi, Rygel and Noranti search for Stark, only to run afoul of his bioloid. Meanwhile, Grayza fears her plans for peace have failed and now threatens to ignite a war.
429	Farscape	Bad Timing	Action	9.3	With their Crystherium stores low, the Scarrans must travel to Earth through a wormhole to replenish their supply, as those flowers grow there. With Pilot's help, Crichton tries to collapse the wormhole leading back to Earth.
430	The X-Files	The X-Files	Science-Fiction	9.1	Two FBI agents, Fox Mulder the believer and Dana Scully the skeptic, investigate the strange and unexplained while hidden forces work to impede their efforts.
430	The X-Files	Pilot	Science-Fiction	9.1	Special Agent Dana Scully is partnered with Special Agent Fox Mulder to validate his work on a special project called The X-Files. While he is a believer in the paranormal, fueled by a lost memory where his sister was abducted by aliens; she is a scientist and prefers to look for rational, logical explanations. Their first case takes them to Oregon, to investigate the unsolved deaths of several high school classmates, which Mulder believes are linked to an alien abduction.
430	The X-Files	Deep Throat	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder and Scully head to Ellens Air Force Base to investigate the mysterious case of a military test pilot who disappeared after experiencing strange psychotic behavior. While on the case, Mulder meets a mysterious man dubbed 'Deep Throat', who claims to have classified information about his investigations into the paranormal.
430	The X-Files	Squeeze	Science-Fiction	9.1	One of Scully's friends from the FBI academy, now working in the Violent Crimes Unit, asks her to assist him on a homicide investigation involving no clear point of entry. Mulder realizes that this is similar to a series of X-Files case that have occurred every thirty years, and joins in the investigation to stop the latest cycle.
430	The X-Files	Conduit	Science-Fiction	9.1	As Section Chief Blevins expresses his concern with the direction of the X-Files department, Mulder becomes obsessed with solving a case that closely parallels an 'encounter' he experienced as a child... the abduction of his kid sister, Samantha.
430	The X-Files	The Jersey Devil	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder's trip to Atlantic City doesn't take him to the glittering casinos or luxury hotels. Instead, he plays a dangerous game of hunter-and-hunted with the maneater that haunts the back alleys and woods surrounding the city. However, it's not long before even Scully, the eternal skeptic, is lured back by the mounting evidence Mulder manages to drag out of tourist-wary local law enforcement agencies.
430	The X-Files	Shadows	Science-Fiction	9.1	When an unseen force commits several murders where a young woman is present, Mulder suspects that it is the spirit of the woman's former boss protecting her, while Scully believes the boss merely faked his own death.
430	The X-Files	Ghost in the Machine	Science-Fiction	9.1	A new intelligence gropes its way to life in the depths of wires and circuit boards - only to find itself perched on the edge of immediate extinction. When it fights back, killing Mulder's former partner in the process, he and Scully must find a way past its considerable defences.
430	The X-Files	Ice	Science-Fiction	9.1	When an Arctic research team mysteriously kills each other and themselves only days after drilling deeper into the ice than ever before, Mulder and Scully accompany a team of doctors and scientists to investigate. They discover an organism which infects living creatures and amplifies the host's feeling of anger and paranoia, and the new team starts to deteriorate as they wonder who among them are killers.
430	The X-Files	Space	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder and Scully are contacted by a communications specialist from NASA who shows them evidence of sabotage in the space programme. Mulder's youthful hero-worship is shaken by the apparent involvement of a high-ranking astronaut.
430	The X-Files	Fallen Angel	Science-Fiction	9.1	When a tract of lonely woodland is cordoned off between laser fences, and rapidly changing explanations are rampant, Mulder's curiosity carries him beyond the bounds of official jurisdiction-and into the middle of a UFO cleanup. Scully's attempts to protect Mulder from himself are only marginally successful, and neither agents seem capable of protecting the one innocent on the scene- Max Fenig.
430	The X-Files	Eve	Science-Fiction	9.1	When two fathers on opposite sides of the country are unexplainably murdered at the exact same time in the exact same way, Mulder and Scully are called in to investigate. When they discover that both of the fathers eight-year-old daughters are identical twins, they realize that something even stranger is going on.
430	The X-Files	Fire	Science-Fiction	9.1	When an old Oxford girlfriend of Mulder's asks for his help in an international case concerning the unexplainable execution of several British dignitaries they encounter an assassin who can produce fire from his bare hands.
430	The X-Files	Beyond the Sea	Science-Fiction	9.1	Scully has a brush with the paranormal when her recently deceased father appears to her in a vision. Meanwhile, Mulder becomes a skeptic when a death row inmate he helped send to prison claims to be a psychic and offers to lead the agents to a serial killer.
430	The X-Files	Gender Bender	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder and Scully investigate a series of murders where the suspect seems to be both male and female. Their investigation leads them to the small town of Stevenston, Massachusetts, where a group called the Kindred have set up a village back in the woods.
430	The X-Files	Lazarus	Science-Fiction	9.1	When FBI Agent Jack Willis is shot during a bank robbery, Agent Scully takes drastic steps to resuscitate him while the bank robber, Warren Dupre dies on the operating table. Afterward, Agent Willis begins to exhibit behavior strangely reminiscent of Dupre.
430	The X-Files	Young at Heart	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder becomes the target of someone from his past, John Barnett, a jewelry store robber with an itchy trigger finger that Mulder sent to prison when he first joined the Bureau. The only problem is that Barnett died four years ago.
430	The X-Files	E.B.E.	Science-Fiction	9.1	A dramatic increase in UFO sightings and a bizarre attack on a transport truck convince Mulder that he's on the trail of a live alien being covertly transported cross-country. For her part, Scully, equally wary of the involvement of the Lone Gunmen as she is of Deep Throat, suspects a rather more earthly explanation.
430	The X-Files	Miracle Man	Science-Fiction	9.1	A rash of deaths under the Miracle Ministry's traveling tent brings Scully and Mulder into the realm of miracles and shysters. When Samuel, reputed raiser of the dead and healer of the sick, indicates he has some knowledge of Mulder's long lost sister, Scully's convinced the young man is setting them up. Mulder isn't so sure.
430	The X-Files	Shapes	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder and Scully travel to an American Indian reservation to investigate the death of an Indian man who was mistaken for a wild animal and may have been the legendary Manitou, a man who can shapeshift into a beast.
430	The X-Files	Darkness Falls	Science-Fiction	9.1	When a group of loggers in the Washington State National Forest disappear in the same way that another group disappeared 50 years ago, Mulder and Scully go along to investigate and find themselves trapped in a cabin surrounded by flesh eating insects that only attack at night.
430	The X-Files	Tooms	Science-Fiction	9.1	Eugene Tooms, the genetic mutant, is released from the sanitarium and Mulder becomes personally involved to ensure that he is caught in the act of getting the last human liver he needs to go into hibernation for another 30 years.
430	The X-Files	Born Again	Science-Fiction	9.1	After a detective and his former partner die in unexplained circumstances, the accidents are linked to a little girl who witnessed both deaths and Mulder believes that she may be the reincarnation of a policeman murdered by his colleagues.
430	The X-Files	Roland	Science-Fiction	9.1	When a series of murders occur among a group of scientists working on advanced propulsion technology, Mulder and Scully are called in to investigate. All evidence seems to point to the janitor Roland, who is mentally handicapped.
430	The X-Files	The Erlenmeyer Flask	Science-Fiction	9.1	When Deep Throat points out a news story about a fugitive who apparently drowned, Mulder and Scully cannot see what makes the case special but they follow it up anyway. With Deep Throat's insistence, they discover evidence of secret government project code-named Purity Control, which uses human test subjects and infects them with extraterrestrial DNA. However, the evidence and everyone who has seen it is quickly being eliminated.
430	The X-Files	Little Green Men	Science-Fiction	9.1	With the X-Files closed, Scully has been assigned as an instructor at the FBI Academy while Mulder is doing menial surveillance work. After meeting with Senator Matheson, one of his supporters in regards to The X-Files, Mulder disobeys orders and heads to an abandoned SETI site in Puerto Rico which has unexplainably reactivated itself and could provide proof of contact with extra-terrestrial life.
430	The X-Files	The Host	Science-Fiction	9.1	AD Skinner sends Mulder to investigate a body which washed into the New Jersey sewer from the ocean. Mulder believes that the basic blue-collar assignment is punishment, but on Skinner's own admission what he discovers is a true X-File.
430	The X-Files	Blood	Science-Fiction	9.1	When several violent deaths in a small farming community are connected by the destruction of digital devices, Mulder believes that people are being driven to kill by the use of subliminal messages in the digital readouts.
430	The X-Files	Sleepless	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder reluctantly accepts a new partner, Agent Alex Krycek, and requests a strange case because someone put an audio tape in his morning paper. When his request is granted they investigate the deaths of several Green Beret soldiers who participated in a sleep deprivation experiment during the Vietnam war. But before long it becomes clear that not one of these men have slept in over 20 years.
430	The X-Files	Duane Barry (1)	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder is called to a hostage situation involving Duane Barry, a former FBI Agent who claims to be an alien abductee and wants to get back to the abduction site with someone who will be taken instead of him. Unfortunately, the someone he eventually chooses is Scully.
430	The X-Files	Ascension (2)	Science-Fiction	9.1	When Mulder finds out that Scully was kidnapped by Duane Barry, he risks the wrath of his superiors and the annoyance of Agent Krycek in order to do whatever it takes to find her. Meanwhile, Krycek is found to be reporting Mulder's activities to the CSM.
430	The X-Files	3	Science-Fiction	9.1	Truly alone for the first time since Scully found her way to the basement of the J. Edger Hoover Building, Mulder throws himself into his work, and into the bizarre world of vampire-fetishist in search of a trio of serial killers. But Mulder finds himself falling for the one woman that may be the prime suspect.
430	The X-Files	One Breath	Science-Fiction	9.1	Scully mysteriously appears in a Washington hospital, alive but in a coma, and Mulder must fight to keep her alive in order to find out what happened to her and who did it to her. Meanwhile, Scully fights her own personal battle as she decides whether to stay or go on to the next world.
430	The X-Files	Firewalker	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder and Scully, reunited at last, head for an active volcano under a geological study and find a deadly life form that can survive in the searing heat of the crater and is killing the scientists to avoid being discovered.
430	The X-Files	Red Museum	Science-Fiction	9.1	While investigating the connection between the abduction of several teenagers and a rural religious cult, Mulder & Scully discover a secret test being performed on the children using the "Purity Control" alien DNA from 'The Erlenmeyer Flask' which leads Mulder to the Crew-Cut Man, Deep Throat's murderer.
430	The X-Files	Excelsis Dei	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder and Scully investigate when the rape and battery of a nurse takes place in a Massachusetts convalescent home. The nurse claims that she was attacked by one of the residents but also claims they were invisible. Mulder and Scully soon discover that it may not be one of the residents after all...
430	The X-Files	Aubrey	Science-Fiction	9.1	When a detective mysteriously uncovers the remains of an FBI agent who disappeared in the 1940s while investigating a murder case similar to a modern-day one she is investigating, Mulder and Scully believe that the original killer had passed his genetic trait of violence to his grandchild.
430	The X-Files	Irresistible	Science-Fiction	9.1	A mortuary worker who gets his thrills from collecting hair and fingernails from the dead begins killing people to expand his collection sets his seriously disturbed sights on Scully.
430	The X-Files	Die Hand die Verletzt	Science-Fiction	9.1	The ritualistic murder of a teenager in a small town gets Mulder and Scully caught up in a secret occult practice within the local school's PTA and a substitute teacher with strange powers.
430	The X-Files	Fresh Bones	Science-Fiction	9.1	While investigating several deaths and murders within a Haitian refugee camp, Mulder and Scully get caught in the middle of a secret war between the camp commander and a Voodoo priest.
430	The X-Files	Colony (1)	Science-Fiction	9.1	After the obituaries of three identical men are e-mailed to Mulder, the agents are contacted by a CIA agent who tells them about a Russian Spy Killer sent to eliminate evidence of Cold War era Russian clones who had infiltrated the American medical establishment.
430	The X-Files	End Game (2)	Science-Fiction	9.1	The alien bounty hunter kidnaps Scully and wants to trade her for Mulder's sister, who is revealed to be a clone herself. After the trade goes badly and Mulder discovers the truth about Samantha, he tracks the bounty hunter to his ship buried in the arctic ice and demands the whereabouts of his real sister.
430	The X-Files	Fearful Symmetry	Science-Fiction	9.1	Invisible animals are rampaging through town, destroying property and trampling a federal employee. On arriving in town, the agents begin their search at a nearby zoo with the distinction of never being the site of live birth. Whether that's because as Mulder suspects, Aliens are 'harvesting'' the young or, as Scully insists, an animal rights group determination to close down the zoo, the only reliable witness appears to be a hand-signing gorilla named Sophie.
430	The X-Files	Død Kalm	Science-Fiction	9.1	When half the crew of a Navy ship abandon their boat in a life raft and are rescued 18 hours later looking about 60 years older than they should be, Mulder suggests that the ship is caught in a time field which is speeding up their aging.
430	The X-Files	Humbug	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder and Scully travel to Gibsonton, Florida, a town built and populated by circus and sideshow performers to investigate the death of Jerald Glazebrook, The Alligator Man. While searching for leads on the killer, the agents come across many bizarre characters including the local sheriff who was once known as Jim Jim, the Dog-Faced Boy.
430	The X-Files	The Calusari	Science-Fiction	9.1	A balloon traveling into the face of the wind isn't much of a clue to launch an investigation into a toddler's death, but, on their arrival, a series of bizarre events convinces Scully they're dealing with a rare form of child abuse. For his part, Mulder thinks answers may be found with a pair of dead roosters and a group of elderly chanters called the Calusari.
430	The X-Files	F. Emasculata	Science-Fiction	9.1	When a plaguelike illness kills 10 men inside a maximum security prison, Scully tries to get into the quarantine site and discover the cause and origin of the contagion, while Mulder and a group of US Marshals track two escapees who may be infected.
430	The X-Files	Soft Light	Science-Fiction	9.1	When people start disappearing, and the case is shoved in her general direction, Detective Kelly Ryan, one of Scully's former students, turns to her old teacher for assistance. Mulder's theories, in fact his very presence, become more and more un-welcome as the body count continues to mount in his general vicinity. Mulder's growing disinclination to share his thoughts on the case in the face of Ryan's- and Scully's!-evident skepticism doesn't endear him to the woman, either.
430	The X-Files	Our Town	Science-Fiction	9.1	After several disappearances in a small town, Mulder and Scully investigate and find hundreds of human bones in the river and discover that the man behind the town's main source of wealth, a chicken processing plant, has found a way to prolong his life through cannibalism.
430	The X-Files	Anasazi (1)	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder obtains what could be the original and uncut MJ documents containing information about the government's knowledge of extraterrestrial life, which could lead him closer to the truth than ever before. But Mulder's enemies make sure he learns that there's a heavy price to pay for his much sought after truth.
430	The X-Files	The Blessing Way (2)	Science-Fiction	9.1	Scully finds her career with the FBI in jeopardy as Mulder is still missing and The Cigarette Smoking Man is pursuing the stolen files. The Navajo elders find Mulder's body in a cave and perform an ancient ceremony to call the spirit back to the empty vessel.
430	The X-Files	Paper Clip (3)	Science-Fiction	9.1	Assistant Director Skinner and Scully are at a standoff when Mulder bursts in and discovers that Skinner has the digital tape. Reunited, Mulder and Scully travel to a secret vault inside a mine and find an elaborate filing system of medical records which reveals that Mulder's sister may not have been the first choice for abduction. Meanwhile, Skinner deals with the Cigarette Smoking Man for their safety.
430	The X-Files	D.P.O.	Science-Fiction	9.1	When a small town chalks up five lightning-related deaths, Mulder suspects something is amiss in rural America. Despite the apparent validity of the autopsy results Mulder asks her to review, Scully, for once finds herself in perfect agreement with her partner- especially when the suspect jump-starts his boss's heart-bare-handed.
430	The X-Files	Clyde Bruckman's Final Repose	Science-Fiction	9.1	In the midst of a psychic sideshow while on a murder case, Mulder and Scully enlist the help of a man who may have a true psychic ability to foresee how people will die to help the agents catch a man killing fortune tellers.
430	The X-Files	The List	Science-Fiction	9.1	No-one takes much notice when a death row inmate vows on the electric chair to come back from the dead and kill 5 men who have wronged him during his time in prison; until a guard is mysteriously murdered in the former inmate's cell.
430	The X-Files	2Shy	Science-Fiction	9.1	A serial killer with unusual tastes is doing his stalking on the internet, luring women to him by capitalizing on their vulnerabilities, using his knack for playing into the most desperate desires. His 'long distance' approach makes apprehension difficult-and complicating Scully and Mulder's investigations further in his habit of digesting his dates, making it nearly impossible to identify his victims.
430	The X-Files	The Walk	Science-Fiction	9.1	After a suicide attempt and multiple murders at a military hospital, Mulder and Scully meet a quadruple amputee who has gained the power of Astral Projection and is taking out his personal frustrations on his commanding officers.
430	The X-Files	Oubliette	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder seeks the help of a woman whom he believes has a special connection with a young girl who has recently been kidnapped by the same man who held her captive many years earlier.
430	The X-Files	Nisei (1)	Science-Fiction	9.1	An investigation into a video of an alien autopsy puts Mulder and Scully in the middle of a conspiracy involving WWII Japanese scientists brought to America to continue their experiments which may shed light on Scully's abduction.
430	The X-Files	731 (2)	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder is trapped inside a train car which contains a suspected alien-human hybrid and also a bomb, while Scully pursues the truth about her abduction and the mystery behind the implant in her neck.
430	The X-Files	Revelations	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder and Scully swap roles as they pursue a man killing priests who claim to have the wounds of Christ. The agents find and must protect a young boy who may be a real stigmatic. While Scully's faith draws her closer to the boy, Mulder is convinced of another explanation.
430	The X-Files	War of the Coprophages	Science-Fiction	9.1	Widespread panic is caused in a small community after numerous deaths are linked to killer cockroaches and a government agricultural agency is discovered to have set up a secret experiment involving insects.
430	The X-Files	Syzygy	Science-Fiction	9.1	A rare planetary alignment causes strange behaviour in the residents of a small town but particularly in two teenage girls who were born at the exact same moment on that particular date.
430	The X-Files	Grotesque	Science-Fiction	9.1	A serial killer is captured after a three year manhunt and he claims an evil spirit is responsible for the crimes. When the killings continue as he sits in jail, Mulder's battle with a former colleague gets more heated when he suggests that something more paranormal may be involved.
430	The X-Files	Piper Maru (1)	Science-Fiction	9.1	A French salvage ship searching for a lost WWII fighter plane unknowingly surfaces an alien which appears in the form of black oil and has the ability to jump hosts. Mulder heads to Hong Kong to investigate the salvage broker who sold the information to the French and he encounters Krycek, who has been selling information from the MJ Documents. As Mulder prepares to take Krycek back to the US, the alien makes its way to Hong Kong and takes control of Krycek.
430	The X-Files	Apocrypha (2)	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder pursues Krycek, not knowing about the alien that has taken over his body, to get back the DAT tape containing the MJ Documents. Meanwhile, the shooting of AD Skinner uncovers evidence that could lead Scully to her sister's murderer.
430	The X-Files	Pusher	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder and Scully are asked to help in a case involving Robert Patrick Modell, a murderer possessing a psychic ability to force his will onto people. Due to a brain tumor that is slowly killing him, he is searching for a "worthy adversary" and he forces Mulder into a battle of mind over matter.
430	The X-Files	Teso dos Bichos	Science-Fiction	9.1	When a series of deaths occur immediately after an ancient artefact is brought to Boston from an excavation site in South America, Scully believes the deaths appear to be the result of political terrorism, but Mulder suspects something more improbable. He thinks that the deaths are linked to a shaman spirit released by the Ecuadorian Amaru urn.
430	The X-Files	Hell Money	Science-Fiction	9.1	The deaths of several Chinese men found to be missing vital internal organs that were removed prior to death leads Mulder and Scully to a deadly Chinatown lottery where men wager their body parts for a chance to win a cash jackpot.
430	The X-Files	Jose Chung's From Outer Space	Science-Fiction	9.1	An alien abduction of two teenagers with different versions of the same facts prompts a science-fiction novelist to write a book about the incident. However no one involved with the investigation can tell him the full story with any accuracy.
430	The X-Files	Avatar	Science-Fiction	9.1	During a one-night stand in the midst of his divorce, AD Skinner becomes a murder suspect, and Mulder and Scully return the many favors that he has done for them by analyzing evidence that someone doesn't want uncovered to prove his innocence.
430	The X-Files	Quagmire	Science-Fiction	9.1	When a series of mysterious deaths and disappearances are reported near a lake in a small town, Agents Mulder and Scully are called in to investigate. With local folklore of a killer sea serpent running rampant amongst the locals, the agents must take their search for the truth to the water. But before long the agents find out that there may be more to the legend then they first thought.
430	The X-Files	Wetwired	Science-Fiction	9.1	After a man kills three people and his wife because he mistook them for a ruthless Bosnian dictator, Mulder and Scully discover a test involving mind control using television signals that make people's worst fears become real in any form.
430	The X-Files	Talitha Cumi (1)	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder and Scully search for a mysterious man with the power to heal, whose actions risk exposing the existence of aliens on Earth. Meanwhile a confrontation between Mrs. Mulder and the CSM leads Mulder to the discovery of the only weapon which can kill the aliens.
430	The X-Files	Herrenvolk (2)	Science-Fiction	9.1	Jeremiah Smith and Mulder are on the run from the alien bounty hunter and Smith takes Mulder to a small farm tended to by identical sets of children and all the girls are clones of his sister when she was still a child. Mulder prepares to take Jeremiah and one of the clones to see his mother in hospital but the bounty hunter catches up with them and kills Jeremiah. Meanwhile, the Syndicate suspects that they have a traitor in their midst and plan a trap which results in X being executed by the CSM.
430	The X-Files	Home	Science-Fiction	9.1	A baby is found buried alive in shallow ground and appears to have birth defects resulting from generations of inbreeding, leading Mulder and Scully to a reclusive family who have a history of inbred children.
430	The X-Files	Teliko	Science-Fiction	9.1	After several African-American men are killed and the color is drained from their skin, Mulder learns about the Teliko, an African folktale about a creature who must suck the pigmentation from a person's body in order to survive.
430	The X-Files	Unruhe	Science-Fiction	9.1	Several kidnappings of young women linked by distorted photographs lead Mulder and Scully to a man who can imprint his darkest fantasies onto undeveloped film and is trying to save the women from the 'Howlers'.
430	The X-Files	The Field Where I Died	Science-Fiction	9.1	After an FBI raid on a doomsday cult called the "Temple of the Seven Stars." Mulder meets Melissa, a cultist who claims to have known him in a previous life during the American Civil War. Scully believes the woman is a delusional schizophrenic but Mulder allows himself to be drawn into her fantasies.
430	The X-Files	Sanguinarium	Science-Fiction	9.1	When a series of bizarre murders take place in a hospital's plastic surgery unit, Mulder finds a link to the four witches Sabbaths. This leads Mulder and Scully to question if supernatural forces maybe responsible when they begin to suspect a nurse of practicing witchcraft and causing the deaths of the patients.
430	The X-Files	Musings of a Cigarette-Smoking Man	Science-Fiction	9.1	Frohike pieces together and recites to Mulder and Scully what could be the possible life story of the Cigarette Smoking Man; from a young captain in the US Army recruited to assassinate President Kennedy, to becoming the mysterious man in the shadows at the height of a global conspiracy. What measures will the CSM take to ensure that he remains a mystery forever?
430	The X-Files	Tunguska (1)	Science-Fiction	9.1	A rock sample taken from Mars is intercepted at an airport and infects a security officer with the Black Cancer, while Mulder is given a tip about potentially dangerous paramilitary operations but is doubtful when the informant turns out to be Alex Krycek. Reluctantly, Mulder accepts Krycek's help and tracks the rock to Russia where he discovers an elaborate test being performed by Russian scientists.
430	The X-Files	Terma (2)	Science-Fiction	9.1	While imprisoned in Russia and infected with the Black Cancer, Mulder learns that Krycek is working with the men responsible and everything has been a setup from the start, while Scully and Skinner are called to a suspicious Senate hearing where the only question is the whereabouts of Agent Mulder.
430	The X-Files	Paper Hearts	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder's dreams help him in finding the body of a little girl which re-opens one of his old cases in the Violent Crimes Unit and leads him to believe the killer he captured had more victims and may have taken his sister many years before.
430	The X-Files	El Mundo Gira	Science-Fiction	9.1	When a deadly yellow rain falls in a migrant workers camp and kills a young woman, Agents Mulder and Scully come to investigate what happened. After questioning the family the agents learn that they believe a mythical creature is responsible for the death and before long Mulder and Scully are on the trail of a mythical beast known as El Chupacabra. Mulder and Scully have to work out where the beast will go next before it can kill anyone else.
430	The X-Files	Leonard Betts	Science-Fiction	9.1	After the body of a decapitated EMT disappears from the morgue and an identical man starts work at the same hospital, Mulder believes that the man has the ability to regrow parts of his body, including his head. The agents soon discover that Betts' body is riddled with cancer and he is able to live in that condition but needs to feed on cancerous tumors to keep up his strength.
430	The X-Files	Never Again	Science-Fiction	9.1	While Mulder is forced to take a vacation he leaves Scully with an assignment to keep her busy until he returns. She however, decides to start living and goes on a date with a man who believes that his tattoo talks to him and is telling him to stay away from other women.
430	The X-Files	Memento Mori	Science-Fiction	9.1	Scully's recent failing health is revealed to be inoperable brain cancer which is common among abductees. She meets with other abductees with the same condition and forms a special bond with a dying woman, while Mulder tries to save her from a doctor who may be connected with the abductions.
430	The X-Files	Kaddish	Science-Fiction	9.1	Issac Luria, a Jewish man, is killed by a group of teenagers working for a racist shopowner, but one of them is soon strangled to death and the fingerprints on his neck are of Issac. Despite other factors, Mulder becomes convinced that the man has returned from the dead to exact revenge.
430	The X-Files	Unrequited	Science-Fiction	9.1	When a US military general is unexplainably murdered in the back of his limousine, a paramilitary group is suspected and they believe it was a soldier whom they liberated from a Vietnam POW camp and is plotting to kill certain corrupt military figures.
430	The X-Files	Tempus Fugit (1)	Science-Fiction	9.1	While celebrating Scully's 33rd birthday, a strange woman informs Mulder that NICAP member Max Fenig (see Fallen Angel) has recently died in a plane crash. After a visit to the crash site and finding Max's body with radiation burns on it, Mulder suggests that the plane was intercepted by a UFO and is rapidly being covered up by the military.
430	The X-Files	Max (2)	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder is arrested for investigating the plane crash and interfering with a military operation, while Scully is caught in an attempted assassination of Corporal Frish which claims the life of Agent Pendrell. Scully bails Mulder out of prison and they go to Max Fenig's trailer to find out why he was on the plane. Mulder finds evidence of alien technology and boards a plane with it but the plane is intercepted mid-flight and it disappears. Mulder is again left with nothing.
430	The X-Files	Synchrony	Science-Fiction	9.1	A case involving a strange old man warning two scientists of events in the immediate future which come to pass; and the use of their experimental flash-freezing compound that does not exist yet, has Mulder believing that one of the scientists has come from the future to stop his own scientific breakthrough from becoming reality.
430	The X-Files	Small Potatoes	Science-Fiction	9.1	Five babies in the same town are all born with tails and the local OB-GYN is blamed for tampering with fertilised eggs. However, Mulder discovers the culprit to be a simple man with a genetic deformity who may have the ability to alter his appearance.
430	The X-Files	Zero Sum	Science-Fiction	9.1	Skinner destroys evidence to cover up a woman's death and poses as Agent Mulder to complete the task. Mulder finds out about Skinner's deception and confronts him and Skinner reveals that he is working for the Cigarette Smoking Man in order to obtain a possible cure for Scully's cancer.
430	The X-Files	Elegy	Science-Fiction	9.1	After a man sees a woman trapped inside a bowling alley pin setter, he goes for help and finds police standing next to the body of the same woman. Mulder and Scully join the investigation and follow up this lead which the police won't bother with and they are led to a retarded man who works at the bowling alley.
430	The X-Files	Demons	Science-Fiction	9.1	Mulder undergoes an experimental form of hypnotherapy to recover his memories about his sister's abduction but the treatment has side effects including psychotic behaviour and Mulder wakes up one morning in a motel room with someone else's blood all over him.
430	The X-Files	Gethsemane (1)	Science-Fiction	9.1	While investigating the discovery of a preserved alien body found in the mountains of Canada, Mulder is contacted by Michael Kritschgau who tells him about a government conspiracy not to keep alien activity a secret, but to make people believe in them without question and Mulder has been the prime target. With the idea that everything he believes is a lie, Mulder appears to take his own life.
431	Friends	Friends	Comedy	8.4	Six young people from New York, on their own and struggling to survive in the real world, find the companionship, comfort and support they get from each other to be the perfect antidote to the pressures of life.
432	Dollhouse	Dollhouse	Action	7.5	Joss Whedon, creator of groundbreaking cult favorites "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Firefly," returns to television and reunites with fellow "Buffy" alumna Eliza Dushku in DOLLHOUSE. Echo is an "Active," a member of a highly illegal and underground group of individuals who have had their personalities wiped clean so they can be imprinted with any number of new personas. Hired by the wealthy, powerful and connected, the Actives don't just perform their hired roles; they wholly become - with mind, personality and physiology - whomever the client wants or needs them to be. Whether imprinted to be a lover, an assassin, a corporate negotiator or a best friend, the Actives know no other life than the specific engagements they are in at that time.
432	Dollhouse	Ghost	Action	7.5	In the series premiere episode, Echo is hired by a businessman to be the ultimate kidnapping negotiator when his young daughter is abducted. Meanwhile, FBI Agent Paul Ballard risks his career in his search for the elusive Dollhouse.
432	Dollhouse	The Target	Action	7.5	Echo is imprinted to be the female counterpart to an avid outdoorsman and quickly learns how the hunter becomes the hunted during her wilderness adventure. Agent Ballard receives a clue to Echo's real identity, encouraging him to continue his investigation, while flashbacks reveal the tragic events at the Dollhouse that led to Boyd's arrival and Dr. Saunders' scars.
432	Dollhouse	Stage Fright	Action	7.5	To protect a volatile pop star from an obsessed fan, Echo goes undercover as her new backup singer. Meanwhile, Agent Ballard is led down a dangerously wrong path in his investigation, and Lubov harbors a secret.
432	Dollhouse	Gray Hour	Action	7.5	Echo's stint as a midwife doesn't prove as laborious as when she becomes an expert safe-cracker, and more than an invaluable piece of art is stolen from her on the engagement, forcing Sierra to take on a familiar persona. Agent Ballard gives Lubov an ultimatum, and Adelle confides shocking information to Topher.
432	Dollhouse	True Believer	Action	7.5	Imprinted as a visually impaired woman, Echo must infiltrate a heavily guarded cult in order to rescue a woman held against her will.
432	Dollhouse	Man On The Street	Action	7.5	Echo becomes the perfect wife for a lonely internet mogul, and Sierra's attacker is revealed. Meanwhile, Mellie's life is in danger and Agent Ballard's investigation takes a surprising turn when he comes face-to-face and goes fist-to-fist with Echo for the first very time.
432	Dollhouse	Echoes	Action	7.5	Deadly virus outbreak on a college campus sends Echo back to school where pieces of her past come into focus.
432	Dollhouse	Needs	Action	7.5	When Echo, Sierra and Victor awaken in the Dollhouse with most of their original personalities and memories intact, Echo leads the charge to free the Actives from their apparent captivity and escape the Dollhouse forever. Meanwhile, Ballard discovers the Dollhouse is closer than he thinks.
432	Dollhouse	Spy In The House Of Love	Action	7.5	When a traitor is discovered inside the Dollhouse, Echo and Sierra are programmed as spy hunters to uncover the culprit. Meanwhile, Ballard receives surprising news from Mellie, and Adelle harbors a secret.
432	Dollhouse	Haunted	Action	7.5	When Adelle's wealthy friend is murdered, Adelle imprints Echo with the woman's memories and personality to solve the case. Ballard looks into Mellie's past, and Topher secretly programs Sierra for an engagement.
432	Dollhouse	Briar Rose	Action	7.5	Ballard's investigation leads him to the agoraphobic designer of the Dollhouse, and the story of "Sleeping Beauty" foreshadows Echo's future, while allowing her to help a young girl deal with her traumatic past. Adelle goes to the attic in search of answers, while Alpha reveals himself and sets his game in motion.
432	Dollhouse	Omega	Action	7.5	Alpha's reign of terror continues as his obsession with Echo endangers Caroline's survival, and Ballard's search for the Dollhouse comes to an end, forcing him to make a life-changing decision. Meanwhile, one Doll is permanently deactivated while another's shocking past is revealed.
432	Dollhouse	Vows	Action	7.5	Picking up a few months after the first season finale, Echo, who now sporadically remembers past "imprints" due to Alpha's machinations, weds a wealthy and charismatic British businessmen tied to one of Agent Ballard's open FBI cases. Dr. Saunders struggles with being an Active and makes Topher the target of her aggression, and Boyd mixes business with pleasure in a risky venture. Meanwhile, Adelle makes Ballard an offer he can't refuse.
432	Dollhouse	Instinct	Action	7.5	When Echo is imprinted as a mother with a newborn baby, she takes too strongly to motherhood as a result of Topher's modifications. Meanwhile, Adelle pays November a visit, and Perrin ramps up his investigation into the Rossum Corporation.
432	Dollhouse	Belle Chose	Action	7.5	Echo and Victor's imprints collide when Echo is sent on an assignment as a fun-loving, seductive college student and Victor is imprinted as the psychotic nephew of a Dollhouse shareholder.
432	Dollhouse	Belonging	Action	7.5	Sierra is forced to face her past as her connection to the Rossum Corporation leads to obsession and murder.
432	Dollhouse	The Left Hand	Action	7.5	Echo is sent to stop Senator Daniel Perrin before he can expose the Dollhouse's secrets, and Adelle and Topher travel to the Washington, D.C. Dollhouse to meet its genius programmer, Bennett Halverson, a woman with a mysterious past connection to Echo. In the second hour, Echo and Bennett have a shocking meeting as Adelle goes head-to-head with the ruthless head of the Washington, D.C. Dollhouse. Meanwhile, Topher sees double when he involves Victor in his espionage, and Perrin finds a surprising witness to testify against the Rossum Corporation.
432	Dollhouse	Meet Jane Doe	Action	7.5	In the aftermath of her entanglements at the D.C. Dollhouse, Echo finds herself out in the world struggling to keep her multiple personalities under control. Adelle finds her grip on the house challenged by Harding, and Boyd receives a mysterious phone call. Meanwhile, when Echo's past romantic engagements are murdered, suspicion falls on Alpha, whose return leaves one member of the house permanently mind-wiped.
432	Dollhouse	Stop-Loss	Action	7.5	As his contract with the Dollhouse expires, Victor is released back into the world, where his military past threatens his future with Sierra. Meanwhile, Echo is deemed too dangerous and is sent into her worst nightmare.
432	Dollhouse	Getting Closer	Action	7.5	Topher races to reconstruct Echo's original personality and memories when Adelle realizes they are the key to adverting a devastating future. Meanwhile, Echo and Bennett's shared past and the identity of the Rossum's Corpration's mysterious leader are revealed.
432	Dollhouse	The Hollow Men	Action	7.5	Sacrifices are made when Echo leads her crew to Arizona to dismantle the Rossum Corporation's mainframe.
432	Dollhouse	Epitaph 2: The Return	Action	7.5	Picking up from the events depicted in "Epitaph One," the "lost" episode of DOLLHOUSE, and set in the year 2020, Echo and her surviving Dollhouse crew attempt to restore order to a devastating future world before mankind is eliminated.
433	Caprica	Caprica	Drama	7.5	Set 58 years before Battlestar Galactica, Caprica follows two rival families - the Graystones and the Adamas - as they grow, compete, and thrive in the vibrant world of the peaceful 12 Colonies, living in a society close to our own. Entangled in the burgeoning technology of artificial intelligence and robotics that will eventually lead to the creation of the Cylons, the two houses go toe-to-toe, blending action with corporate conspiracy and sexual politics. Caprica will deliver intrigue, political backbiting and family conflict in television's first science fiction family saga.Daniel Graystone, a computer genius, is owner of a large computer corporation that is spearheading the development of artificial intelligence. He and his wife Amanda, who's a brilliant surgeon, are both relentless in their scientific pursuits. The Adama clan is helmed by Joseph Adama, a renowned criminal defense attorney and father of future Battlestar commander William Adama. When tragedy strikes both families, lines are drawn that will determine the fate of the human race.
434	Warehouse 13	Warehouse 13	Comedy	8.7	After saving the life of the President, two Secret Service agents find themselves abruptly transferred to Warehouse 13 -- a massive, top-secret storage facility in windswept South Dakota that houses every strange artifact, mysterious relic, fantastical object and supernatural souvenir ever collected by the U.S. government. The Warehouse's caretaker Artie charges Pete and Myka with chasing down reports of supernatural and paranormal activity in search of new objects to cache at the Warehouse, as well as helping him to control the warehouse, itself. Rounding out the team is technology specialist Claudia and former ATF Steve Jinks.
435	Smallville	Smallville	Drama	8.7	The end of the beginning starts here. Taking flight in its tenth and final season, this modern retelling of a hero's legendary origins continues to blend realism, action, heart and humor as Clark Kent soars toward claiming his birthright. Clark has emerged from his darkest hour, only to find the path to his destiny blocked by ghosts from the past -- shadows in the present tempting Clark toward the darkness at every turn. Despite insurmountable odds, is Clark strong enough to step into the light and claim his rightful place as Earth's mightiest protector?
435	Smallville	Nicodemus	Drama	8.7	Dr. Hamilton irradiates an extinct flower with meteor radiation, releasing an infection that causes uninhibited behavior, coma, and death... and Jonathan and Lana are among its victims.
436	Dead Like Me	Dead Like Me	Drama	8.3	You're about to be collected. When an errant toilet seat from the falling Mir space station puts an abrupt end to her life, George discovers that death is nothing like she thought it would be. Recruited to collect the souls of others as they die, she suddenly finds herself an unwilling participant in a line of work she never knew existed: Grim Reaping!
437	Xena: Warrior Princess	Xena: Warrior Princess	Action	8.2	"In a time of ancient gods, warlords, and kings, a land in turmoil cried out for a hero. She was Xena, a mighty princess, forged in the heat of battle.The power...the passion...the danger...Her courage will change the world"The spin-off from "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys" Xena is a feisty and fearless warrior princess who fights everything evil along with her sidekick Gabrielle in "Xena: Warrior Princess".
439	Wolverine and the X-Men	Wolverine and the X-Men	Action	7.5	After a mysterious explosion at the Xavier mansion, and the resulting disappearances of Professor Xavier and Jean Grey, the distraught X-Men disband. But soon, Wolverine, Storm. Beast and the others find themselves together again to battle the increasingly powerful Mutant Response Division, and to prevent a catastrophic future that Xavier has warned must never come to pass.
440	Everwood	Everwood	Drama	8.0	As a world-class neurosurgeon, Dr. Andrew Brown is a hero. As a father, he's a zero. But that is changing. Tragedy makes him a single parent to his two children. And as the first act of his new life, Andy leaves Manhattan and moves his family to Everwood, the tiny Colorado town where big dreams can grow.
443	Once a Thief	Once a Thief	Action	8.5	Once a Thief is a canadian action/comedy show loosely based and inspired by the John Woo movie of the same name.
444	XIII: The Series	XIII: The Series	Action	8.3	XIII: The Series is a follow up to the TV movie: XIII: The Prodigy. A man suffering from amnesia tries to uncover his past in this action filled canadian show.
445	Metal Hurlant Chronicles	Metal Hurlant Chronicles	Action	5.3	Based on the popular comics anthology Metal Hurlan, each of the 12-episodes (comprising Seasons 1 & 2) take place on a different planet with a different cast, linked together by the presence of an asteroid, which plays a vital role in their lives - and the future of their civilization.
445	Metal Hurlant Chronicles	King's Crown	Action	5.3	In an alternate universe, a tournament is held, to determine the successor sovereign. The fighting takes place under the eyes of the king robot.
445	Metal Hurlant Chronicles	Shelter Me	Action	5.3	A woman regains consciousness in a bomb shelter. Her only companion, a man tells her that the end of the world just happened.
445	Metal Hurlant Chronicles	Red Light / Cold Hard Facts	Action	5.3	A man tries to escape from a prison located on a distant planet. In 2312, scientists discovered a cryogenically frozen man of the twentieth century.
445	Metal Hurlant Chronicles	Three on a Match	Action	5.3	Three survivors on a sinking spaceship, competing for scarce oxygen supply on their rescue shuttle whose hull is damaged.
445	Metal Hurlant Chronicles	Master of Destiny	Action	5.3	Two mercenaries are found on the planet Masters of Doom, which, according to legend, know the date of death of all living beings.
445	Metal Hurlant Chronicles	Pledge of Anya	Action	5.3	A demon has escaped and is about to surface in humans. A warrior is sending to the world of mortals.
445	Metal Hurlant Chronicles	The Endomorphe	Action	5.3	When a world is devastated by intergalactic war, a savior is sought
445	Metal Hurlant Chronicles	Whiskey In The Jar	Action	5.3	A small-town sheriff receives a visit from a doctor with a talent for saving lives. But there may be more to the "talent" than meets the eye.
445	Metal Hurlant Chronicles	Second Chance	Action	5.3	A notorious gangster is chased by the galaxy's most notorious creditor. Will he escape?
445	Metal Hurlant Chronicles	Loyal Khondor	Action	5.3	A warrior attempts to find a cure for his Princess from the cold disease.
445	Metal Hurlant Chronicles	Second Son	Action	5.3	wo brothers battle it out over a kingdom.
445	Metal Hurlant Chronicles	Back To Reality	Action	5.3	A so-called "dream fixer" helps his wealthy clients transport themselves into new realities and worlds.
446	Defying Gravity	Defying Gravity	Drama	7.5	Hurtling into the vast challenge of infinite space, the eight astronauts and the ground personnel who support them are on a mission that has a powerful and awesome mystery at its core. The intimate and interconnected relationships among the astronauts and the ground crew, as well as their past actions, have a strangely karmic effect on the present. Episodes are divided between the present, as the Antares travels towards Venus, and the past, with flashbacks to earlier years when the astronauts were in the grueling selection and training process.
446	Defying Gravity	Pilot	Drama	7.5	Under the command of two experienced astronauts, a relatively untested crew set off on the Antares, a six year mission to seven planets in our solar system. The two senior astronauts, Maddux Donner and Ted Shaw, are a last minute substitute when those assigned to the mission are removed for medical reasons. Both had been on a mission to Mars 10 years before where they were forced to leave two of their party behind. Several others on the flight are also carrying personal baggage including Zoe Barnes, who is haunted by the sounds of a crying baby.
446	Defying Gravity	Natural Selection	Drama	7.5	En route to Venus, the first of six planets to be visited on the mission, Zoe faces a deadly situation when she is testing a pressure suit and it begins to lose pressure. In flashbacks, we learn how Zoe dealt with the news she was pregnant and the identity of the father. Nadia wonders just why Steven is on the mission in the first place. From ground control, Eve Shaw tells he pilot husband Ted he has to go to Pod #4.
446	Defying Gravity	Threshold	Drama	7.5	As instructed, Ted visits Pod 4 and is so disturbed by the experience that he is barely able to function. His wife Eve and one other person are the only ones to have been selected by the pod, as she explains it, and it is trying to communicate with him. He retreats to his room and provides little leadership, particularly when Donner determines there is a problem with the lander and he begins to suspect there is more going on than meets the eye. When Mission Control medical officer Claire Deroux discovers the crew is undergoing genetic changes, Eve reveals their well-kept secret. Having undergone various tests Ajay learns his fate.
446	Defying Gravity	H2IK (Hell If I Know)	Drama	7.5	The crew of the Antares has to scramble when systems begin to fail and they are unable to get them back on line. Unaware that Ajay has been sacked, they fail to understand why he isn't at the control center helping them out. In flashbacks, it's revealed that Ajay had actually worked at the company that built the space ship and there are few, if anyone, in the ISO who knows more about the ship than he does. Paula Morales has recovered from her bout of space sickness and resumes her teaching lessons from space. Nadia Schilling continues to try and entice Maddox Donner but he isn't too cooperative.
446	Defying Gravity	Rubicon	Drama	7.5	The Antares and the crew approach their Rubicon - the point of no return at which they can longer return to Earth without first going all the way to Venus. Donner is tasked with ensuring all systems are nominal but is having difficulty with one particular system. He finds the problem, but it leaves Ted wondering just how he did it. Ted tells the crew that they are all to put an item of personal value into a time capsule and several have difficulty parting with the items they have selected. In flashbacks we continue to follow the crew through training and they receive their first performance report. Zoe still hasn't decided what to do about her pregnancy but is considering her options. An unexpected visit from her mother doesn't make her life any less complicated.
446	Defying Gravity	Bacon	Drama	7.5	Dr. Evram Mintz's post-traumatic stress disorder is continuing to affect his performance aboard the Antares. His ability to perform under pressure becomes critical when Paula Morales has a serious accident in the cargo bay. For Paula, the accident may result in her being unable to pilot the Venus lander. Ajay returns to work at Mission Control. In flashbacks, the source of Mintz's PTSD is explained. Donner's major phobia is revealed during a hospital visit. The old-timers on the visit start a pool as to just how long Donner will stay on his feet. Zoe decides what she is going to do about her pregnancy but complications arise.
446	Defying Gravity	Fear	Drama	7.5	It's Hollowe'en and the crew are going to make a commercial, the first of 8 during their voyage, for a candy bar company that is also a major sponsor of the mission. Several of the crew begin to have hallucinations: Zoe is still hearing a crying baby; Donner continues to see Mars dust on instruments; Nadia sees a shadowy figure moving about their quarters; Paula sees her pet dog; and on Earth, even Eve is seeing things. Eve thinks that the sentient force on board the Antares wants to be revealed. Zoe and Connor realize they've been having the same dream. In flashbacks, Zoe has recovered from the termination of her pregnancy, but feels that everybody of watching her. Ted tells Eve exactly what happened on the earlier Mars mission.
446	Defying Gravity	Love, Honor, Obey	Drama	7.5	Now only a week away from arriving at Venus, the crew are still puzzled by the hallucinations they've had. When Zoe hears the crying child, she and Donner follow it to Pod 4 but find they have no access. Donner challenges Ted to explain what is going on but are interrupted when they must all seek shelter due to an impending radiation burst from a solar flare. With the crisis averted, Goss orders Ted not to reveal Beta's presence in Pod 4 but he must decide what is in the best interest of his crew. In a flashback to training, Ted tells Connor what Eve told them about their Mars mission. The recruits also undergo painful obedience training.
446	Defying Gravity	Eve Ate the Apple	Drama	7.5	Having finally been given access to Pod 4, the crew of the Antares come face to face with the Beta object. Eve Shaw recounts how, as a 22 year-old aid worker in South America, she came across the object. She has now devoted 15 years of her life to its study and for the first time, the crew learns the true purpose of their 6 year mission. They also learn that it is the Beta object that selected them for the mission and that for whatever reason, their hallucinations are all based on fears from their past. For Donner and Ted, the new mission may be related to their own mission to Mars 10 years ago. That secrets have been kept does cause friction between Eve and Ted and also between Jen and Rollie, who was also in on the secret
446	Defying Gravity	Deja Vu	Drama	7.5	Some of the crew still harbor ill-feelings over being kept in the dark about the Beta object and the true purpose of their mission. Donner fears that they are re-creating the events that led to the disaster on Mars 10 years before and in flashbacks, more of what happened there is revealed. Donner is convinced that he should pilot the Venus lander, but Paula only has to complete her final simulated runs to get clearance to land. Nadia is seriously questioning why they are there. Jen Crane still isn't on speaking terms with her husband Rollie but finally admits that she can't see the Beta object. Rollie is distracted by their spat, leading to a serious accident.
446	Defying Gravity	Solitary	Drama	7.5	It's now less than 24 hours before the Venus landing and tension is rising among the crew and ground control. With Paula's inability to pilot the lander due to the damage to her thumb, Connor is assigned the task but he too is having great difficulty with the various simulations. Zoe remembers something he told her long ago that helps him out. At Mission Control, Goss is having to get Rollie out of jail and his car accident. His lack of contact is having a effect on Jen. The medical information indicates that the crews' gene structure is mutating but Eve Shaw won't let Claire tell them about it since there's nothing that can be done about it.
446	Defying Gravity	Venus	Drama	7.5	The Antares arrives at Venus and Zoe and Donner prepare to travel down to the planet on the landing craft, the Crossbow. With only 20 minutes to collect the Gamma object and return, the mission may have to be aborted when the Crossbow lands too far from the planned landing site. At Mission Control, Rollie is still upset over the accident. Journalist Trevor Williams keeps working on Arnel Poe to reveal what he knows about the Venus mission. Claire sends Evram Mintz the information she has on the transformation the crew is undergoing. In flashbacks, the final 20 candidates for astronaut training are revealed and the list doesn't include one of the current crew members.
446	Defying Gravity	Kiss	Drama	7.5	Despite the fact that she has too little time to collect the Gamma object and return to the Crossbow in the allotted time Zoe, driven by her hallucination of the crying baby, decides to collect the object regardless. For Donner, it all proves to be eerily reminiscent of the Mars expedition 10 years before but it also provides a major revelation for Donner when he finally learns about Zoe's pregnancy. Paula remembers something painful from her childhood. Rollie decides to face the consequences of his car accident. Arnel Poe decides what to do about journalist Trevor Williams' approach for inside information.
448	The Universe	The Universe	Adventure	none	From the planets to the stars and out to the edge of the unknown, history and science collide in this epic exploration of the Universe and its mysteries. It's a very old universe. Yet just 50 years since man first ventured into outer space, the heavens are yielding their greatest secrets. Robotic rovers give us eyes on the red rock of Mars--NASA probes slam into comets at hyper speed--deep-space telescopes capture violent images of the birth of stars and their collapse into black holes. All have significantly changed the way we see ourselves. We wonder, is there anywhere else out there that that can support life? Using cutting-edge computer graphics, this series brings the universe down to earth to show what life would be like on other planets, and to imagine what kind of life forms might evolve in alien atmospheres. Episodes examine how discoveries were made and the scientists and explorers who dared to venture into the uncharted territory of the universe.
450	Wolf Lake	Wolf Lake	Fantasy	7.0	Seattle police detective John Kanin (Lou Diamond Phillips, finds his world turned upsidedown when his girlfriend Ruby (Mia Kirshner) mysteriously disappears one night after leaving his apartment. After months of searching, an anonymous tip leads Kanin back to Ruby's hometown Wolf Lake, a place where the residents are hiding a dark secret...
451	Knight Rider	Knight Rider	Action	6.3	Mike and KITT are assigned a seemingly easy package delivery until they realize the package is actually a man with vital top secret code decryption built into his DNA. The mission gets complicated when the enemies, including a mysterious woman, seem to know a great deal about Mike and a past he can't recall.
453	Tales from the Crypt	Tales from the Crypt	Horror	8.8	Cadaverous scream legend/all-around punster the Crypt Keeper hosts these forays of fright and fun based on classic E.C. Comics tales from back in the day – and drawing on the talents of top filmmakers Richard Donner, Walter Hill, Joel Silver, Robert Zemeckis and others. So belly up to the bar and name your poison. Is it a deranged Santa on a personal slay ride? A man surgically implanted with as many lives (and deaths) as a cat? Honeymooners who each want the other to fulfill the 'til-death vow pronto? These and more terror-rific tales await. Ghoul love 'em!
454	Pacific Blue	Pacific Blue	Drama	none	From producer of hit TV series 21 JUMP STREET, RENEGADE and NORTH SHORE comes this flashy cop series about an elite bycicle cop unit of the Santa Monica Police Department. From chasing down pick pockets and drug dealers to investigating homicides, these law enforcement officers are on patrol to keep the warm, sunny L.A. beaches safe, no matter the cost. Featuring a stellar, sexy cast of characters, their relationships sizzle as temptation and desire stir up conflicting personal and professional interests.
455	Blade: The Series	Blade: The Series	Action	7.8	BLADE: THE SERIES stars Kirk "Sticky" Jones as the title character who is half-man, half-vampire and employs his extraordinary powers in a crusade to save mankind from the demonic creatures who walk the night. Set in Detroit, Blade investigates the vampire house of Chthon. Along the way he forms an uneasy alliance with Krista Starr, portrayed by costar Jill Wagner, a former military veteran who becomes entrenched in the world of vampires while investigating the murder of her twin brother.
456	Moonlight	Moonlight	Drama	8.0	Mick St. John is a captivating, charming- and immortal- private investigator from Los Angeles who defies the traditional blood-sucking norms of his vampire tendencies by using his wit and powerful supernatural abilities to help the living. In a life-altering twist of fate, Mick was "bitten" 60 years ago by his new bride, the seductive Coraline. Forever 30 years of age, Mick's as handsome and charismatic as the day he was "turned," and he eschews others of his kind who view humans only as a source of nourishment. With only a handful of like-minded confidantes for company, including the eternally young, wealthy and mischievous Josef, a hedge fund trader who relishes his uniqueness, Mick fills his infinite days protecting the living. But one night years ago, a single act of kindness changed Mick when he saved a young girl's life, making him want to be a better vampire. Now their paths cross again and Mick develops a distinctive bond with Beth Turner who has grown into a beautiful, ambitious Internet investigative reporter. Reconnecting with her unleashes feelings Mick knows he can't pursue without exposing the part of him that would make him a monster in Beth's eyes. As Mick lives between two realities, fighting his adversaries among the undead and falling in love, he discovers the mysteries and pleasures that a valuable life has to offer.
457	The Event	The Event	Drama	8.3	Sean Walker, stumbles into a national conspiracy after his girlfriend Leila mysteriously disappears from a Caribbean cruise. Elsewhere, President Elias Martinez is scheduled to announce the release of a group of detainees led by Sophia Maguire -- despite the disapproval of his Director of National Intelligence, Blake Sterling. Their futures are on a collision course in a global conspiracy that could ultimately change the fate of mankind.
457	The Event	I Haven't Told You Everything	Drama	8.3	Sean Walker, stumbles into a national conspiracy after his girlfriend Leila mysteriously disappears from a Caribbean cruise. Elsewhere, President Elias Martinez is scheduled to announce the release of a group of detainees led by Sophia Maguire -- despite the disapproval of his Director of National Intelligence, Blake Sterling. Their futures are on a collision course in a global conspiracy that could ultimately change the fate of mankind.
457	The Event	To Keep Us Safe	Drama	8.3	As the shockwave of the plane dissipates, President Martinez's staff must work quickly to assess what happened and how to respond. Director of National Intelligence, Blake Sterling, locks down Sophia for interrogation. The conspiracy widens, engulfing FBI Agent Collier and Carter, a mercenary with questionable ties. Meanwhile, a shadowy figure, Thomas, emerges with knowledge of the detainees and their plan.
457	The Event	Protect Them from the Truth	Drama	8.3	President Martinez's administration unveils a tough new strategy to force Sophia to reveal the detainees' plan, putting into play a new detainee, Maya. Elsewhere, we learn that Vicky and Carter are in possession of a crucial hostage. FBI Agent Collier's suspicion grows deeper.
457	The Event	A Matter of Life and Death	Drama	8.3	The White House grapples with a mysterious biological threat. Their only hope is to crack Sophia during interrogation. Meanwhile, Vicky and Carter keep their hostage captive while they await further instructions. FBI Agent Collier, on her search for Leila, stumbles upon Vicky's secret life. Elsewhere, a powerful businessman, Dempsey with classified intelligence and ties to the White House, emerges from the shadows.
457	The Event	Casualties of War	Drama	8.3	The biological threat intensifies. The CDC rushes to identify the contagion and treat the infected people, while the White House and Director of National Intelligence face a difficult dilemma in their negotiation with Thomas. Meanwhile, Simon appeals to Sophia to turn on Thomas. Elsewhere, FBI Agent Collier closes in on Vicky and Carter, but appearances are not always what they seem.
457	The Event	Loyalty	Drama	8.3	President Martinez and the Director of National Intelligence, Blake Sterling, fulfill their agreement with Thomas, but after their plan goes awry, they suspect that there is a possible mole in their midst. Elsewhere, Sean Walker digs for answers at Leila's home, where he encounters Madeline, a mysterious conspiracy theorist. Meanwhile, Simon's past is illuminated, and his allegiances are tested.
457	The Event	I Know Who You Are	Drama	8.3	President Martinez orders Director of National Intelligence, Blake Sterling, to root out the mole from their staff, which causes Sterling to question his judgment of people close to him. Sophia reasserts her power over Thomas and the other detainees, and she prepares them for the next leg of their mission. Elsewhere, with the aid of Madeline, Sean continues his hunt for answers, all the while trying to stay one step ahead of the covert agents who trail him.
457	The Event	For the Good of Our Country	Drama	8.3	President Martinez, furious about recent security failures, demands answers from Director of National Intelligence, Blake Sterling. When he doesn't receive the progress that he desires, Martinez decides to personally interrogate Michael Buchanan about his involvement in the assassination attempt. While Michael holds to his claim that he doesn't know who is involved, he inadvertently reveals incriminating evidence about someone deep inside the President's staff. Meanwhile, Dempsey dispatches Vicky on a new clandestine mission. And, elsewhere, Sean and Leila scramble to stay ahead of the covert ops that are trying to silence them and what they know.
457	The Event	Your World to Take	Drama	8.3	President Martinez reacts to the knowledge of who betrayed him within his administration. Meanwhile, after revealing her plan for the Sleepers' future, Sophia learns of dissension among her people. She sets a trap for the perpetrators and acts decisively to quell any future mutiny. Elsewhere, Sean and Leila try to unravel the mystery of Samantha's kidnapping, while evading Dempsey's nefarious clutches.
457	The Event	Everything Will Change	Drama	8.3	President Martinez confronts the traitor in his administration, only to be met with threats of exposing the cover-up of Avias Air 514. Even after testing the loyalty of Isabel and Thomas, Sophia still suspects their subterfuge, so she sends Simon on a fact-finding mission. Her suspicions are confirmed when Thomas unveils a shocking new plan. Meanwhile, on the hunt for Samantha, Sean and Leila battle the mercenaries sent by Dempsey.
457	The Event	And Then There Were More (1)	Drama	8.3	President Martinez and his longtime Chief of Staff charge the intelligence community with decrypting Thomas's satellite message, but more importantly determining to whom it was sent. While they are distracted, Thomas unveils a surprise attack, but he does not anticipate a heroic stand-off with Blake Sterling, who learns an important lesson about Sleepers from Maya.
457	The Event	Inostranka (2)	Drama	8.3	Meanwhile, newly appointed Alaskan Senator Catherine Lewis threatens to divulge information about the Mt. Inostranka detention facility on an episode of "HARDBALL with Chris Matthews". Elsewhere, Sean and Leila get a fresh lead on the whereabouts of Samantha, but it leads them to a dramatic turn in their lives. James Dempsey foresees that he and Sean will once again cross paths.
457	The Event	Turnabout	Drama	8.3	Still reeling from the attack in Alaska, President Martinez reasserts control over the situation and his administration, counseled by Sterling and his Chief of Staff. Sophia learns the details of Thomas's murderous rampage. Thomas sets Sophia and Martinez further at odds. Elsewhere, Michael leaves Leila in safekeeping with a close friend, Diane Geller, while he goes on the hunt for Thomas. The NSA continues to decrypt the satellite transmission, hopefully before it's too late.
457	The Event	A Message Back	Drama	8.3	Thomas summons Sophia, Diane Geller, and the other Sleepers to reveal the contents of the game-changing message he received. With newfound intensity, President Martinez confronts Vice President Ray Jarvis about his betrayal. Sean blackmails Vicky into helping him on a mission of vengeance. Elsewhere, Dempsey continues on his hunt for experimental subjects.
457	The Event	Face Off	Drama	8.3	President Martinez and Blake Sterling have the Sleepers surrounded, but after Sophia triggers a national disaster, negotiations ensue. Elsewhere, with a lead on the whereabouts of Dempsey, Sean and Vicky continue on their mission.
457	The Event	You Bury Other Things Too	Drama	8.3	Sophia and the other Sleepers mourn their losses after negotiations are derailed. While observing Simon's reaction to the events, Sterling begins to doubt his loyalties and devises a test. President Martinez tasks Senator Catherine Lewis with rooting out any other moles within the White House. Elsewhere, Sean and Vicky are on the verge of tracking down Dempsey, but it may be exactly what he was anticipating.
457	The Event	Cut Off the Head	Drama	8.3	Vice President Jarvis vocalizes his lack of faith in President Martinez's leadership and agrees to meet with an adversary. Senator Catherine Lewis reports the findings of her surreptitious blood testing of the White House staff only to find one holdout, someone very close to the President. Sophia pushes forward in her search for a super weapon. And, after witnessing injustices within the Sleeper community, Leila begins to question where she belongs. Elsewhere, Sean and Vicky find whom they've been hunting for, but it may be too late.
457	The Event	Strain	Drama	8.3	The White House is rocked by the sudden illness of one of their own, leaving Chief of Staff Peel and Sterling to investigate possible conspirators. Michael Buchanan comes to the aid of Leila, but it leaves them both at risk of Sophia's wrath. Across the globe in Russia, Sean and Vicky race to stop Sophia's weapon from being loaded onto a plane heading to the United States.
457	The Event	Us or Them	Drama	8.3	The White House grapples with the unfolding tragedy as Sterling continues the investigation into his primary suspect. Sophia manipulates the traitor inside the White House, confirming the suspicions of Chief of Staff Peel. Leila and Michael attempt to rescue Simon, but at tremendous personal risk. Elsewhere, Sean and Vicky try to identify Sophia's secret courier before it's too late.
457	The Event	One Will Live, One Will Die	Drama	8.3	With doubt still surrounding the tragedy at the White House, Sterling encounters an unlikely ally in Simon, who risks his life to return with a possible antidote. Against the wishes of Chief of Staff Richard Peel, Jarvis authorizes an air strike to neutralize them. Meanwhile, Sophia continues on her diabolical plan to exterminate the human race, now with the help of an unwitting accomplice -- Leila. Elsewhere, Sean and Vicky try to prevent the deaths of many thousands of innocent people.
457	The Event	The Beginning of the End	Drama	8.3	President Martinez makes a triumphant albeit shaky return to the White House, determined to punish the traitors who conspired against him. Sophia forges ahead with her plan, while battling a new enemy -- the guilt that has begun to plague her. Sean and Vicky form an impromptu team with Sterling and Simon in order to track down Sophia's headquarters and stop her before the destruction of all human life.
457	The Event	Arrival	Drama	8.3	The White House is gripped by a power struggle of historic proportions, pitting Martinez and Chief of Staff Peel against Jarvis and his secret ally, Sophia. Elsewhere, Sean, Vicky, Sterling, and Simon race to stop the dispersion points for the virus. Meanwhile, Leila fights for her life. But it all may be too late -- as the portal begins to open, sending tremors across the globe.
458	FlashForward	FlashForward	Drama	8.3	What would you do if you were given a glimpse of the future? Would you accept what you saw and live life to its fullest, or would you do everything in your power to change your destiny? When the world's population is given a glimpse of their future, it forces everyone to come to grips with whether their destinies can be fulfilled or avoided.
459	Harper's Island	Harper's Island	Horror	8.0	HARPER'S ISLAND is about a group of family and friends who travel to a secluded island for a destination wedding. They've come to laugh... to love... and, though they don't know it... to die. As the wedding festivities begin, friendships are tested and secrets exposed as a murderer claims victims, one by one, transforming the wedding week of fun and celebration into a terrifying struggle for survival. In every episode, someone is killed and every person is a suspect, from the wedding party to the island locals. By the end of the 13 episodes, all questions will be answered, the killer will be revealed and only a few will survive.
461	Legend of the Seeker	Legend of the Seeker	Action	8.0	In a mythical land, one man, Richard Cypher, discovers his true destiny as he, a mysterious young woman, a wise old wizard and a magical sword are all that stand between the evil tyrant Darken Rahl and his quest for total domination. Based on "The Sword of Truth" series of books by Terry Goodkind.
462	Tek War	Tek War	Action	7.3	In the year 2045, an addictive computer-based reality drug call "tek" has ignited a war that stretches throughout society. Recruited by a mysterious benefactor to stop the advancing drug is Jake Cardigan, a cop who teams up with a colorful array of partners as the government plots to stop him from revealing the truth. This riveting series is based on the hit sci-fi novel series by William Shatner, who also makes special appearances throughout these 22 action-packed episodes!
463	Dark Skies	Dark Skies	Drama	9.0	On July 2, 1947, a spacecraft of unknown origin crashed in the New Mexico desert outside Roswell Army Air Base. Four bodies - known as the Grays - were recovered. Everything you think to true about American history, from that moment on, has been influenced by that event.On February 17, 1962, another event occurred, related to the first, but one that has, until now, been kept completely suppressed.You are being trusted with that secret.
464	The Pacific	The Pacific	Drama	8.6	his epic ten-part miniseries tracks the intertwined odysseys of three U.S. Marines Robert Leckie, Eugene Sledge and John Basilone across the vast canvas of the Pacific Theater during World War II. It follows these men and their fellow Marines from their first battle with the Japanese on Guadalcanal, through the rain forests of Cape Gloucester and the strongholds of Peleliu, across the bloody sands of Iwo Jima and through the horror of Okinawa, and finally to their triumphant but uneasy return home after V-J Day.
464	The Pacific	Guadalcanal/Leckie	Drama	8.6	In the immediate aftermath of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Marine Sgt. John Basilone prepares to ship out and confront the enemy somewhere in the Pacific, while budding journalist Robert Leckie enlists in the Marine Corps. Eugene Sledge, unable to enlist because of a heart murmur, says farewell to his best friend, Sidney Phillips, who is about to leave for boot camp. Exactly eight months after Pearl Harbor, the 1st Marine Division, including Leckie and Phillips, lands on Guadalcanal in order to secure its strategically vital airfield and prepare for the inevitable counterattack.
464	The Pacific	Basilone	Drama	8.6	Basilone and the 7th Marines arrive on Guadalcanal to reinforce Leckie and the rest of the 1st Marine Division as they continue to defend the crucial airstrip. Basilone plays a key role in repelling a nighttime Japanese attack, but suffers a frightful personal loss. After four months of continuous action, the exhausted and disease-ridden members of the 1st Marine Division are evacuated off the island.
464	The Pacific	Melbourne	Drama	8.6	Physically and mentally debilitated after the four-month ordeal on Guadalcanal, Leckie, Basilone and thousands of their comrades land in Melbourne, where they are greeted by adoring crowds and viewed as the saviors of Australia. While his buddies carouse, Leckie becomes deeply attached to an Australian woman and her first-generation Greek family. Meanwhile, Basilone is awarded the Medal of Honor and is asked to return home to help sell U.S. war bonds.
464	The Pacific	Gloucester/Pavuvu/Banika	Drama	8.6	Finally enlisted as a Marine, Sledge trains for combat at Camp Elliott. The 1st Marine Division lands at Cape Gloucester on the Japanese-held island of New Britain. As Leckie and the other Marines battle the Japanese, they quickly realize that the more ominous enemy is the smothering jungle itself. Having survived Gloucester and stationed on the godforsaken island of Pavuvu, Leckie begins displaying the physical and mental effects of combat and is sent to a naval hospital on nearby Banika for psychiatric observation.
464	The Pacific	Peleliu Landing	Drama	8.6	Basilone's celebrity grows as he travels across the country on the war bonds tour. On Pavuvu, Sledge, assigned to the 5th Marines, 1st Marine Division, is briefly reunited with Phillips and Leckie rejoins his company. Sledge then gets his first taste of combat as he, Leckie, and the rest of the 1st Marine Division meet fierce Japanese resistance while landing on the intricately and heavily defended coral island of Peleliu.
464	The Pacific	Peleliu Airfield	Drama	8.6	Despite the suffocating 115-degree heat and a lack of clean drinking water, Sledge, Leckie and the other Marines confront the highly-fortified enemy as they attempt to capture the Peleliu airfield. After seeing his comrades badly injured, Leckie himself is wounded and evacuated from the island. Sledge witnesses the shocking truth about what is sometimes required to survive and fight another day.
464	The Pacific	Peleliu Hills	Drama	8.6	The Marines, including the newly christened "Sledgehammer," continue the battle of Peleliu against an enemy determined to fight to the last man. Devastated by the loss of a revered leader, and witnessing unimaginable barbarity on both sides, Sledge veers to the very edge of moral collapse. Their objective finally secured, the Marines return to Pavuvu fundamentally changed by their experience on Peleliu.
464	The Pacific	Iwo Jima	Drama	8.6	Increasingly frustrated by his role campaigning for war bonds, Basilone convinces the Marines to allow him to train troops headed for combat. Transferred to Camp Pendleton, he enjoys a whirlwind romance with an initially reluctant female Marine, Lena Riggi. But the couple know they are living on borrowed time, as Basilone is soon to take part in the Marine landing on Iwo Jima.
464	The Pacific	Okinawa	Drama	8.6	After battling across the island of Okinawa for more than a month, Sledge and the rest of the 1st Marine Division are ordered to relieve an Army division that has been in combat against the most strongly defended Japanese position on the island. The primordial conditions and the moral dilemma posed by the presence of civilians put tremendous strain on the physical and psychological endurance of Sledge and the other Marines.
464	The Pacific	Home	Drama	8.6	After the Japanese surrender, Leckie, healed from his wounds, leaves the hospital and returns home, while Sledge heads back to Alabama to be reunited with his family and Sid Phillips. Lena visits Basilone's home and has an emotional meeting with his family. Leckie adjusts to post-war life by resuming his old job and starting a new relationship, but for Sledge, unsure why he survived the war seemingly unscathed, adjustment will require more time.
465	Band of Brothers	Band of Brothers	Drama	9.2	Based on the bestseller by Stephen E. Ambrose, Band of Brothers tells the story of Easy Company, 506th Regiment of the 101st Airborne Division, U.S. Army. Drawn from interviews with Easy Company, as well as soldiers' journals and letters, Band of Brothers chronicles the experiences of these men who knew extraordinary bravery and extraordinary fear. They were an elite rifle company parachuting into France early on D-Day morning, fighting in the Battle of the Bulge and capturing Hitler's Eagle's Nest at Berchtesgaden. They were also a unit that suffered 150 percent casualties, and whose lives became legend.
466	Columbo	Columbo	Crime	8.2	This is the detective series that inspired them all. Legendary actor Peter Falk is back in his 4-time Emmy® Award winning role, as the ruffled, cigar-chomping, trenchcoat-wearing police lieutenant who is asking all the right questions.
467	Blood Ties	Blood Ties	Drama	8.4	After witnessing a horrific demonic murder at the side of a Toronto roadway, private investigator Vicki Nelson finds herself on a collision course with another citizen investigating the case. He is Henry Fitzroy – former Duke of Richmond, cutting-edge graphic novelist and 470-year old vampire.To solve the brutal murder, Vicky finds herself collaborating against her better judgment, with the suave and seductive Fitzroy. The relationship soon progresses beyond a pretty professional arrangement, complicating her long-term love affair with ex-partner Detective Mike Celluci...and pretty well everything else in her life.As the cases become more bizarre & complex, the relationship between Vicki & Mike becomes fractured. Meanwhile, Henry's behavior creates suspicion for all involved in the cases, casting doubt among the three.
467	Blood Ties	Blood Price (1)	Drama	8.4	PI Vicki Nelson witnesses a gruesome murder – except because of her failing eyesight, she's not really sure what she saw. Her old police colleague, detective Mike Cellucci, warns her against getting involved. But when a young, heartbroken Goth begs Vicki to investigate her boyfriend's death, Vicki can't help but open up the strangest case of her life. Meanwhile, Henry Fitzroy, a concerned citizen of Toronto, also decides to look into the murders lest they be blamed on a vampire – himself for example.
467	Blood Ties	Blood Price (2)	Drama	8.4	After forming an uneasy alliance with the toothsome Fitzroy, it's up to Vicki to track down who is raising the Ripper demon... before they put the entire world in peril.
467	Blood Ties	Bad JuJu	Drama	8.4	When her client is being hunted by zombies, Vicki turns to Henry for help, but Henry proves surprisingly reluctant to get involved. Rival Voudoun practitioners catch Henry and Vicki in a battle over the resurrection of a dead sorcerer, while Mike investigates the suspicious man in Vicki's life - Henry Fitzroy.
467	Blood Ties	Gifted	Drama	8.4	Vicki looks into the brutal death of a single mother, who appears to have been savaged by a terrifying beast. But does the victim's daughter know more than she's letting on... and is her school ready to let go of their star pupil?
467	Blood Ties	Deadly Departed	Drama	8.4	A defence lawyer in a high-profile murder case is brutally murdered, but the killer has left his fingerprints... on the dead man's heart. As the unseen killer picks off those who put him away one by one, Mike discovers that one of his colleagues has a guilty secret...
467	Blood Ties	Love Hurts	Drama	8.4	A man hires Vicki to figure out if his wife is cheating on him. After she is found dead, the husband is the prime suspect. But in Vicki's world, things are never quite that simple, and a side trip into the steamier side of suburbia takes a terrifying twist as she discovers just what jealousy can do...
467	Blood Ties	Heart of Ice	Drama	8.4	Homeless people have gone missing, and Vicki gets more than she bargained for when she tries to solve the case. Mike is on yet another case where a prostitute's blood has been drained, and Henry is number one on his list of suspects. But when he agrees to help the mysterious Father Mendoza, has Mike struck a blow for justice or made a deal with the Devil?
467	Blood Ties	Heart of Fire	Drama	8.4	Near breaking point under torture, Henry struggles to retain his strength and sanity as Vicki and Mike race to save him, as well as seek answers to the mystery of how Father Mendoza could have encountered Henry over three centuries ago and still be alive in the present.
467	Blood Ties	Stone Cold	Drama	8.4	While looking for a missing male model, our heroes encounter a beautiful club owner with a horrific past. Mike may be falling under her spell, but is she an angry victim or a stone cold killer?
467	Blood Ties	Necrodrome	Drama	8.4	A funeral director hires Vicki to track down one of his clients... one of the dead ones. For boxer Diesel Swanson, the day's not getting any better either, despite the fact that he started off dead... but the mystery is that what happens if he isn't?
467	Blood Ties	Post Partum	Drama	8.4	A man hires Vicki to check on his wife, who is isolated in a fertility clinic that guarantees results. Vicki has to pretend to be a frustrated would-be mother to get in. Dr. Hobman's strict regime does seem to help infertile women get pregnant, but is there a sinister side to his success?
467	Blood Ties	Norman	Drama	8.4	Vicki's first case comes back to haunt her as evil nerd Norman escapes from the abyss, now with a whole array of demonic powers and revenge on his mind.
467	Blood Ties	D.O.A.	Drama	8.4	One of Vicki's old police colleagues stops by with a case of murder; specifically, his own. However, when Mike witnesses his body still walking and talking, they must determine whether the 'ghost' or the body is telling the truth.
467	Blood Ties	Wild Blood	Drama	8.4	Mike and Vicki attempt to uncover the only suspect's secret in a murder case where the victim appears to have been torn apart by an intelligent beast, but the only suspect is proving distinctly uncooperative.
467	Blood Ties	5:55	Drama	8.4	On the trail of a mysterious antique, Vicki repeatedly relives the day in which she investigates its disappearance, each day culminating in the antique- a mysterious box- being opened and the forces of darkness within it being unleashed.
467	Blood Ties	Bugged	Drama	8.4	A friend of Coreen's hires Vicki to investigate the sudden death of one of her Goth club's patrons. Meanwhile, Henry suspects that another vampire is moving in on his territory.
467	Blood Ties	The Devil You Know	Drama	8.4	Henry's former lover shows up in town, seeking his protection from a stalker determined to kill her, but various events- such as her claiming that he was turned over a year ago when his sister possesses a photograph of him in the sun six months ago- prove that she isn't being totally honest.
467	Blood Ties	Drawn And Quartered	Drama	8.4	A painter friend of Henry becomes a suspect when others in the art community start turning up dead, and Coreen's attempts to investigate result in her becoming too attached to the prime suspect.
467	Blood Ties	Wrapped	Drama	8.4	A motley crew of truckjackers get more than they bargained for when they steal an ancient Incan mummy, leading to a nightmare for Fitzroy as he believes he is seeing his own death when he begins to dream about the mummy.
467	Blood Ties	The Good, The Bad And The Ugly	Drama	8.4	A self-confessed murderer that Vicki and Mike put away suddenly protests his innocence, claiming that he only saw visions of the real killer's handywork, and that more deaths are imminent. Whether it's a copycat, a stooge, or a psychic psycho, Vicki and Mike are forced to investigate once more, resulting in the discovery of a twisted experiment.
467	Blood Ties	We'll Meet Again	Drama	8.4	Vicki's client claims he has been reincarnated for centuries and needs her help to find his long lost lover, but in a cruel twist of fate- apparently caused when his last life was kept in a coma after the accident that automatically killed his wife-, this time she's ten years older... and already married. Meanwhile, Fitzroy begins pondering whether he needs a change of scenery, and Celluci's career is increasingly close to the edge...
467	Blood Ties	Deep Dark	Drama	8.4	Though their friendships are at breaking point, Vicki needs Fitzroy and Celluci more than ever when she discovers Coreen has been possessed by a demon. Tough decisions are made when questions of loyalty and love come to the forefront... especially when it is revealed that Coreen will die if the demon is exorcised.
468	Walker, Texas Ranger	Walker, Texas Ranger	Action	8.5	Texas Ranger Cordell Walker, one of the last old-fashioned heroes in the West, is a protective friend but a relentless foe who will stop at nothing to bring a criminal to justice.
469	ReGenesis	ReGenesis	Drama	10.0	Cloning, bioterrorism, genetic engineering, not since the atom bomb has science had such potential to change the world. Canada, Mexico, and the United States have created a trilateral taskforce, The North American Biotechnology Advisory Commission, or NorBAC, to investigate questionable advances in the fields of biotechnology, bio-weaponry and nanotechnology.Under the charismatic leadership of Chief Scientist David Sandstrom and Executive Director Caroline Morrison, the Toronto-based organisation struggles to understand the political, legal, and personal underbrush in which new science has become entangled.
471	The Prisoner	The Prisoner	Drama	6.6	"The Prisoner" tells the story of a man, Six, who wakes up to find himself inexplicably trapped in a mysterious and surreal place, The Village, with no memory of how he arrived. As he frantically explores his new environment, he discovers that Village residents are identified by number, have no memory of any prior existence, and are under constant surveillance. The Village is controlled by one man - the sinister and charismatic Two . Throughout the series, Six and Two are locked in a battle of wits, as Six challenges the oppressive nature of The Village and struggles to learn the truth behind it.
471	The Prisoner	Arrival	Drama	6.6	A man awakes in an isolated desert community called the Village with no idea of how he got there. He is designated Six, as everyone in The Village is referred to only by a number and the Villager's administrator, Two, attempts to assimilate him into the community.
471	The Prisoner	Harmony	Drama	6.6	Number 6's feeble attempt at escape soon comes to an end and he is returned to the Village. There he is introduced to Number 16 who claims to be his brother. Number 6 is understandably skeptical about it all and has no recollection of 16. He also learns that he is a bus driver by profession, giving tours around the the Village. When he comes across a ship's anchor in the middle of the desert he begins to think there may be another way to escape. We learn more about Number 6's life in New York City and that he had resigned as an analyst with a security company that reviewed CCTV footage from around the world. It is also clear that he was under observation even then. As Number 6 goes from what he thinks is reality to waking dreams, he is no longer sure what is real and what is imagined. Meanwhile, Two tries to deal with his son's growing sense of rebellion.
471	The Prisoner	Anvil	Drama	6.6	Number 2 asks Number 6 to work for him as an agent to locate dreamers, that is those who dream of a world other than the Village. Number 6 is under no illusions however and while he agrees to work for him, he does so only to hopefully gain some type of advantage over him. He's paired with 909 and is placed as a teacher of surveillance in a school to observe Number 1955, also a teacher. He uses his position to his advantage by asking his students to find out what exactly is going on. He also learns about Number 1. Life becomes more complicated when 303 learns that he is working as an agent and assumes that she was one of his targets. 11-12's secret is revealed.
471	The Prisoner	Darling	Drama	6.6	Six is forced into attending a matchmaking service, the matchmaker, 1891, who appears unwanted on his television screen. He is matched with a blind woman named 4-15, who looks exactly like Lucy with whom Six had a sexual liaison in New York. Six is convinced that she is indeed Lucy, although 4-15 appears not to know anything about life outside of The Village. Both Two and 11-12 ask 313 for assistance on specific matters, with Two and 313, she knows that he is aware that she is a dreamer, the reason why she feels she needs to help him. But she still has to decide if what he asks her to do is worth her long term happiness. Meanwhile, all the talk around The Village centers on the mysterious holes that have been appearing in The Village, which Two dismisses as weather related anomalies. To combat these, pigs are distributed to residents, as swine breath is deemed to be a atmosphere stabilizer.
471	The Prisoner	Schizoid	Drama	6.6	Six discovers he has a twin... who attempts to murder Two. 313 battles with her inner demons and 11-12 seeks the answers to his dilemma.
471	The Prisoner	Checkmate	Drama	6.6	Six's time runs out when the order is handed down for his execution. Two suffers a personal loss and all is revealed.
473	Veronica Mars	Veronica Mars	Drama	9.0	Veronica is in true form from the moment she and boyfriend Logan, along with close friends Wallace and Mac set foot on the campus of Hearst College. Wallace enlists Veronica's help when his new roommate, Piz, has all his belongings stolen. While working on Piz's case, Veronica learns that the campus serial rapist has struck again. Meanwhile, Keith runs into trouble while transporting a recently released convict across the country to reunite him with Kendall
474	Charlie's Angels	Charlie's Angels	Action	6.8	Once upon a time, Jill, Sabrina and Kelly were police officers whose skills were being wasted in menial duties such as answering phones and filing. A mysterious millionaire named Charles Townsend took them away from all that by opening his own private investigation agency and hiring these gorgeous ladies as his operatives with John Bosley acting as their assistant and liaison.
475	Babylon 5	Babylon 5	Drama	9.4	"It was the dawn of the Third Age of Mankind ten years after the Earth-Minbari War The Babylon Project was a dream given form. Its goal: to prevent another war by creating a place where Humans and aliens could work out their differences peacefully. It's a port of call – home away from home for diplomats, hustlers, entrepreneurs, and wanderers. Humans and aliens wrapped in two million, five-hundred thousand tons of spinning metal, all alone in the night. It can be a dangerous place, but it's our last best hope for peace. This is the story of the last of the Babylon stations. The year is 2258 . The name of the place is Babylon 5."A five season space opera written b J. Michael Staczinsky.
477	Son of the Beach	Son of the Beach	Comedy	6.0	His unit may not be the biggest, but it's definitely the best...and the funniest! Timothy Stack stars as Notch Johnson, the world's greatest lifeguard, duty-bound to patrol and protect the shores of Malibu Adjacent with his crack team of sexy hardbodies. Together they keep the laughs coming...again and again...
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Drama	8.7	The mother of all destiny. Her son, the future leader of mankind. Their protector, a Terminator from the future. Together they must take back the future as Sarah Connor prepares her son to fight the war against machines determined to annihilate the human race. The clock is ticking. Can they stop Judgment Day?
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Pilot	Drama	8.7	In the series premiere, Sarah Connor struggles to keep her son John Connor safe from an enemy Terminator from the future. She uproots their lives and takes him to live in a small town in New Mexico where he befriends Cameron who ultimately becomes his protector. Meanwhile, FBI Agent James Ellison continues his hunt for Sarah Connor.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Gnothi Seauton	Drama	8.7	Sarah makes contact with an old friend to ask a favor, while John decides to pay a visit to Sarah's ex and Cameron makes a new friend. Together they infiltrate a resistance safe house and discover they are not alone. Meanwhile, Agent Ellison realizes that Sarah is still alive and a dangerous person from Sarah's past is reawakened.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	The Turk	Drama	8.7	Sarah pays a visit to Miles Dyson's widow looking for Skynet's creators. Her search leads her to Andy Goode, a cell phone salesman who also happens to also be the inventor of a chess playing computer known as "The Turk." Sarah has to make a tough decision regarding her friendship with Goode. Meanwhile, John and Cameron try their best to assimilate on their first day at the new high school and John is conflicted about his role as a hero. Agent James Ellison finds himself getting closer to the truth.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Heavy Metal	Drama	8.7	When Sarah, Cameron and John track down stolen cargo, they become separated from John leading him to discover the future isn't as safe as he had hoped. Meanwhile, Agent Ellison's murder investigation leads him to an interesting suspect.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Queen's Gambit	Drama	8.7	When Sarah's friend Andy submits his computer into a chess competition, she revaluates his computer's capabilities and worries where it could all lead. During the chess match, Sarah comes face-to-face with a stranger whose history is closely tied to hers. Meanwhile at school, Cameron gets called into grief counseling and John makes a new friend in shop class. Agent Ellison discovers remnants from a terminator battle.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Dungeons & Dragons	Drama	8.7	While fighting for his life and moving in and out of consciousness, a stranger remembers life in the future and his personal battle against the machines. Meanwhile, Sarah finds herself trying to explain the past to .
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	The Demon Hand	Drama	8.7	When Sarah breaks into Agent Ellison's apartment looking for a missing endo-arm, she discovers dossiers, files and video from her stay in the mental hospital. The files lead her to hospital psychiatrist Dr. Silverman, a doomsday convert who made Sarah's hospital stay unbearable. Meanwhile, Cameron enrolls in a ballet class taught by Maria Shipkov, Dmitri's sister, in an effort to track down his whereabouts and to find out who has the Turk. John learns what it took for his mom to escape the hospital; Agent Ellison's endo-arm discovery puts him danger.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Vick's Chip	Drama	8.7	John defends Cameron against a damning accusation by Derek, putting him and Derek at odds, while Sarah finds herself in a business transaction with a mysterious business man.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	What He Beheld	Drama	8.7	Cromartie closes in on John and Agent Ellison discovers a nemesis at the agency.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Samson And Delilah	Drama	8.7	Rocked by the Jeep explosion, John's 16th birthday forces him to confront the reality of his destiny alone. Meanwhile, Agent Ellison faces off with his faith and the Feds in the aftermath of Cromartie's massacre, and a new player is introduced, Catherine Weaver, who is the CEO of a high-tech corporation.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Automatic for the People	Drama	8.7	Sarah and Cameron take it upon themselves to investigate a nuclear power plant. John becomes less enthusiastic about academics, but flourishes socially with the help of a new friend. Meanwhile, Catherine Weaver gains another piece of the puzzle for her pet project.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	The Mousetrap	Drama	8.7	After Cromartie kidnaps Charley's wife, Sarah and Derek are put to the test, as they must outwit him to ensure a safe rescue, but at what cost? Meanwhile, John is in his own sticky situation as he finds himself caught between Cameron and Riley.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Allison from Palmdale	Drama	8.7	Software glitch causes Cameron to forget who she is. She goes missing from the Connors and is taken in by a street kid named Jody. Cameron and Jody end up at a halfway house where Cameron meets with a social worker who uncovers some of Cameron's distant memories. Meanwhile, Catherine Weaver meets with Agent Ellison to discuss his future at Zeira Corp, and Ellison does some digging into Weaver's past.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Goodbye to All That	Drama	8.7	John and Derek infiltrate a military academy in order to protect an integral member of the future resistance. Meanwhile, Weaver's first assignment for Ellison takes an interesting turn of events when he discovers a specter from his own past.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	The Tower Is Tall But The Fall Is Short	Drama	8.7	What would a T-1001 need with a doctor? Sarah, John and Cameron may soon find out as they track down another name on their list. Elsewhere, a woman from Derek's past surprises him in the present.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Brothers of Nablus	Drama	8.7	The Connors find themselves on high alert and in odd company after their house is robbed. Elsewhere, one Terminator terrorizes Ellison, while another gets dangerously close to John Connor. Meanwhile, Derek and Jesse continue to get reacquainted.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Mr. Ferguson is Ill Today	Drama	8.7	John and Riley's impromptu trip to Mexico results in deadly consequences. Meanwhile, Sarah and Ellison finally come face-to-face.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Complications	Drama	8.7	Sarah's mystifying nightmares creep into her real life, but what do they mean for her and John? Meanwhile, Derek and Jesse investigate a possible Skynet conspirator.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Strange Things Happen at the One Two Point	Drama	8.7	Sarah's obsession with the three dots leads her to a company that she believes may have Andy Goode's Turk. Meanwhile, Jesse's plans complicate things even further, and Weaver introduces Ellison to someone very important.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Self Made Man	Drama	8.7	She never sleeps, so what does she do at night? Cameron's surprising, secret life is revealed. Also, history is forever changed when a Terminator is sent back to the wrong time.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Alpine Fields	Drama	8.7	Sarah and Cameron work to save a family on the list with a connection to Derek in the future. Meanwhile Jesse's life hangs in the balance.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Earthlings Welcome Here	Drama	8.7	Sarah's obsession with the three dots intensifies when she tracks down a blogger with a intimate knowledge of the symbol, and she ends up finding something she never expected. Meanwhile, Riley gets closer to John and faces off with Cameron.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	The Good Wound	Drama	8.7	An injured Sarah is guided by the image of John's father, Kyle Reese, while Weaver's move to protect John Henry results in deadly consequences.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Desert Cantos	Drama	8.7	Sarah, John, Cameron and Derek investigate the company town connected to the destroyed factory while Weaver sends her own man into town in search of a potential survivor.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Some Must Watch, While Some Must Sleep	Drama	8.7	Haunted by nightmares of the man she killed in the factory, Sarah checks in to a sleep clinic. When suspicious things begin happening, Sarah suspects Skynet may be using the facility for brain-mapping.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Ourselves Alone	Drama	8.7	The return of Cameron's glitch results in regrettable consequences for everyone, and Riley fears Cameron has discovered her secret.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Today Is The Day	Drama	8.7	Jesse flashes back to a life-altering mission aboard her submarine, the Jimmy Carter. Sarah and John decide they can't continue living in their house and make plans to leave.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Last Voyage Of The Jimmy Carter	Drama	8.7	Jesse's submarine mission in the future takes a fatal turn that has unforeseen effects on John, Sarah and Derek in the present. Before heading out, Sarah deals with Cameron and John makes a tough choice.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	To The Lighthouse	Drama	8.7	Fearing for her life, Sarah stashes John in a safe house. Cameron and Derek struggle to work together after she reveals a big secret. John Henry becomes compromised.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Adam Raised a Cain	Drama	8.7	When John attempts to rescue Skynet's latest target he finds himself closing in on Weaver, but at what cost? Game plans change, causing Sarah and Ellison to reunite. Meanwhile, Weaver learns Ellison's secrets.
478	Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles	Born to Run	Drama	8.7	The Connors come face-to-face with Weaver in a confrontation that shakes John to the core and changes his reality forever. Nothing will be the same.
479	Witchblade	Witchblade	Action	7.0	New York homicide detective Sara Pezzini doesn't know why the forces of the universe have chosen her to possess the awesome living weapon called the Witchblade. But it is hers to wear and to wield in the fight against crime, although it comes with a terrifying price. Evil foes seek the Witchblade, setting in motion an ongoing battle that may cost the lives of those Sara holds dearest.
480	Birds of Prey	Birds of Prey	Action	7.4	Who will stand up to villains now that a heartbroken Dark Knight has mysteriously vanished? Never fear, New Gothamites, a trio of champions is ready to take wing – and Helena, the daughter of Batman and Catwoman, is among them. She calls herself Huntress and crime is her prey. Teenaged Dinah is the youngest of the group, learning as she goes and gifted in clairvoyance. And overseeing the awesome threesome's high-tech nerve center is Batgirl. Left wheelchair-bound by The Joker, she has reinvented herself as Oracle, the team's cyber expert. Huntress, Dinah, Oracle: They are the Birds of Prey. Fighting together. Living together.
481	The Batman	The Batman	Action	7.8	Hidden in the shadows, The Batman casts a protective eye while tracking the thugs, thieves and criminal masterminds that claim Gotham City's dark alleys each night. In one magnificent swoop, he descends up on opponents and battles with a fierceness that seems almost inhuman. This is the young Bruce Wayne who assumes the role of Gotham's greatest defender in a fresh retelling of the Dark Knight's beginnings.With incredible gadgets, awesome animation and a cool new vibe, these 13 exciting episodes from the hit series showcase The Batman taking on your favourite villains – The Joker, The Penguin, Mr. Freeze, Catwoman, Bane – and new crazies you'll love to hate!
482	Masters of Horror	Masters of Horror	Horror	7.5	Chilling horror stories from the most prominent directors of the genre.
483	The 4400	The 4400	Drama	8.3	THE 4400 explores the travails of the 4400 people who all at once returned in a ball of light to Earth; though the returnees had not aged physically, many of them reappeared with dramatic abilities ranging from enhanced reflexes to precognition. NTAC (National Threat Assessment Command) is the government agency responsible for keeping track of the returnees and investigating all things related to the 4400.
484	Painkiller Jane	Painkiller Jane	Action	7.7	In a very imaginable future, the world battles terrorism and unrest. Out of this chaos emerges a new hero: Jane Vasco, a.k.a. Painkiller Jane. Once the DEA's top agent, Jane Vasco is formidable, both mentally and physically. As a child, her father nicknamed her Painkiller Jane, describing her ability to mentally push through even the most painful situations. But her strength is about to be tested. Jane is recruited by a covert government agency dedicated to containing and, if necessary, neutralizing the threat of "Neuros" — individuals with superhuman neurological powers. No one knows what caused the aberrations that led to their enhanced abilities, which range from from telekinesis and telepathic suggestion to induced hallucinations. During her first investigation with her new team, Jane discovers that she too possesses an odd ability: she can't be killed. Unfortunately, she can still feel pain. Her newfound powers make Jane even more determined to learn everything there is to know about Neuros. Seldom malicious, Neuros often can't control their powers. Consequently, they tend to leave a trail of death and destruction. To prevent a panic, the government has kept the discovery of Neuros a secret, assembling a covert unit to identify and contain Neuros. Operating from a secure abandoned subway platform, the core members of the unit are Andre McBride, the seasoned team leader; Connor King, a special agent regularly armed with a smart remark; Riley Jensen, an evolved computer whiz in charge of surveillance and communications; Dr. Seth Carpenter, the unit's doctor and scientist; Joe Waterman, the middle-aged caretaker of the subway; and Maureen Bowers, Jane's former DEA partner and friend, who, like Jane, was recruited after discovering top-secret information about Neuros. Painkiller Jane is based on the comic-book series of the same name created by Jimmy Palmiotti and Joe Quesada.
484	Painkiller Jane	Pilot	Action	7.7	Jane Vasco with the help of a new covert government unit must track down and contain the spread of "Neuros," genetically altered humans with extraordinary powers.
484	Painkiller Jane	Toy Soldiers	Action	7.7	The Team tracks a Neuro who can re-animate the dead. Jane and the others suspect terrorist intent when the dead are sent to steal military grade weapons and equipment, but they begin to second guess their theory when the dead start stealing sports equipment. Jane and the team suspect that the Neuro is trying to fill some other need or desire, in addition to, building an army of undead soldiers.
484	Painkiller Jane	Piece of Mind	Action	7.7	A man, Simon Connelly, has the ability to take someone's skill, experience and memories, merely by touching them. This Neuro also has the ability to transfer knowledge for a short time to other persons as well. Riley Jensen has suffered from an encounter from this Neuro, so not only has Riley lost his memories and abilities, but the Neuro knows all that Riley knows about Jane's secret organization.
484	Painkiller Jane	Catch Me If You Can	Action	7.7	A Neuro who can see the future warns Jane and the team of their impending death on the day they arrest him. Meanwhile, the team is disturbed by the psychic's purchases
484	Painkiller Jane	Nothing To Fear But Fear Itself	Action	7.7	Strange sounds and hallucinations are driving people insane at a Federal Safe House used for witness protection. Jane's team investigates and begins to experience the same fears and anxieties, but is it the work of a Neuro? or are the spirits of the dead trapped in the house?
484	Painkiller Jane	Breakdown	Action	7.7	People are going insane from the same nightmare about drowning, but no one can figure out why. Jane and her team believe that a Neuro is responsible but can't figure out why they would do such a thing. When they meet the compassionate but troubled Dr. Lewis they suspect that one of his patients may be responsible.
484	Painkiller Jane	Higher Court	Action	7.7	Jane's team tracks a Neuro who is capable of making people see anything he wants. He used this power to make people in the Witness Protection program commit suicide by making them see something completely different.
484	Painkiller Jane	Friendly Fire	Action	7.7	Jane wakes up on a hospital with no memory of recent events. She tries to escape but realizes that her old teammates seem to be treating her with contempt and learns that she may murdered Riley Jensen. Maureen begins her own investigation on a doctor doing research on Neuros.
484	Painkiller Jane	Trial By Fire	Action	7.7	Connor King is on trial for arson, when he is witnessed fleeing several fires. He was in fact chasing a Pyro-kinetic (fire starter) Neuro, but since his mission is classified, he can't reveal his true intentions and thus is the primary suspect. Connor's dark and checkered past also don't make things easy for him at his trial. Jane and the team try to find the fire starter Neuro and prove Connor innocent.
484	Painkiller Jane	Portraits of Lauren Gray	Action	7.7	A young woman who is a runway model at a fashion show, suddenly ages decades overnight and dies. Jane and Maureen are assigned to go undercover as fashion models to find the cause. But can Jane stop a Neuro who can literally suck the life force out of a person?
484	Painkiller Jane	Ghost in the Machine	Action	7.7	Connor suffers a series of serious near accidents, all of which might have been fatal, but he escapes with moderate injuries. At this point Jane queries McBride on Connor's background. It appears that members of Connor's old Police tactical unit are all getting killed by 'mysterious accidents'. Is it a Neuro? Is it someone from Connor's past who has it out for him?
484	Painkiller Jane	Something Nasty in the Neighborhood	Action	7.7	Fair Oaks is the perfect bedroom community, except for one thing. Federal agents turn up dead whenever they go there. Jane and her team investigate and run into an entire town who seems to be under a Neuro's control. The team tries to identify the Neuro before they fall under their influence and either betray or kill their own team members.
484	Painkiller Jane	The League	Action	7.7	Jane and her team are tracking several people with Neuro like abilities, but they are assassinated by a sniper just before they can be chipped. The mystery is that these people with exceptional powers are not Neuros, but the killer using a sniper rifle is. Jane and the others figure out that this entire affair began years ago when a group of high school outcasts formed a group based on a limited comic book series - The League of Five. Each one of the group were given powers like those in the comic book, but years later they seem to be turning evil, and the real Neuro who is tracking them down and killing them, knows the reason why.
484	Painkiller Jane	The Amazing Howie	Action	7.7	Riley is an aspiring amateur Magician but a mysterious performer called "The Amazing Howie" completely trumps him in a Magic competition. Riley suspects Howie of being a neuro, using his powers to perform impossible tricks, so Riley enlists a reluctant Jane to be his Magician's assistant to beat Howie and find out his secret.
484	Painkiller Jane	The Healer	Action	7.7	Jane and the team are tracking a neuro who can make himself invisible in order to rob banks, however, once they capture him, their van melts down, almost allowing their prisoner to escape. They are mystified by this since neuros usually don't have more than one ability. On their second mission, to subdue and chip a woman, Jennifer Towne (Sonya Salomaa), who can paralyze people with her mind (and thus steal their possessions), the team is again attacked by an unseen force, nearly thwarting their mission. During this time, Jane is seeing a healer, hoping to reverse her healing powers and become 'normal again'. Is this healer who is helping Jane, really a neuro? Who is really behind these 'psychic' attacks on the team?
484	Painkiller Jane	Thanks for the Memories	Action	7.7	Jane Vasco starts her day by discovering that her boyfriend doesn't recognize her and suddenly has a little daughter. Jane also discovers that the Subway Headquarters doesn't exist anymore, Joe doesn't recognize her and that Andre, Connor and Riley have been "killed". Fearing her own demise she seeks out Simon Connelly (Christopher Britton) who can take, retain and give out memories. He is also the Neuro who was not chipped by Jane as an act compassion. She tries to pass on all her knowledge of her team, her friends and her missions to Simon, before the death squads can kill her.
484	Painkiller Jane	Playback	Action	7.7	Jane and her team are tracking a Neuro with unknown abilities who is attempting to assassinate a Chinese diplomat. Though they manage to thwart the killer's plan, Jane eventually discovers the neuro's power - he has the ability to rewind and replay the current day over and over again until he gets it right. Usually everyone's memory of events resets to the beginning and no one realizes that they are stuck in a temporal 'loop', but Jane begins to get feelings of Deja-vu and realizes what the Neuro is doing. But with each new day, the killer changes his plans to counter Jane's team attempts to stop him.
484	Painkiller Jane	Jane 113	Action	7.7	Simon Connelly (Christopher Britton), the neuro who Jane did NOT chip as an act of mercy, manages to transfer some other people's memories about Jane's past to Jane before he dies of cancer. Jane goes back to the Vonotech Building where she plummeted to her "death" the first time (in the pilot episode). She discovers that she must track down the mysterious Dr. Roberts (Tom Butler) who suffers from ALS. There she learns a dark secret about herself and the truth about her origins.
484	Painkiller Jane	What Lies Beneath	Action	7.7	The team respond when several incarcerated Neuros revolt and launch a prison break.
484	Painkiller Jane	The Beast Of Bolnar	Action	7.7	When Connor is in a Hungarian village called Bolnar, he's attacked by a creature and the team tries to find out if the beast is the effect of a Neuro's powers.
484	Painkiller Jane	Reflections	Action	7.7	While maintaining a watchful Eye over NICO (the Neuro hospital/prison) Andre McBride runs into a beautiful and fragile woman he once knew, Sarah Rogers (Ada Tai). Her Neuro skill was that she could pass through solid objects like walls, and, with this skill, could also kill people by removing things like 'brains' directly out of people's heads. However, Sarah is a docile and gentle woman, accepting of her fate and has forgiven Andre for chipping her. Andre begins to once again have feelings for this woman, just like he did before, however, a series of attacks and murders occur, and the initial suspect is Sarah, since she can be seen on the surveillance cameras. But Andre refuses to believe that Sarah can be responsible, despite Sarah's vivid nightmares of those same attacks. Both Connor and Jane become concerned with Andre's judgment during this crisis.
484	Painkiller Jane	Endgame	Action	7.7	Ever since Jane's meeting with Dr. Butler, her allegiance to the team has been in doubt. Now, Jane leads an insurrection by a group of particularly violent "un-chipped" Neuros. This creates a total lock down on the NICO facility. Andre, Riley and Connor find themselves trapped inside a special "neuro-proof" room. Realizing that Jane has turned against them, Andre and Connor decide to counter strike with a little Neuro help of their own. But is Jane really a traitor? Or will the team discover what Doctor Butler has done to her in time to stop the rebellion?
485	Day Break	Day Break	Drama	9.0	Detective Brett Hopper is having a hellacious day; the kind of day where nothing goes his way and he just cant wait to put it behind him... only he cant, because hes living the same day over and over again. Taye Diggs stars in Day Break, an action-packed thriller that takes a bad day and multiplies it by infinity.
486	Andromeda	Andromeda	Action	7.2	From an original concept found in the unpublished papers of Star Trek creator, Gene Roddenberry, comes the story of Dylan Hunt courageous captain of the most glorious starship in the universe, the Andromeda Ascendant. After 300 years frozen in time at the event horizon of a black hole. Dylan Hunt wakes... to a universe in chaos. The Systems Commonwealth, the greatest civilization in history, has fallen. But together with an unlikely band of renegades and aliens who become his crew, Dylan begins his quest to rekindle the light of civilization and push back the evils that grip the universe!
490	Star Trek	Star Trek	Action	8.1	The original Star Trek series focuses on the 23rd century adventures of Captain James T. Kirk and the U.S.S. Enterprise (NCC-1701), a powerful interstellar spacecraft dispatched by Earth-based Starfleet Command to explore the galaxy. Kirk commands a crew of 430 men and women aboard his starship, which can travel at speeds surpassing the speed of light. Kirk's five-year mission—and his mandate from Starfleet—is to seek out new life and new civilizations, and to boldly go where no man has gone before.
490	Star Trek	Balance of Terror	Action	8.1	The Enterprise tries to intercept a Romulan warship that is testing the Federation's defenses along the Neutral Zone separating the two.
490	Star Trek	All Our Yesterdays	Action	8.1	While trying to locate the missing population of a planet doomed by a coming nova, Kirk, Spock, and McCoy find a mysterious librarian who sends them back into the planet's past. While Spock and McCoy fight for survival in a frigid landscape, Kirk is accused of witchcraft.
490	Star Trek	Turnabout Intruder	Action	8.1	Janice Lester, a lover from Kirk's past, uses alien technology to switch her consciousness into his body and vice versa, so that she can take command of the Enterprise and become a Starfleet captain as she always wanted.
491	Star Trek: The Next Generation	Star Trek: The Next Generation	Action	8.6	Star Trek: The Next Generation (TNG) focuses on the 24th century adventures of Captain Jean-Luc Picard aboard the U.S.S. Enterprise (NCC-1701-D). This incarnation of the famous starship is much larger than the one captained by James T. Kirk a century earlier, and, accordingly, it carries a larger crew complement: 1,012 men, women…and, surprisingly, children. This era's Starfleet Command believes that men and women are more likely to sign up for long-term exploratory missions if they think of their ship as home. Thus, Picard's crew enjoys many of the comforts they'd have otherwise left behind, including a wide variety of recreational opportunities, "replicated" food dishes to suit every palate, and quarters large enough to share with spouses and offspring. There are schools for the children and a bar (stocked with synthetic alcohol, or synthehol) where the adults can unwind. However, the ongoing mission—no longer limited to a mere five years—remains virtually the same as it was during Kirk's time: to seek out new life and new civilizations, and to boldly go where no one has gone before.
492	Star Trek: Voyager	Star Trek: Voyager	Action	7.8	Star Trek: Voyager (VOY) focuses on the 24th century adventures of Captain Kathryn Janeway aboard the U.S.S. Voyager. Smaller than either Kirk's or Picard's starships—its crew complement is only 150—Voyager is fast and powerful, and has the ability to land on a planet's surface. It is one of the most technologically advanced vessels in Starfleet, utilizing computer circuitry that incorporates synthetic neural tissue. Ironically, Janeway's inaugural mission aboard Voyager was to be her last in the Alpha quadrant. While attempting to capture the crew of a renegade Maquis vessel, both her ship and that of the Maquis were pulled into the distant Delta quadrant by powerful alien technology. Unfortunately, there would be no similar "express" route to take them home again. Stranded 70,000 light-years from Earth, Janeway convinced the Maquis to join her Starfleet crew and serve together during the long voyage back to Federation space.
493	Star Trek: Deep Space NIne	Star Trek: Deep Space NIne	Action	8.3	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (DS9) focuses on the 24th century adventures of Captain Benjamin Sisko on space station Deep Space 9, an outpost situated near the mouth of a stable wormhole on the far reaches of explored space. Although Sisko commands Deep Space 9, the station actually belongs to the inhabitants of nearby Bajor, who requested Starfleet's protective presence after Bajoran freedom fighters put an end to the brutal Cardassian occupation of their world. Approximately a sixth of the station's 300 permanent residents are Starfleet personnel; there is also a sizable Bajoran militia presence. The rest of Deep Space 9's inhabitants are civilians, most of whom work in the station's Promenade, a kind of indoor marketplace. Initially, Sisko's mandate from Starfleet was to protect Bajor and the station from any hostiles who ventured into the area. But with the discovery of the nearby wormhole—a shortcut through space that leads directly to the uncharted Gamma quadrant—Sisko's mandate has expanded exponentially, as the region becomes the gateway to all manner of visitors, both friendly and extremely hostile.
494	V	V	Drama	7.3	Simultaneously appearing over every major city in the world, the Visitors (or V's) arrived offering us the wonders of their technology and promoting peace. While the world quickly embraced the V's as saviors, an FBI Counter Terrorist Agent, and others making up the resistance group called The Fifth Column, quickly discovered that the Visitors are not who they said they were. Will humanity stop being fooled and realize the Visitors true intentions before it becomes too late and they take over Earth?
494	V	Pilot	Drama	7.3	In the premiere episode, "Pilot," an image of Anna, the leader of the V's, is projected worldwide as she speaks about everyone joining together and no longer being divided by country or separated by fear. She wants us all to unite, and is counting on a very important component of human nature -- devotion. At first considered a threat, the V's quickly become a fascination and a link to things that lay just beyond our reach. For Tyler, a teenaged boy, the V's are his ticket to being a part of something big and something that offers hope. To Chad, an egotistical news anchor who wants to further his career, his exclusive interview with Anna begins his desire to dominate the airwaves. Father Jack, a priest with questioning faith, is hesitant to believe in the Visitors' righteousness and goes outside of the church in search of the truth. There are other dissidents who believe the Visitors aren't who they say they are, including Ryan, who is faced with a life-altering decision when the V's show up. And to FBI Counter Terrorist Agent Erica Evans, who discovers, while investigating a terrorist cell, what lurks beneath the alarmingly human exterior of the Visitors, resisting this new world has never been more important -- and never has there been more at stake. This truly is the dawning of a new day.
494	V	There Is No Normal Anymore	Drama	7.3	Erica and Father Jack, having quickly determined they're both against the arrival of the Visitors, suddenly find themselves being tracked by a "Seeker" from the V's. Meanwhile Chad, thinking he blew it for 80 million viewers with his exclusive first interview with Anna, looks to pick himself up and so becomes more investigative in his next newscast; and Dale Maddox's wife and law enforcement begin questioning Erica about his whereabouts.
494	V	A Bright New Day	Drama	7.3	Chad reports from the Peace Ambassador Center as 100 diplomatic visas are being issued to the first wave of American Visitors, with Anna getting the 1st, but not everyone agrees with the decision. Meanwhile Erica has started tracking a death threat while paired with a V officer, as she actually has to protect the V's, and Ryan starts reaching out to his old friends to build up opposition forces and help fight-off the V's.
494	V	It's Only the Beginning	Drama	7.3	Erica works with newly-formed allies to uncover a biological threat they suspect the Visitors have been plotting. Aboard the Mothership, Anna meets with a special guest while managing the investigation into the murder of a V. And Chad does a segment on the V Healing Centers, demonstrating their amazing medical abilities, but then finds himself conflicted by some of his findings.
494	V	Welcome to the War	Drama	7.3	As the story continues, Erica finds her life in danger when she's attacked at home; a dangerous new member is recruited for the Resistance, as the Visitors shore up their defenses; Anna wonders why Chad hasn't followed up on his diagnosed aneurysm; and Ryan's concern grows over Val's "abnormal" pregnancy.
494	V	Pound of Flesh	Drama	7.3	Anna introduces her pilot program to invite select groups of humans to stay on each of the 29 space ships, Ryan must deal with the fact that Valerie's pregnancy is wildly accelerated, Tyler learns a secret about his mom, and one of the team makes a sacrifice to save Ryan.
494	V	John May	Drama	7.3	Erica, Ryan and Jack go on a harrowing mission to find the legendary John May in order to rescue Georgie, Anna brings Chad aboard the Mothership for a story on her Live Aboard Program, and Tyler confronts his mom about his mysterious past.
494	V	We Can't Win	Drama	7.3	Chad and Anna are in Geneva, Switzerland for the U.N. Energy Summit, where Anna is going to present a gift of technology to the world. Meanwhile, Erica learns that the V Task Force is investigating The Fifth Column, and Valerie goes on the run, knowing something is different about her baby and not sure she can trust Ryan.
494	V	Heretic's Fork	Drama	7.3	Erica, Father Jack and Hobbes realize that the Vs know names and addresses of The Fifth Column members and must take drastic measures to protect them. Meanwhile, Ryan finally reveals to Val that he's a Visitor, and Chad, with the camera rolling for "Prime Focus," begins the process aboard the Mothership's Medical Bay to have his aneurysm removed.
494	V	Hearts and Minds	Drama	7.3	Erica, Ryan, Father Jack and Hobbes learn Anna's sent a V shuttle filled with a deadly V tracker team to find them, and must figure out how to stop the shuttle from landing. Meanwhile, Anna gives Tyler his invitation to the Live Aboard Program, and Chad confronts Father Jack on what he knows about The Fifth Column.
494	V	Fruition	Drama	7.3	After a violent attack on someone very close to Anna, she delivers a message that the Vs don't feel safe and will be leaving; and Anna also gives a list of possible Fifth Column members to Chad, hoping he'll investigate to help in finding them. Meanwhile, Erica and the team try to track down a scientist who may have created a weapon that the Visitors are afraid of.
494	V	Red Sky	Drama	7.3	The episode opens with the V soldier still on the hunt for Val, while for her part, Val's water breaks and her baby with Ryan will soon be born. Meanwhile Erica, tired of being on the defensive, decides to go on the offensive and gets herself and Tyler invited up to the Mothership for a get-to-know-everyone-better dinner. But she has more than food on her mind; she's really there to find Anna's soldiers and destroy them. And Chad, after Father Jack asks him to help get a message on the ship to Joshua, discovers the awful truth that Anna's been using him.
494	V	Red Rain	Drama	7.3	The Season Two opener, "Red Rain," continues the action from last season's finale when Anna unleashed Red Sky on the planet. With the world on the brink of war and chaos all around, is there anyone who can stand up to Anna? Meanwhile, Ryan has been kept in isolation on the mothership, away from his hybrid baby so that Anna can experiment on her; Chad, seeking redemption for being used by Anna, now wants to fight with the Fifth Column; and Erica goes on a journey to find a scientist who can give her the answers to what Red Sky is, and where she learns the horrifying secret of what the V's are doing on our planet. Jane Badler and Bret Harrison join the series in recurring roles.
494	V	Serpent's Tooth	Drama	7.3	Anna and Diana square off in the dark bowels of the Mothership - Diana has been down there for 15 years and not had a single glimpse of Anna. Meanwhile, Erica has Tyler's blood analyzed, and learns the V's did something sinister to her when she was pregnant with him.
494	V	Laid Bare	Drama	7.3	Erica learns her partner, Malik, is a Visitor and must fight for her life - literally - to stop Anna from finding out she's Fifth Column. Meanwhile, Anna learns that Malik is missing and orders Ryan to find her, while Lisa realizes her body is beginning to change, causing her to become more and more like her mother.
494	V	Unholy Alliance	Drama	7.3	After the radical faction of the Fifth Column murders three Peace Ambassadors, Erica goes on a mission to hunt down their leader, Eli Cohn, a former Mossad agent. Meanwhile, as Jack and other priests around the globe begin to speak out against the Visitors, Anna heads to the Vatican in an effort to convince the leaders of organized religion that the Visitors truly are "of peace," on "V," TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1 on ABC. Also in the episode, Jay Karnes guest stars as Chris Bolling, an FBI agent now assigned to work with Erica; while Oded Fehr will play Eli Cohn, the leader of a much more radical group opposed to the Visitors.
494	V	Concordia	Drama	7.3	Anna uses her newest gift to mankind, "Concordia," as a cover to hide an invading fleet of breeding vessels that will be used to ensure the perpetuation of Visitors for future generations. Meanwhile, Eli Cohn tries to convince Erica and the Fifth Column that the "Concordia" gala is the perfect time to assassinate Anna.
494	V	Siege	Drama	7.3	Anna, enraged at the increasing audacity of the Fifth Column attacks, enlists Ryan in an attempt to wipe out the Fifth Column in one fell swoop. Meanwhile, Father Travis, following Vatican orders, asks Jack to leave the church, and Lisa meets Diana, her grandmother -- who Anna said was dead -- for the first time.
494	V	Birth Pangs	Drama	7.3	Erica, seeking revenge against Anna, heads to Hong Kong to carry out a mission to strike a lethal blow against Anna. Meanwhile, Anna learns that Tyler's phosphorous level is too low - even after the Red Rain -- and he might become useless to her; and Lisa and Diana bond, beginning to form an alliance against Anna.
494	V	Uneasy Lies the Head	Drama	7.3	Erica, now officially in charge of the global Fifth Column, leads them in a high risk attack against Anna. Anna meanwhile, growing closer in her plan to destroy humanity, finds a major obstacle in a certain Live Aboard candidate; and Ryan sneaks back onto the Mothership to try and rescue his daughter.
494	V	Devil in a Blue Dress	Drama	7.3	Anna is about to pull the switch on the planet's first Blue Energy reactor, but Sid realizes that the size of the reactor is much too large for just the various Concordia sites - the Fifth Column needs to figure out what Anna is really up to. And Diana tells Lisa she must act against Anna now, fulfill her destiny and save humans from annihilation.
494	V	Mother's Day	Drama	7.3	Anna is focused on having Lisa breed with Tyler to ensure the evolution of the Visitors, while Erica and Diana enlist Lisa to stage a coup against Anna and remove her from power before humanity is destroyed. Erica and the Fifth Column join Lisa in the attempted coup, which has devastating results, on the shocking Season Two finale of "V," TUESDAY, MARCH 15 on ABC. Also in the episode, Marc Singer, who played freedom fighter Mike Donovan on the original "V" series, will guest star as Lars Tremont, a member of a top secret organization of high-ranking military and government leaders from around the globe who have long suspected that the Visitors are very much not here in peace.
495	Naruto	Naruto	Action	8.3	Naruto closely follows the life of a boy who is feared and detested by the villagers of the hidden leaf village of Konoha. The distrust of the boy has little to do with the boy himself, but it's what's inside him that causes anxiety. Long before Naruto came to be, a Kyuubi (demon fox) with great fury and power waged war taking many lives. The battle ensued for a long time until a man known as the Fourth Hokage, Yondaime, the strongest ninja in Konoha, fiercely fought the Kyuubi. The fight was soon won by Yondaime as he sealed the evil demon in a human body. Thus the boy, Naruto, was born. As Naruto grows he decides to become the strongest ninja in Konoha in an effort to show everyone that he is not as they perceive him to be, but is a human being worthy of love and admiration. But the road to becoming Hokage, the title for the strongest ninja in Konoha, is a long and arduous one. It is a path filled with betrayal, pain, and loss; but with hard work, Naruto may achieve Hokage.
496	100 Things To Do Before High School	100 Things To Do Before High School	Comedy	none	"100 Things To Do Before High School" was created by Big Time Rush executive producer and creator Scott Fellows, this new show will follow three best friends as they navigate the highs and lows of middle school, with the help of a bucket list of adventures that help them overcome class cliques, terrifying bullies and clueless teachers. With real life and teen drama awaiting her after 8th grade graduation, CJ Parker (Isabela Moner) has only a short time left to make the most of her middle school years. Together with her two lifelong best friends Fenwick (Jaheem Toombs) and Crispo (Owen Joyner), she is determined to get the most out of this time, using an ever-expanding list of challenges as a guide. For this group, growing up means trying everything and taking chances while they still can.
496	100 Things To Do Before High School	Start A Garage Band Thing!	Comedy	none	CJ starts a garage band with Fen and Crispo, but they soon disband because of creative differences.
496	100 Things To Do Before High School	Run With the Bears Thing!	Comedy	none	The trio of friends set out to conquer each of their biggest fears; CJ tries to talk to her 8th grade crush; Crispo confronts his fear of snakes; Fenwick must face his fear of running through the halls with the Pootatuck Bears basketball team.
496	100 Things To Do Before High School	Say Yes to Everything for a Day Thing!	Comedy	none	CJ tries to convince the guys to say yes for the day, but agreeing to everything creates unanticipated problems.
496	100 Things To Do Before High School	Be a Fairy Godmother Thing!	Comedy	none	Hoping to insert a little magic into middle school, CJ, Fen and Crispo set out to grant the wishes of some people in their lives.
496	100 Things To Do Before High School	Stay Up All Night Thing!	Comedy	none	It's the night of the school's sleepover fundraiser, and CJ, Fen and Crispo are determined to stay awake all night and witness their first sunrise. However, this proves to be a bigger challenge than originally thought.
496	100 Things To Do Before High School	Adopt a Flour Baby Thing!	Comedy	none	CJ longs for a pet, but her mom is unsure she's ready, so she makes CJ look after a flour baby to prove she's responsible.
496	100 Things To Do Before High School	Change Your Look and See What Happens Thing!	Comedy	none	CJ and the boys decide to change up their wardrobe and try out new looks. They soon realize there is a lot of power in the clothes you wear and you cannot judge a book by its cover.
496	100 Things To Do Before High School	Find Your Super Power Thing!	Comedy	none	When CJ begins feeling like she does not have any special talents, she teams up with Fen and Crispo to discover their ``special thing''.
496	100 Things To Do Before High School	Scavenger Hunt Thing!	Comedy	none	When Crispo is unable to afford a concert ticket, CJ and Fen devise a plan to get him a ticket without revealing it is from them.
496	100 Things To Do Before High School	Make a New Friend Thing!	Comedy	none	CJ and the boys decide to expand their group, but making new friends throws each of them into unexpected situations.
496	100 Things To Do Before High School	Be a Mad Scientist Thing!	Comedy	none	Stress and competition take their toll on each friend's quest to take home the winning prize at the Pootatuck science fair.
496	100 Things To Do Before High School	Have the Best Halloween Ever Thing!	Comedy	none	CJ is determined to end Principal Hader's dislike of Halloween in time to rescue the school's canceled Halloween festivities; Crispo and Fenwick deal with costume-related crises.
500	Mutant X	Mutant X	Action	6.8	Protecting a world that doesn't know they exist. Mutant X: a team of human mutants who possess extraordinary powers as a result of genetic engineering. Like hundreds of other unsuspecting subjects, these people were altered in secret experiments conducted in a covert government project. Realising that events have spun out of control, the organization that created them is now hunting them down in an urgent "product recall". Mutant X's mission is to seek out their fellow new mutants, to help them come to terms with their astonishing abilities and protect them from their creators.
501	Northern Exposure	Northern Exposure	Drama	8.7	Fresh out of New York's Columbia University, cocky young Dr. Joel Fleischman is looking forward to his comfortable position in Alaska's largest city. Upon his arrival, Joel finds himself a fish-out-of-water as he's instead assigned to a tiny Alaskan village where the offbeat locals would love him to stay forever.
503	The Lost Room	The Lost Room	Drama	8.4	A mysterious event at the Sunshine Motel caused ordinary things in Room 10 to transform into indestructible objects with extraordinary powers. Detective Joe Miller discovers the dangerous potential of these objects when his daughter becomes lost in the room. His only hope of saving her is to find The Key, but shadowy figures will stop at nothing to keep it - and the other objects - for themselves.
503	The Lost Room	Part 1: The Key and the Clock	Drama	8.4	Detective Joe Miller is on the case after two men are found burned to death in a pawn shop following a deal gone bad involving a mysterious key.
503	The Lost Room	Part 2: The Comb and the Box	Drama	8.4	Anna contacts her father; Joe meets up with Jennifer and receives help from the Legion; Dr. Ruber's story is questioned; Kreutzfeld gives Joe a history lesson on the objects.
503	The Lost Room	Part 3: The Eye and the Prime Object	Drama	8.4	Joe tries to save his daughter by using his resources and alliances, but one of his allies has a separate agenda, one that imperils the world.
504	Batman Beyond	Batman Beyond	Action	8.4	Terry McGinnis was just an ordinary teenager...until his father was mysteriously murdered. Suspecting foul play at his father's company Wayne/Powers Corporation, Terry meets Bruce Wayne and learns a secret identity hidden for decades. Now too old to battle injustice, Wayne is a bitter shell of his former self and refuses to help. So Terry does what any brash young kid would do: steal the Batsuit and take matters into his own hands! Vowing to avenge his father's death, Terry dons the high-tech suit - tricked out with jetpacks for flying, a supersensitive microphone for eavesdropping and even camouflage capabilities - in search of his father's assassin.
505	Justice League Unlimited	Justice League Unlimited	Action	9.0	Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, The Flash, Green Lantern, Martian Manhunter and Hawkgirl – they have all saved countless lives from unspeakable dangers, using their unique powers to fight evil on Earth and across the galaxy. And until now, they have all worked alone. But after an alien invasion that took their combined powers to defeat, these seven super heroes unite to become the Justice League.
506	Charmed	Charmed	Drama	7.6	The discovery that they are descendants of a long line of witches finds three sisters battling demons and warlocks - and occasionally each other.When the beautiful Halliwell sisters inherit a house from their grandmother and discover a secret "Book Of Shadows," they learn that they each have a unique power. The strong-willed Prue can move objects, reserved Piper is able to freeze time, and the uninhibited Phoebe sees the future. Individually, each is strong, but it is only by putting aside their differences and banding together as the "Power of Three" that they will be able to protect the innocent and vanquish evil.
507	Angels In America	Angels In America	Drama	9.0	Al Pacino, Meryl Streep and Emma Thompson lead an all-star cast in an epic movie event directed Mike Nichols and screenplay by Tony Kushner based on his Pulitzer Prize-winning play: ANGELS IN AMERICA.
507	Angels In America	Millennium Approaches: Chapter One - Bad News	Drama	9.0	A powerful lawyer receives difficult news from his doctor; a Mormon couple adjusts to life in New York City; a scion of a wealthy family copes with an illness.
507	Angels In America	Millennium Approaches: Chapter Two - In Vitro	Drama	9.0	A man struggles with his partner's illness; a distraught Mormon housewife copes with her husband's strange behavior.
507	Angels In America	Millennium Approaches: Chapter Three - The Messenger	Drama	9.0	A Mormon couple reach a crossroads in their marriage; a lawyer encounters a face from his past; a patient is warned of an impending arrival.
507	Angels In America	Perestroika: Chapter Four - Stop Moving!	Drama	9.0	Prior is confused by his fantastic encounter with an angel; Joe feels liberated by a new relationship; Roy Cohn is hospitalized as his condition worsens.
507	Angels In America	Perestroika: Chapter Five - Beyond Nelly	Drama	9.0	Roy pulls strings to obtain an extremely rare prescription; Louis is overcome with guilt for leaving his lover; Hannah befriends Prior in his time of need.
507	Angels In America	Perestroika: Chapter Six - Heaven, I'm in Heaven	Drama	9.0	Belize seizes an opportunity to help others in need; Harper makes a decision about her future; Prior fights for his life at the gates of heaven.
510	Breaking In	Breaking In	Comedy	10.0	Contra Security, a high-tech security firm that takes extreme - and often questionable - measures to sell its protection services is corporate America's answer to "The A-Team," giving clients a sense of security by first ripping it away. In the opener, Contra's man of mystery owner, Oz, blackmails his newest recruit, computer hacker Cameron, to join his team. Cameron quickly learns that cracking into state-of-the-art security systems is a lot easier than dealing with his co-workers, including the alluring Melanie, prank-pulling Cash and competitive Josh.
510	Breaking In	Pilot	Comedy	10.0	Contra Security, a high-tech security firm that takes extreme - and often questionable - measures to sell its protection services is corporate America's answer to "The A-Team," giving clients a sense of security by first ripping it away. In the opener, Contra's man of mystery owner, Oz, blackmails his newest recruit, computer hacker Cameron, to join his team. Cameron quickly learns that cracking into state-of-the-art security systems is a lot easier than dealing with his co-workers, including the alluring Melanie, prank-pulling Cash and competitive Josh.
510	Breaking In	'Tis Better to Have Loved and Flossed	Comedy	10.0	When Oz cryptically informs the team their latest case involves breaking into an old lady's home to steal the contents of her safe, the team thinks it will be a walk in the park - until they attempt to get through her security system. Meanwhile, Cameron meets a beautiful dentist who takes an active interest in his profession.
510	Breaking In	Need for Speed	Comedy	10.0	When Oz's childhood friend, race-car champion Jimmie Johnson, asks him for help investigating a security leak on the speedway, Cameron is forced to recruit his least-favorite person to the team: car enthusiast Dutch. Meanwhile, Cash thinks the office photocopier has come to life.
510	Breaking In	White On White On White	Comedy	10.0	Melanie is overjoyed when her ex-con father re-enters her life, but the team is suspicious as it's the day they are hired to test the security of a museum with a priceless painting.
510	Breaking In	Take the Movie and Run	Comedy	10.0	Oz and the team are assigned to protect the sequel to "The Goonies" at a comic convention, and suspicion turns to fanboy Cash when the only copy of the movie goes missing.
510	Breaking In	Breaking Out	Comedy	10.0	After the team botches their assignment to secure KFC's Secret Recipe, Oz orchestrates a team-building exercise, trapping the gang inside Contra Security over the weekend, forcing them to work together in order to break out of the office. Cameron's feelings for Melanie come out in the open, and Cash becomes jealous when Josh dates a co-worker.
510	Breaking In	The Contra Club	Comedy	10.0	In the second season premiere, Cameron, Cash and Melanie discover that Oz is forced to sell the company to a corporate conglomerate headed by the brash and bold Veronica Mann, who along with her prickly British assistant Molly, turn the office upside-down.
510	Breaking In	Who's The Boss	Comedy	10.0	When Veronica doesn't approve of Contra's annual contract with a lingerie company to protect an extremely valuable diamond-encrusted bra, the team goes behind her back to pull it off.
510	Breaking In	The Blind Sided	Comedy	10.0	As the team searches for a computer hacker, Oz worries when Veronica allows a young teen to become the office's new intern. Meanwhile, Cam and Melanie have an awkward night on a stake-out and Molly becomes "protocol officer".
510	Breaking In	Game of Jones	Comedy	10.0	Suspicious Molly questions the existence of Contra's top international sales rep. So Oz scrambles to prove that "Mr. Jones" is an actual person. Meanwhile, Veronica enlists Cameron to help her make friends in the office and Cash gets advice on women from an unlikely source.
510	Breaking In	Cyrano de Nerdgerac	Comedy	10.0	Oz must rely on Cash to teach him how to ward off women when he realizes Molly has developed a crush on him.
514	Jessie	Jessie	Comedy	none	Debby Ryan stars in "Jessie", a new comedy series about a small-town girl who leaves behind her Texas roots and finds a job in the Big Apple as nanny to a high-flying couple's four precocious kids.
514	Jessie	New York, New Nanny	Comedy	none	In the premiere episode, Jessie accepts a job as a nanny and moves in with the Ross family, high-flying couple Christina, a former supermodel turned business mogul, and Morgan, a famous movie director, their four kids Emma, Ravi, Luke and Zuri and their beloved 7-foot Asian Water Monitor Lizard. Nanny responsibilities are more difficult than Jessie anticipated as she coaches Emma, who is on the brink of a science fair meltdown.
514	Jessie	The Talented Mr. Kipling	Comedy	none	Despite being weary of Ravi's seven-foot Asian Water Monitor Lizard, Mr. Kipling, Jessie comes to the lizard's rescue after the head of the condo board attempts to ban Mr. Kipling from the building. Meanwhile, Zuri brings home an another imaginary friend, and Luke and Emma compete against each other in a school photography class.
514	Jessie	Used Karma	Comedy	none	After Jessie accepts an invitation for lunch with Tony, the building's doorman, Emma offers Jessie unsolicited dating advice she has learned from her stash of teen magazines. Meanwhile, Ravi becomes the target of Luke's practical jokes.
514	Jessie	Zombie Tea Party 5	Comedy	none	Jessie convinces Luke that with her help they can beat the neighborhood paintball rival who wins the game every year. Meanwhile, Zuri plans a tea party, and Emma is invited and promptly uninvited by her best friends to Fashion Week.
514	Jessie	One Day Wonders	Comedy	none	After a music producer spots Jessie singing a song she wrote, she is over the moon with excitement about the possibility that her big break has finally arrived. Meanwhile, Bertram enlists Emma to help style him for his social network profile photo.
514	Jessie	Zuri's New Old Friend	Comedy	none	Jessie wants Zuri to play with real friends instead of imaginary ones, but when Zuri befriends the much older Nana Bananas who wears yellow track suits, talks to herself in the park and constantly squeaks a yellow horn, Jessie is worried. Meanwhile, Ravi thinks that Mr. Kipling has found true love with a playground dinosaur.
514	Jessie	Creepy Connie Comes a Callin	Comedy	none	Jessie believes Connie, a math tutor she finds for Luke, will be the perfect scholarly influence. To Jessie's dismay, Connie turns out to be a lovelorn teen fascinated with Luke. Meanwhile, Ravi is convinced he can predict the future with his Mystery Ball.
514	Jessie	Christmas Story	Comedy	none	When the kids' parents get caught in a snowstorm, Jessie must shop for the kid's Christmas presents, get the house decorated and take the kids to the mall to see Santa, where they have a run-in with his mischievous elves.
514	Jessie	Star Wars	Comedy	none	Jessie helps host teen movie star Jordan Taylor who is staying at the Ross' house. As Emma and Jessie vie for Jordan's attention, Zuri, Ravi and Luke rifle through his suitcase and find a few surprises.
514	Jessie	Are You Cooler Than A Fifth Grader?	Comedy	none	Jessie teaches Zuri the value of a dollar when, against the wishes of Mrs. Chesterfield, they set up a lemonade stand in the lobby of their building. Meanwhile, Ravi deals with the trials and tribulations of adjusting to his new American school.
514	Jessie	Take the A-Train... I Think?	Comedy	none	To the kid's dismay, Jessie has everyone take the subway to the cultural fair at Emma's school. Meanwhile, Bertram and Ravi look for a pesky spider that has made its home in the apartment.
514	Jessie	Romancing the Crone	Comedy	none	After Jessie accidentally drops a diamond tiara belonging to Mrs. Ross onto Mrs. Chesterfield's terrace, Jessie and the kids must think of a creative way to retrieve it when she refuses to give it back. Deciding their best option is Bertram, they convince him to ask Mrs. Chesterfield on a date so that they can recover the tiara before Mrs. Ross notices it's missing.
514	Jessie	The Princess and the Pea Brain	Comedy	none	Fairy tales come alive when Jessie and Zuri read a bedtime story that places the gang in medieval times. Meanwhile, Jessie is excited and Tony is jealous when Brody asks her on date.
514	Jessie	World Wide Web of Lies	Comedy	none	Jessie is shunned by New York City's most intimidating nanny. Meanwhile, Bertram teaches Ravi and Luke how to wrestle.
514	Jessie	The Kid Whisperer	Comedy	none	Jessie enlists the help of another nanny after Luke continues to misbehave. Meanwhile, the kids reluctantly agree to help Bertram clean his room.
514	Jessie	Glue Dunnit: A Sticky Situation	Comedy	none	Jessie is tasked with ungluing Mrs. Chesterfield's hands from her head, while Ravi attempts to uncover who switched Mrs. Chesterfield's hair gel with stay stick glue. Meanwhile, Tony and Jessie plan a fun date.
514	Jessie	Badfellas	Comedy	none	Jessie has her hands full trying to keep a watchful eye on Emma, who has a major crush on bad boy Vincent. Meanwhile, Zuri is protective of her favorite tree in Central Park.
514	Jessie	Beauty & the Beasts	Comedy	none	After convincing Zuri to enter a pageant, Jesse runs into her nemesis Nanny Agatha, who has entered her beloved Lindsay in the pageant, as well. Meanwhile, Luke and Ravi play practical jokes on Bertram.
514	Jessie	Evil Times Two	Comedy	none	Nanny Agatha's twin sister, Angela, is in town and Jessie suspects she is trying to steal her job and also catch Tony's eye. Meanwhile, Emma copes with a giant zit on her nose.
514	Jessie	Tempest in a Teacup	Comedy	none	Emma and Zuri plan a romantic mystery-filled fifth first date for Jessie and Tony. Meanwhile, Ravi, Cameron and Bertram get stuck in a giant teacup on a billboard, after their failed attempt to rescue Ravi's toy helicopter.
514	Jessie	A Doll's Outhouse	Comedy	none	After the girls watch a scary movie, Jessie tries to help Zuri conquer her fear of dolls by confessing her own fear of porta-potties. Meanwhile, Cameron teaches Ravi how to impress a girl and Bertram listens to opera non-stop to win a radio contest.
514	Jessie	We Are So Grounded	Comedy	none	Jessie, Bertram and the kids head to Bali for a family vacation, but when their private jet starts to experience difficulties, Jessie takes control of the cockpit and makes an emergency landing on a tropical island. Jessie must figure out how to get the kids home safely, all while recovering from poisonous bug bites, escaping scary monsters and tracking down Mr. Kipling.
514	Jessie	Creepy Connie's Curtain Call	Comedy	none	Jessie writes a play for the school, but Luke is shocked when she casts Creepy Connie as his love interest. Meanwhile, Zuri shadows Bertram for a school report.
514	Jessie	Cattle Calls & Scary Walls	Comedy	none	Jessie auditions for a role in a television series and is convinced that she can talk her way into getting the part. However, it's Zuri who impresses the director. Meanwhile Emma, who Jessie left in charge at home, joins Ravi and Luke in search of what they think are carnivorous rats in the walls of their apartment.
514	Jessie	Gotcha Day	Comedy	none	The Ross Family puts Jessie in charge of decorations for a party celebrating the anniversary of Zuri's adoption. Meanwhile, Ravi finds out some surprising news about his own adoption.
514	Jessie	The Secret Life of Mr. Kipling	Comedy	none	After finding a nest of eggs on the terrace, Jessie and Ravi discover that Mr. Kipling is really Ms. Kipling, and a mom-to-be. However, after accidentally misplacing her eggs, Ravi realizes he may have to work at becoming a better grandparent to baby lizards. Meanwhile, Zuri is determined to throw the perfect funeral for her beloved invisible friend Millie the Mermaid.
514	Jessie	The Whining	Comedy	none	The Ross kids become concerned that history is repeating itself after a scary old doorman tells them a building legend about a nanny who did "something terrible" to the kids in her care on Halloween. Meanwhile, Jessie and Tony work together to crash an exclusive Halloween party so Jessie can give her short story to a famous magazine editor.
514	Jessie	Green-Eyed Monsters	Comedy	none	Jessie joins a comedy improv class and Tony goes to embarrassing lengths to prove his love for Jessie. Meanwhile, Ravi recruits Zuri to help him babysit Mrs. Kipling's baby lizards.
514	Jessie	Make New Friends But Hide the Old	Comedy	none	Emma's first day of high school starts off rough, with a clash over an art class assignment with tough transfer student Rosie. But the two soon become best friends when they realize they have a lot more in common than they thought. Meanwhile, Jessie accidentally puts Kenny the Koala in Luke's backpack, embarrassing him in front of all the kids. Also, Jessie struggles with Zuri after she repeatedly refuses to do her homework.
514	Jessie	101 Lizards	Comedy	none	When Ravi realizes he can't possibly take care of Ms. Kipling and 12 baby lizards, he decides he wants to find good parents to adopt them. After a slew of misunderstandings, Jessie and the kids are convinced that Ms. Chesterfield hired someone to adopt the lizards so that she can turn them into purses and belts.
514	Jessie	Trashin' Fashion	Comedy	none	Emma is excited that her mom is planning a fashion show to showcase her new teen fashion line. However, once Emma sees the terrible designs, she becomes conflicted about whether she should give an honest review on her anonymous fashion blog. Ravi and Luke get picked to model in their mom's fashion show and they are thrilled because they want to impress teen model Diamond Bloodworth. Meanwhile, Zuri learns how to ride a bike.
514	Jessie	Austin & Jessie & Ally All Star New Year	Comedy	none	Austin, Ally, Trish and Dez travel to Times Square where Austin is booked to perform on New Year's Eve. When they can't get through New York City's crowded streets, Jessie comes up with a plan to get them to the stage and to ultimately have Austin record one of her songs. Three songs are performed in the hour-long episode: "Face to Face," a duet by Austin and Jessie, and "Christmas Soul" and "Can You Feel It" by Austin.
514	Jessie	The Trouble With Jessie	Comedy	none	Jessie is worried Tony is planning on proposing to her after he invites her out for a special evening to meet his parents, so she drags Zuri and her new friend Stuart to the dinner to keep him from doing anything romantic. Meanwhile, a feud begins between Bertram/Emma and Luke/Ravi after they can't agree on who can watch their favorite TV shows on the screening room's big screen.
514	Jessie	Say Yes to the Messy Dress	Comedy	none	Jessie offers to introduce the kids to NBA All-Star Chris Bosh, who's in town to play one of Luke's favorite local basketball teams at the park. Determined to make sure his beloved team wins the game, Luke takes Bosh's lucky socks, which the superstar hasn't washed since the 10th grade. Meanwhile, a famous designer sends Emma a dress to review on her fashion vlog. However, things get complicated when Jessie accidentally damages the dress.
514	Jessie	Teacher's Pest	Comedy	none	Zuri is having problems with a teacher (Cheri Oteri) at school, so, Jessie decides to volunteer in her classroom so she can assess the situation. Meanwhile, after Ravi finds out Mr. Kipling is in fact Mrs. Kipling, he struggles with his feelings over having a girl best friend.
514	Jessie	Jessie's Big Break	Comedy	none	Jessie gets her big break as a stunt double to popular Australian actress Shaylee Michaels and the two become fast friends. But chaos ensues when the movie's director and Shaylee's boyfriend, MCD, asks Jessie out on a date. Meanwhile, Emma helps sneak Zuri's pet zebra into the penthouse.
514	Jessie	Pain in the Rear Window	Comedy	none	Jessie is in charge of a carnival to help raise funds for the school. In an attempt to help bring in more money, Luke decides to show Jessie some dance moves but ends up injuring his knee. While everyone is out enjoying the carnival, Luke is home alone and bored, so he uses binoculars to spy on the carnival from a terrace and becomes concerned when he witnesses a suspicious act.
514	Jessie	Toy Con	Comedy	none	Zuri must find a way to get back a cherished toy that Jessie passed on to her after she trades it to a toy collector. Meanwhile, Luke and Emma work together to teach Bertram Salsa dancing so he can compete in a dance contest to win his crush's heart.
514	Jessie	To Be Me or Not to Be Me	Comedy	none	Jessie gets her first big acting part in a Shakespeare production in the park -- however, she ends up switching personalities with Zuri, who must now pull off Jessie's performance without ruining it for her.
514	Jessie	Why Do Foils Fall in Love?	Comedy	none	Jessie decides to write Tony a song for their first anniversary. However, when she thinks Tony forgot their special day, she ends up writing an angry song that ends up going viral on Emma's vlog. Meanwhile, Ravi is miserable over his many gym class failures, so Luke decides to help him build his self-esteem by letting Ravi finally win at something.
514	Jessie	Kids Don't Wanna Be Shunned	Comedy	none	Emma is upset when her friends stand her up for the new girl in school. Meanwhile, Luke has Ravi help him with his project about India for their school's multicultural night.
514	Jessie	All The Knight Moves	Comedy	none	When Jessie discovers Zuri is a chess prodigy, she encourages her to compete in a renowned chess competition. Meanwhile, Luke and Emma suspect Bertram was a jewel thief before becoming a butler.
514	Jessie	We Don't Need No Stinkin' Badges	Comedy	none	Jessie offers to help Zuri earn Butterfly Scout troop badges during a Central Park camping trip. Meanwhile, Luke convinces Ravi that lying is a super power.
514	Jessie	Somebunny's In Trouble	Comedy	none	When Zuri loses interest in bunnysitting her class pet, Jessie steps in, only to lose the rabbit. Meanwhile, Emma has a crush on a school jock, and enlists Luke's help to learn more about sports.
514	Jessie	Punch Dumped Love	Comedy	none	When Jessie grounds Emma from going to the school dance, Emma must sneak out to warn Luke that his new crush is going to dump him. Meanwhile, Zuri and Ravi set up booby-traps to thwart a burglar.
514	Jessie	Quitting Cold Koala	Comedy	none	Luke decides that it's time to cut the strings with his stuffed koala Kenny, so he gives him to Jessie, who accidentally damages him. Meanwhile, to Zuri's horror, Jessie offers to watch Stuart overnight while his parents are out of town and he drives everyone crazy.
514	Jessie	Panic Attack Room	Comedy	none	Everyone gets trapped in the penthouse panic room after Stuart changes the pass code to get alone time with Zuri. Meanwhile, Bertram and Emma help Jessie with an upcoming audition.
514	Jessie	Throw Momma From the Terrace	Comedy	none	Jessie invites Bertram's mom to visit as a surprise for his birthday. However, unbeknownst to Jessie, Bertram and his mom do not get along. Meanwhile, Ravi and Luke compete in a school egg-drop competition.
514	Jessie	The Jessie-nator: Grudgement Day	Comedy	none	Future Jessie appears from an elevator time machine to warn present Jessie to run for her life. She tells Jessie that when Ravi grows up, he invents a robot version of Bertram that evolves into an army which tries to destroy Jessie and take over the world.
514	Jessie	Diary of a Mad Newswoman	Comedy	none	Emma and Bryn's friendship is put to the test when they co-anchor their school's morning announcements. Meanwhile, after Jessie figures out that Zuri has been reading her diary, she and Bertram trick Zuri into thinking she's an alien.
514	Jessie	Break-Up and Shape-Up	Comedy	none	Jessie and Tony's relationship is put to the test when Ted, Jessie's old boyfriend, pays a visit and Tony trains a beautiful family friend to be the new doorwoman. Meanwhile, in an effort to lower Bertram's stress and help get him into shape, Ravi and Luke compete to see who can whip him into shape the fastest.
514	Jessie	G.I. Jessie	Comedy	none	Jessie returns to Texas with the Ross kids in tow excited to show them the military base where she was raised and introduce them to her father - only to learn the surprising news that her dad is engaged to be married to Col. Beverly Shannon, the mother of her high school rival.
514	Jessie	Ghost Bummers	Comedy	none	When Mrs. Chesterfield throws a roof-top bash and doesn't invite Jessie and the kids, they decide to throw a Halloween party themselves. But their festivities take a haunting turn when Jessie begins to see ghosts and Emma, Luke and Mrs. Chesterfield are overcome by ghoulish spirits. Now, it's up to Jessie, Ravi and Zuri to defeat the ghosts and save the day and the building.
514	Jessie	Caught Purple Handed	Comedy	none	Jessie is excited to sign with a talent agent -- until it turns out he only represents hand models. Meanwhile, the kids forget to sell the muffins Jessie bought for the school bake sale, so to help raise money for their school, they throw a rooftop bash.
514	Jessie	Understudied & Overdone	Comedy	none	Jessie gets an opportunity to be the understudy for a famous, young actress in an off-Broadway play. Ravi and Luke devise a plan to make sure Jessie gets the chance to perform the role. Meanwhile, Emma and Zuri argue over how best to help Bertram with his new idea for a web based cooking show.
514	Jessie	The Blind Date, The Cheapskate, & The Primate	Comedy	none	To prove that she's over Tony, Jessie decides that she and Tony will set each other up with other people.
514	Jessie	Lizard Scales and Wrestling Tales	Comedy	none	Luke is assigned a school report about his family history and asks his adoptive mom Christina for information about his birthparents.
514	Jessie	The Rosses Get Real	Comedy	none	Jessie is excited when she and the Ross kids are invited to participate in a reality show.
514	Jessie	Good Luck Jessie NYC Christmas	Comedy	none	Teddy and PJ Duncan visit colleges in New York City, but a blizzard grounds their plane. Fortunately, they meet and become friends with Jessie Prescott and explore the city with her.
514	Jessie	Krumping and Crushing	Comedy	none	Jessie enrolls Luke in a dance class and to Jessie's dismay, he decides to replace doing homework with dance practice.
514	Jessie	Hoedown Showdown	Comedy	none	When a new girl moves into the building, Jessie asks Emma to invite her to her party as a welcoming gesture.
514	Jessie	Snack Attack	Comedy	none	Jessie tries to impress a famous casting director in the park by volunteering to help his daughter befriend the Ross kids.
514	Jessie	Creepy Connie 3: The Creepening	Comedy	none	Creepy Connie returns with a sidekick, Mackenzie. The two play a cat and mouse game as they vie for Luke's affection.
514	Jessie	Acting With the Frenemy	Comedy	none	Jessie makes a new friend in her acting class but soon discovers some surprising things about her.
514	Jessie	From the White House to Our House	Comedy	none	Zuri enlists the help of First Lady Michelle Obama to help a new friend, who would rather not celebrate her birthday without her mom, a deployed member of the military.
514	Jessie	Help Not Wanted	Comedy	none	Jessie is in need of some extra money to buy a special gift for her dad's birthday. She accepts a job at Empire Skate Building only to find out that Emma is her boss.
514	Jessie	Where's Zuri?	Comedy	none	Jessie and Zuri discover Stewart has a new laid-back "manny" named Hudson. Having grown to like Stewart, Zuri resents being told not to see him, and they run off together.
514	Jessie	Morning Rush	Comedy	none	A real-time countdown begins as Jessie races against the clock to insure the Ross kids get to school on time despite the countless obstacles that arise.
514	Jessie	Lights, Camera, Distraction!	Comedy	none	Jessie becomes frustrated that she can't land any acting gigs, so she takes matters into her own hands by participating in a 24-hour film festival. She recruits the kids to help her direct, shoot and edit her film, but things get complicated when all the kids have their own ideas about what the film should be.
514	Jessie	Spaced Out	Comedy	none	Ravi's birthday present from his parents is a trip to outer space with the rest of the Ross kids and Jessie. Their trip takes an unexpected turn when Ravi ends up not going.
514	Jessie	The Talltale Duck	Comedy	none	Jessie agrees to accompany Bertram to his high school reunion, so he can show his former classmates how successful he has become.
514	Jessie	Coffee Talk	Comedy	none	When Jessie lands two VIP wristbands to Emma and Zuri's dream concert, the girls compete to be her guest. Meanwhile, Bertram becomes infatuated with his new talking coffee maker.
514	Jessie	Between the Swoon and New York City	Comedy	none	Jessie hits it off with a new guy she meets in the park named Brooks, unaware that he is Ms. Chesterfield's son.
514	Jessie	No Money, Mo' Problems	Comedy	none	Mrs. Chesterfield hires Bertram to dig up dirt on Jessie that would hopefully lead Brooks to break up with her.
514	Jessie	The Runaway Bride of Frankenstein	Comedy	none	As the Ross kids prepare for the Halloween Festival, the festivities take a scary turn when Brooks proposes to Jessie, and she learns that none of the kids like him.
514	Jessie	There Goes the Bride	Comedy	none	When Brooks lands a job in Africa and has to be there in two days, he and Jessie are forced to move up their wedding.
514	Jessie	Ride to Riches	Comedy	none	Jessie is on a mission to get to an important audition; however, she and Ravi wind up on the "Rides to Riches" game show in which contestants can win prizes during their taxi ride.
514	Jessie	Jessie's Aloha-Holidays with Parker and Joey	Comedy	none	In this one-hour special cross-over episode with "Liv and Maddie's" Parker and Joey, Jessie and the Ross kids plan a tropical Christmas at the family's Hawaiian villa where Jessie reunites with old friend and superstar, Shayelee Michaels.
514	Jessie	But Africa Is So... Fari	Comedy	none	In the season four premiere, the Ross kids are convinced Jessie is headed to Africa to rekindle her relationship with ex-fiancé, Brooks. In an effort to stop her, the kids make the trip to Africa and quickly find themselves on a wild adventure.
514	Jessie	A Close Shave	Comedy	none	Jessie's stepsister Darla comes to visit, and Jessie enlists Tony's help to try to cover up the fact she didn't go through with the wedding. Meanwhile, Luke shaves for the first time and when Bertram comes to help, things get a bit hairy.
514	Jessie	Four Broke Kids	Comedy	none	The Ross family faces an unexpected dilemma when they find out their parents have lost all their money and must learn to live without it.
514	Jessie	Moby & Scoby	Comedy	none	Jessie goes back to college and ends up in the same class as Ravi. Meanwhile, Zuri brings home a baby giraffe from Africa.
514	Jessie	Karate Kid-tastrophe	Comedy	none	Jessie finds herself in unfamiliar territory when Emma's unexpected behavior gets her into trouble at school. Meanwhile, Luke takes on the role of Sensei to train Zuri for her upcoming karate belt test.
514	Jessie	Basket Case	Comedy	none	Eager to play in Luke's basketball game, Ravi unexpectedly runs into LA Clippers star Chris Paul, who he enlists to coach him. Meanwhile, Jessie learns that Hudson is her new classmate and is unhappily forced to partner with him for an assignment.
514	Jessie	Capture the Nag	Comedy	none	When the kids are snowed in at the penthouse, an epic game of capture the flag ensues. Allegiances are tested, tricks are pulled and everyone goes a little overboard.
514	Jessie	What a Steal	Comedy	none	In an effort to help Ravi make friends, Jessie takes him to a MENSA meeting in the park. However, their new friends, Madeline and Scott, may be too good to be true.
514	Jessie	Driving Miss Crazy	Comedy	none	Emma wants her license, so Jessie teaches her how to drive. Ravi and Luke accidentally break one of Zuri's games, forcing a stand-off.
514	Jessie	Bye-Bye Bertie	Comedy	none	Bertram has had enough, so decides to quit and to go work for Mrs. Chesterfield. Meanwhile, the Ross family hires a new butler, Roger, who takes his job very seriously.
514	Jessie	Rossed At Sea (1)	Comedy	none	While on vacation, the Ross family finds a girl stranded in the middle of the ocean and invites her aboard their yacht. Meanwhile, Bertram stays home and babysits Mrs. Kipling, who has separation anxiety from Ravi.
514	Jessie	Rossed At Sea (2)	Comedy	none	While exploring an Italian island, the Ross family's tour guide tells a story about Jessie's necklace, and how its curse brings anyone who wears it bad luck in love.
514	Jessie	Rossed At Sea (3)	Comedy	none	In the final part of the "Rossed at Sea" three-parter, Jessie abruptly ends the Ross family vacation because the kids are constantly fighting. They wind up in a pickle when they find the yacht the next morning floating in the middle of the sea with no captain or crew in sight.
514	Jessie	Dance, Dance, Resolution	Comedy	none	It's school dance time, and the Ross family pulls out all of the stops to score dates. Meanwhile, Jessie helps Bertram prepare for his first solo at the Metropolitan Opera.
514	Jessie	Someone Has Tou-pay	Comedy	none	Bertram's new toupee that he bought for his band's big performance has gone missing, so Jessie interrogates each of the kids in hopes to find it.
514	Jessie	Identity Thieves	Comedy	none	When Luke becomes the brain of the family and Zuri the new trendy fashionista, Ravi and Emma feel their identities have been stolen.
514	Jessie	Katch Kipling	Comedy	none	When Mrs. Kipling becomes a celebrity, it puts a strain on her relationship with Ravi. Meanwhile, Bertram preps Emma for an audition and Zuri tries to be more independent.
516	Terra Nova	Terra Nova	Action	7.8	From executive producers Steven Spielberg Peter Chernin, René Echevarria and Brannon Braga comes an epic family adventure 85 million years in the making. TERRA NOVA follows an ordinary family on an incredible journey back in time to prehistoric Earth as a small part of a daring experiment to save the human race. In the year 2149, the world is dying. The planet is overdeveloped and overcrowded, with the majority of plant and animal life extinct. The future of mankind is in jeopardy, and its only hope for survival is in the distant past. When scientists at the FERMI Particle Accelerator unexpectedly discovered a fracture in time that made it possible to construct a portal into primeval history, the bold notion was born to resettle humanity in the past - a second chance to rebuild civilization and get it right this time.
516	Terra Nova	Genesis (1)	Action	7.8	From executive producers Steven Spielberg and Peter Chernin comes an epic family adventure 85 million years in the making. TERRA NOVA follows an ordinary family on an incredible journey back in time to prehistoric Earth as part of a daring experiment to save the human race. The Shannon family joins the Tenth Pilgrimage of settlers to Terra Nova, the first colony established in this beautiful yet foreboding land. Jim Shannon, a devoted father with a checkered past, guides his family through this new world of limitless beauty, mystery and terror. Jim's wife, Elisabeth, is a trauma surgeon and the newest addition to Terra Nova's medical team. Josh is their 17-year-old son who is torn to leave life as he knows it behind; upon arriving at the settlement, he finds himself instantly drawn to the beautiful and rule-breaking Skye. Maddy, Josh's endearingly awkward 15-year-old sister, hopes Terra Nova will give her a chance to reinvent herself. .
516	Terra Nova	Genesis (2)	Action	7.8	Although Elisabeth's medical training secured the family a spot on the pilgrimage, a secret involving their five-year-old daughter, Zoe, soon endangers their place in this utopia. Upon the Shannons' arrival, they are introduced to Cmdr. Nathaniel Taylor, the charismatic and heroic first pioneer and leader of the settlement. Taylor warns the travelers that while Terra Nova is a place of new opportunities and fresh beginnings, all is not as idyllic as it initially appears. Along with blue skies, towering waterfalls and lush vegetation, the surrounding terrain is teeming with danger - and not just of the man-eating dinosaur variety. There is also a splinter colony of renegades led by the battle-hardened Mira, who is vehemently opposed to Taylor and his leadership
516	Terra Nova	Instinct	Action	7.8	When Terra Nova comes under attack from a legion of Pterosaurs, Jim and Taylor must find a way to save the colony before it's completely overtaken. Elisabeth discovers a former flame is also living in Terra Nova and may have been responsible for her recruitment. Syke tries to make Josh feel at home and Reynolds get protective of Maddy.
516	Terra Nova	What Remains	Action	7.8	When Elisabeth, Jim, Malcolm and Taylor investigate radio silence at a nearby scientific outpost, they discover an outbreak of a mysterious virus causing memory loss, paranoia and eventually death. The group must work together to find a cure before they lose their sanity and all of Terra Nova is infected.
516	Terra Nova	The Runaway	Action	7.8	When an orphaned "Sixer" girl comes to Terra Nova seeking asylum, Jim and Shannon are at odds if they can trust her; Mira plots to reclaim a valued possession; Taylor begins to suspect there is a traitor in his midst and Reynolds admits his feelings for Maddy.
516	Terra Nova	Bylaw	Action	7.8	The colony falls victim to its first murder, and Jim and Taylor must find the perpetrator. Also, Skye helps Josh find a way to get Kira, his girlfriend from 2149, to the past, while Elisabeth and Zoe race to help an unborn Ankylosaurus survive.
516	Terra Nova	Nightfall	Action	7.8	Crashing meteor wipes out all technology and wreaks havoc on the colony. Meanwhile, Maddy and Reynolds are stuck out in the wilderness, Elisabeth and Skye work together to save a life and Taylor tries to prevent Mira and the "Sixers" from invading Terra Nova. Also, a mystery man makes his presence known.
516	Terra Nova	Proof	Action	7.8	Maddy starts interning for the colony's greatest scientist, and her life is put in danger when she discovers a terrible secret. Meanwhile, Josh makes a deal with the devil in order to solidify his plan to bring his girlfriend from the future to Terra Nova.
516	Terra Nova	Vs.	Action	7.8	As Taylor searches for the "Sixer" mole within Terra Nova, Jim stumbles onto an old murder, for which Taylor is the prime suspect.
516	Terra Nova	Now You See Me	Action	7.8	Taylor and Mira square-off in the jungle where he learns more about her plans and about his son. But then they both face a pre-historic enemy they must conquer together. Meanwhile, the "Sixer" mole scrambles to cover its tracks as Terra Nova goes on lockdown and Jim closes in. Also, Zoe faces a difficult decision as the Ankylosaur she has been caring for grows rapidly.
516	Terra Nova	Within	Action	7.8	Lucas races to assemble the final pieces of his mystery device, in advance of the 11th Pilgrimage's arrival. Also, Jim and Taylor confront the colony's "Sixer" mole, Skye is reunited with a familiar face and Terra Nova prepares for war.
516	Terra Nova	Occupation (Part 1)	Action	7.8	The11th Pilgrimage arrives in Terra Nova and the mysterious Phoenix Group in 2149 makes its move to pillage the past with the help of Lucas and Mira.
516	Terra Nova	Resistance (Part 2)	Action	7.8	Jim and Taylor team up in a last stand against the Phoenix Group, a colonist makes the ultimate sacrifice and a decision is made that will change life in Terra Nova forever.
517	Psych	Psych	Comedy	9.3	PSYCH is a quick-witted comedy starring James Roday as young police consultant Shawn Spencer, who solves crimes with powers of observation so acute that Santa Barbara PD detectives think he's psychic. Psych also stars Dule Hill as Shawn's best friend and reluctant sidekick, Gus, and Corbin Bernsen as Shawn's disapproving father, Henry, who ironically was the one who honed his son's "observation" skills as a child.
517	Psych	Pilot	Comedy	9.3	Shawn Spencer is always moving on to the next fun thing and has never held a job for more than six months. He also has an incredible eye for detail and a near photographic memory, a skill drilled into him since he was young by his overbearing cop father. It's this ability that enables him to solve crimes just by watching the stories on the news. But as he goes in to pick up his reward check for one such helpful tip, he's hauled into questioning by Detective Lassiter for being in on the crime. No one could have that kind of information and not be on the inside. Backed into a corner, accused of being a partner in the crime, Shawn talks his way out of incarceration by claiming he got the information psychically. Since there's no way to disprove his claim, the police have to let him go.
517	Psych	Spellingg Bee	Comedy	9.3	Gus is a closet fan of spelling bees. He knows everything there is to know, from the major players to the winning words each year. When Shawn catches him watching the Regional Spelling Bee that he Tivo'd earlier, they see that this year's favorite, Brendan Vu, collapsed while spelling a word. Shawn doesn't think it was an accident. He notices something is wrong with Brendan's inhaler. They get a call from Interim Chief Vick to come down and investigate. This is Gus' dream come true.
517	Psych	Speak Now or Forever Hold Your Piece	Comedy	9.3	Attorney General Maxwell's son Dylan is getting married. Only problem, the engagement ring, a family heirloom worth $5 million, has been stolen from the safe at the hotel where the wedding is to take place. Shawn, at the police station on another case, sneaks into the interview room where Dylan and his fiancé Bethany are waiting, along with Dylan's sister, and Bethany's maid of honor, Lacey. In the minute he has before Lassiter comes in and catches him, he's able to get all the information on the case -- along with an invitation to the wedding that weekend.
517	Psych	Woman Seeking Dead Husband: Smokers Okay, No Pets	Comedy	9.3	Raylene Wilcroft, the widow of notorious bank robber David Wilcroft, is brought into the police station by Lassiter and Juliet to warn her that her husband's partners are being paroled. Since the money was never found, the police figure the convicts will come after Raylene for the cash, but she insists that her husband was the only one who knew where it was hidden, and he died in a car accident before he could divulge its location. Luckily for Raylene, Shawn and Gus happen to be at the station, and, overhearing that she is a psychic enthusiast, introduce themselves to her.
517	Psych	9 Lives	Comedy	9.3	Shawn and Gus crash a crime scene of an apparent suicide. One of several in the last few months. This one was an overdose of pills, or so it seems. While in the apartment, though, Shawn notices a few things that might point more toward murder. When no one believes his psychic vision of foul play, he insists he's not leaving until he talks to the witness - the victim's cat.
517	Psych	Weekend Warriors	Comedy	9.3	Head Detective Lassiter is in charge of the annual Civil War reenactment. Shawn knows watching the meltdowns at the rehearsals is more fun than the actual show, and so he and Gus, a history buff, show up to watch. This year they are reenacting the Battle of Piper's Cove, in which a nurse, played by Sally Reynolds, kills Confederate Captain Quantrill, played by Nelson Poe. Sally ends up missing her cue, so Lassiter stops rehearsal only to find Nelson dead for real.
517	Psych	Who Ya Gonna Call?	Comedy	9.3	Dr. Blinn, a Santa Barbara psychiatrist, has been murdered in his office. Shawn and Gus show up at the crime scene and are promptly removed by Lassiter, but not before Shawn gets a quick look around - blunt force trauma to the head, the weapon and a chewed toothpick next to the body.
517	Psych	Shawn vs. the Red Phantom	Comedy	9.3	Interim Chief Vick and Detective Lassiter are out of town on their way to a seminar on non-lethal weaponry, which leaves only Juliet to deal with a mother who comes to the station claiming her son, Malone Breyfogle, is missing. However, since her son is 18, the police can't get involved for 48 hours. Juliet believes something has happened to him, and so she enlists Shawn's help to investigate immediately.
517	Psych	Forget Me Not	Comedy	9.3	Henry's old boss, Captain Connors, and his daughter Trish come to the Psych Agency for help. Connors, who is suffering from early onset Alzheimer's, thinks he's solved a murder but he can't remember who's been killed or who the killer is. The police don't believe him so he asks Shawn to psychically look into his head for the answers. Since Connors was always great to him as a kid, Shawn agrees to take the case.
517	Psych	From Earth to Starbucks	Comedy	9.3	Shawn's powers of observation work against him when he cannot help but reconcile his gorgeous Friday night date with her ex-boyfriend after solving the mystery of his series of white lies. Now alone in a bar, he spots Lassiter at a table, drinking heavily, marking a sad anniversary. Lassiter invites Shawn over and proceeds to pour his heart out, confessing that Shawn's skills astound him. While he doesn't believe he's psychic, Shawn somehow guarantees an arrest, whereas Lassiter, who used to be a great cop, now can't even solve the murder of a local astronomer. Everyone thinks Bryant Vallery died of natural causes, but the guy was relatively young and lived a healthy lifestyle. Lassiter tells Shawn that he knows there's more to it but can't prove it - then proceeds to pass out.
517	Psych	He Loves Me, He Loves Me Not, He Loves Me, Oops, He's Dead	Comedy	9.3	Vick wants Lassiter to take a case that he really doesn't want to. He looks up and sees Shawn and Gus putting on a psychic show for the other officers and gets an idea. He calls them over and says he's got a case for them. He hands Shawn the case file and tells him the victim is waiting to give a statement. As they walk into the interrogation room, they find a fully unclothed man, Fred Turk. With Lassiter happily watching through the one-way glass, Shawn and Gus proceed to give a very uncomfortable interview in which Turk claims he was abducted by aliens. As Turk tells them he woke up naked in a field with a headache, Shawn spots a faded ink mark on the guy's hand and chafe marks on the back of his heels.
517	Psych	Cloudy Chance of Murder	Comedy	9.3	Shawn's motorcycle has been impounded, so he and Gus go down to the courthouse to pay the ticket and free the bike. While there, Shawn notices a sweet woman picking up a piece of trash in the hallway. Back at the Psych office, Shawn sees the same woman, Sandra Panitch, on TV. It turns out, she's on trial for the brutal murder of a favorite local TV weatherman, Jackson Hale. She is accused of having sex with him at the studio, then bludgeoning him over the head. But from what Shawn saw of her earlier, he's immediately convinced of her innocence. And from what he sees on TV now, he knows her bumbling, insecure lawyer, Adam Hornstock, needs their help to win the case.
517	Psych	Game, Set... Muuurder?	Comedy	9.3	Shawn comes to the police station, bored, looking for a case. Gus is out of town at a retreat with his company. While at the station, Shawn sees a man, Leonard Sirtis, talking to Chief Vick. His daughter, Deanna, a highly ranked local tennis player, is missing. The prime suspect is a former stalker of hers, Felix Alvarez. Vick relents to let Shawn to locate Deanna psychically while the cops follow conventional leads.
517	Psych	Poker? I Barely Know Her	Comedy	9.3	Shawn and Gus are hanging out in the Psych office when Henry pays a visit. He criticizes everything about the place until Shawn stops him. They are waiting for an appointment. Henry says he is their appointment. A friend of his, Bill Peterson, called him and said he thinks his son Brandon is mixed up in something bad. He doesn't want to call the police and Henry inadvertently made him think Shawn could help. Henry leaves just as Peterson arrives. He tells them that Brandon used to work for him but he fired him in an attempt at tough love. He's been evicted from his apartment, had his cell phone turned off and forged a check of Peterson's for thirty thousand dollars. Now's he's missing. Shawn and Gus, deliberately against Henry's wishes, say they can help.
517	Psych	Scary Sherry: Bianca's Toast	Comedy	9.3	On Halloween night in 1985, Shawn and Gus witness a troubled girl throw herself from her window at the Wispy Sunny Pines mental institution. From that moment on, "Scary Sherry" has haunted the halls of the now abandoned facility where we find a girl, Doreen Harthan, being chased by what appears to be her ghost through the halls of Wispy Sunny Pines, falling through the same window to her death below.
517	Psych	American Duos	Comedy	9.3	American Duos, Gus' favorite reality show, has come to Santa Barbara. Even better, its cantankerous host, Nigel St. Nigel has not only been receiving death threats and has already survived a couple of attempts on his life. He needs protection and does not trust the police. He needs someone who can anticipate his stalker's next move, yet can blend in and not attract attention. Shawn already has the perfect idea. He and Gus will become contestants on American Duos.
517	Psych	65 Million Years Off	Comedy	9.3	Detective Lassiter is on a roll. He's closed nine cases in a row and since he's been on such a hot streak, the department hasn't had to call for outside help, leaving Shawn feeling very unneeded. When a dead body is found on the beach, Lassiter invites Shawn along to show him how it's done. At the crime scene, there is little to go on except puncture wounds on the body. Desperate to get on the case, Shawn looks at the marks and claims he knows who is responsible - a Tyrannosaurus Rex.
517	Psych	Psy vs. Psy	Comedy	9.3	Shawn and Gus get called in for an important meeting in Chief Vick's office but when they get there they are surprised to find Special Agent Lars Ewing of the Treasury Department, who is in town on a counterfeiting case and has brought along his partner, Lindsay Leikin, a psychic who not only has had great success on this case already but is determined to prove Shawn a fake.
517	Psych	Zero to Murder in Sixty Seconds	Comedy	9.3	A case involving a chop shop owner has Shawn having second thoughts, triggering an unexpected first for the would-be detective.
517	Psych	And Down the Stretch Comes Murder	Comedy	9.3	Jimmy Nickels, Shawn and Gus' childhood bully, has called and is coming to see them at the Psych office. The guys are scared but determined not to give up their lunch money again, until they open the door to see that Jimmy has not grown an inch since they last saw him, which is one of the reasons he became such a successful jockey. He's come to hire them. He's been losing his races and he doesn't know why. Despite Gus' protests, Shawn agrees to take the case. He has felt guilty ever since he turned Jimmy in for hitting a teacher with a spitball, which led to Jimmy's expulsion. Shawn feels he owes him.
517	Psych	Meat Is Murder, but Murder Is Also Murder	Comedy	9.3	Gus' Uncle Burton is in town for a visit, and since Gus has spent all his life trying to live up to his namesake's expectations, he does not correct him when he mistakenly hears that it's Gus who is the psychic detective, for fear of disappointing him yet again. That means that when Uncle Burton tags along on their investigation into the death of Vince Wagner, a prominent restaurant critic, Shawn must help Gus find clues while Gus pretends to be psychic. Shawn looks around and sees leftover containers and evidence of bad cooking. He leads Gus to a "vision," quickly disregarding the wife as a suspect. She was a bad cook, but she was trying to get her husband to eat healthy, not kill him.
517	Psych	If You're So Smart, Then Why Are You Dead?	Comedy	9.3	Two teenagers, Shockley and Goddard, come to the Psych office to hire Shawn and Gus for a case. They need help and the police won't take them seriously since they are kids. One of their teachers at the Meitner School for gifted students has killed someone and in two days, he'll kill again. The problem is, they don't know which teacher it is, who he killed or who his next victim will be. When they broke into school late one night to pull a prank, they accidentally hacked into a cell phone call being made from the campus. The only other information they could get is that the killer has a deep voice and a cousin named Muriel.
517	Psych	Rob-a-Bye Baby	Comedy	9.3	Interim Chief Vick calls Shawn and Gus down to the station. She has something big and top secret to talk to them about. The guys are excited until she tells them she wants them to find her a new nanny. Her last nanny left, she hasn't slept in weeks and she needs them to psychically screen the candidates for her.
517	Psych	Bounty Hunters!	Comedy	9.3	The Santa Barbara police department is on high alert. Dwayne Tancana, arrested for the home invasion robbery turned murder of Isabella Cole, escaped custody on his way to arraignment by head-butting Juliet as they rounded a corner. Now it's a full on manhunt, and to Lassiter's chagrin, the victim's husband has hired bounty hunter Byrd Tatums to ensure his wife's killer is found and brought to justice. Juliet is eager to get out there and correct her mistake, but unfortunately Lassiter has to bench her at the office, ensuring her he'll use every resource to find Tancana. Juliet takes him literally and calls in Shawn and Gus. Lassiter tells them they are only to locate Tancana and call them in. He's too dangerous for them to bring in themselves, he explains, and shows them pictures of Isabella's strangled corpse as proof.
517	Psych	Gus' Dad May Have Killed an Old Guy	Comedy	9.3	It's Christmastime and the Gusters have invited Shawn and Henry over for dinner, one of only a handful of such invitations ever extended to the Spencers since Bill and Winnie Guster have always thought of Shawn as a bad influence on their son. After their meal, during which Shawn tries to prove he's actually been a help to Gus over the years, the group goes caroling through the old neighborhood, starting with everyone's most hated neighbor - Old Man Fuller. But when they get up to the house, Shawn knocks on the front door, which swings open to reveal Fuller, hanging from the banister.
517	Psych	There's Something About Mira	Comedy	9.3	Shawn and Gus are being followed by the worst P.I. ever. Shawn's actually taken pictures of himself being surveilled over the last few days. Finally they confront their stalker, who lights a cigarette and confesses that he was hired by Gus' wife. Gus admits to a shocked Shawn that he met Mira Gaffney when he was in Mexico on Spring Break in 1997. She was crazy and could get him to do things no one else could, like skydiving and getting married on a drunken binge. Shawn insists on coming with Gus to meet her and Gus agrees, making Shawn promise not to let him get sucked back into Hurricane Mira again.
517	Psych	The Old and the Restless	Comedy	9.3	Shawn and Gus have run into a problem on their latest case. They are investigating the disappearance of Oswald Chester in a place that is impossible to sneak into, Glorious Pines, the most exclusive retirement community in Santa Barbara. They convince Henry to go undercover as Talmadge McGulager, who has actually gotten in off the wait list. However, Shawn has already informed the real Talmadge that he cannot move in for three more days giving them time to investigate. Once inside, they hook up with their client, Jervis Kent. Jervis is a security guard with minimal clearance but he did manage to get Talmadge the empty bed in Oswald's room. Oswald disappeared three days ago but the Glorious Pines staff and the police refuse to investigate since Oswald has a history of disappearing then reappearing a few days later. But Jervis, being Oswald's best friend, knows that this time is different. Shawn spots Oswald's wallet next to a rope bracelet on the nightstand. He concludes that Oswald wouldn't voluntarily take off without money and an ID. Gus sees that he's left his blood pressure medication behind as well. Shawn notices evidence that Oswald was training for a marathon and deduces he probably went missing on one of his practice runs.
517	Psych	Lights, Camera...Homicidio	Comedy	9.3	The police have called Shawn and Gus down to the television studio. There has been a murder on the set of the telenovela "Explosion Gigantesca de Romance," Gus' favorite soap opera. But when they get to the set, Lassiter says Juliet jumped the gun calling them and the case is open and shut, in fact the whole thing was caught on tape. One of the actors, Jorge Gama-Lobo stabbed the victim during one of the scenes. But Jorge insists someone switched the prop knife for a real one without his knowledge. Shawn looks around and sees a long hair on the murder weapon. He also watches playback of the incident and can see the genuine surprise on Jorge's face. He claims Jorge is innocent. Vick tell him he's not under arrest yet, he's just been temporarily suspended from the show. Gus can't believe it. Jorge's character is in the middle of an important love triangle with the character Corrine. Shawn tells Vick about the hair on the knife that clearly wasn't Jorge's and asks for one day to investigate at the show. She agrees.
517	Psych	Dis-Lodged	Comedy	9.3	Henry is sick, Shawn tells Gus. He called to cancel their weekend camping trip in the mountains and Shawn couldn't be more thrilled, until he catches his dad driving through town, the picture of health. Now Shawn has to know why he was ditched, and he and Gus follow Henry to the Monarch Lodge, where they discover Henry is a member. After Shawn perfectly repeats the secret handshake, they enter the lodge to find Henry in a room full of robed lodge members, surrounding a dead body on the floor. The brothers have called Henry in for help, but he insists he's retired both from the force and the lodge and calls the police. Gus, meanwhile, realizes he's in a room full of doctors, and gingerly steps around the body to start networking. Shawn tells Henry that the deceased, Arthur Holmstrom, was murdered, possibly by poison, and no one in the room seems to be upset about his death. Henry's friend Ted Archibald, who called them in, is worried they did something wrong during Arthur's Patriarch ceremony. He had a ceremonial hood on for twenty minutes, and is worried Arthur might have suffocated. Lassiter and Juliet arrive at the scene. It turns out Lassiter has always wanted to be a member but has been blackballed by his soon to be former father-in-law, Irving Parker. Now Lassiter is determined to solve the case quickly to impress Irving and the rest of the lodge members. Meanwhile, Gus has been busy locking down an appointment with Dr. Downs, who has a large practice and is a big purchaser of pharmaceuticals.
517	Psych	Black and Tan: A Crime of Fashion	Comedy	9.3	It's Gus' birthday and Shawn gets him the ultimate present. They are both on the VIP list for the fall launch party for Ciao clothing as the modeling team "Black and Tan." Once in, Gus is excited to see his favorite unknown model, Berlinda Desidovicz, and as he goes over to talk to her, Shawn notices one of Ciao's owners, Ciaobella, berate her assistant and throw a green shake onto the ground. Just then, the other owner, Ciaobella's husband Gregor Uwe-Steeb, gets up to give a speech. He starts by saying he did all the designs for the new line, then as he reaches down to adjust the mic stand, he's electrocuted to death.
517	Psych	Shawn (and Gus) of the Dead	Comedy	9.3	It's four a.m. and an alarm is going off at the Santa Barbara History Museum. Lassiter and Juliet rush in to find that the mummy from the exhibit that opened yesterday is missing along with Hastings, the night watchman, who it turns out has a criminal record. That, combined with the fact that the mummy, along with everything else in the museum, is of so little monetary value that the board of directors keeps postponing the overhaul of the security system, leads Lassiter to conclude this case isn't worth his time. He's been in the papers lately because he's been trying to prove that the death of wealthy philanthropist William Wyles III was no accident, as was originally thought. He tells Juliet to put out an APB on Hastings' car and goes to leave but Sophie, the assistant curator, insists there's more going on. The alarm was triggered from the inside of the museum and although the security isn't top notch, nowhere on any of the footage does the culprit or the mummy appear. She thinks there's something potentially supernatural going on and she wants the paleosleuth who discovered Zippy the Dinosaur on the case. For once, Lassiter is happy to oblige. So Juliet calls Shawn, who is awake and in the middle taking pictures of a married man having an affair outside a cheesy motel. He finishes that and comes straight down to the museum where he sees fingerprints on the inside of the glass mummy case and footprints leading away from the exit door. There is something weird going on here, he tells them. The mummy got up and walked out.
517	Psych	Ghosts	Comedy	9.3	Shawn's mother Madeleine is back in town to conduct psych evaluations for the police department, and the way she and Henry easily fell back into old habits has Shawn out of sorts. Unfortunately Gus can't offer moral support because he has his own trouble at work. His supervisor, Ogletree found out Gus has been moonlighting at the Psych agency, which not only is against the rules of the exclusivity contract he has with Central Coast, it also has been eating into company time. Ogletree gives him an ultimatum. He either quits the Psych agency or he's fired.
517	Psych	Murder?...Anyone?...Anyone?...Bueller?	Comedy	9.3	Gus is in charge of his and Shawn's high school reunion and he wants the night to go perfectly. He warns Shawn not to mess things up, then instructs him to go find more folding chairs. While Shawn heads to the cafeteria with Abigail, his high school crush, he sees, out the window behind her, someone fall to their death from the roof. But by the time they grab Gus and head outside, there is no sign of a body. Gus and Abigail don't believe anything happened, but Shawn claims the victim was wearing a letterman's jacket and, after they walk away, he spots part of a lapel pin in the grass.
517	Psych	Daredevils!	Comedy	9.3	When Shawn and Gus get tickets to a daredevil show as payment for a job, Shawn notices that Dutch "The Clutch" Jenkins' fuel line has been cut just as his motorcycle flies through a ring of fire. Luckily Dutch survives the stunt, and Shawn, convinced someone tried to kill him, thinks the culprit will try again. He and Gus head backstage, where they express their fears to Louis, Dutch's son, who tells them something similar happened on his father's last two stunts. He'd love to hire a psychic detective to get to the bottom of things but money is tight for the family right now. After Shawn offers their services in exchange for an autograph, Louis tells them that Dutch is a skeptic who keeps his inner circle locked down tight, but he has an idea how to get around that.
517	Psych	The Greatest Adventure in the History of Basic Cable	Comedy	9.3	Shawn, Gus and Henry return from a night at the movies to find that Henry's younger brother Jack is back in town and has broken into the house. Shawn finds him crouched by the coffee table in the living room. The guys are elated to see him but Henry is less than thrilled. Where they have always been enamored by Jack's wanderlust and fantastic stories of his worldwide adventures, Henry has always known his younger brother to be unreliable and irresponsible. Jack always wants something, and when Henry questions his motives for being back, he confesses that he wants their help to find the French pirate Bouchard's hidden treasure. Henry claims the legend of Bouchard's cache of stolen Spanish gold is just a story and the treasure doesn't exist. But Jack proves him wrong as he pulls out an ancient treasure map he discovered while traveling in Argentina. See, Bouchard, after a battle with the Spanish fleet and the Chumash Indians, made off with the gold then disappeared at sea, only to turn up in Argentina years later. Now Jack, armed with a map and a psychic detective, is positive he can find the treasure, and offers Shawn and Gus a fifty-fifty split. They jump on board.
517	Psych	Disco Didn't Die. It Was Murdered!	Comedy	9.3	Chief Vick calls Shawn and Gus down to the station after a handful of old convictions get overturned. They have to reopen the all the investigations and need Shawn's help on one in particular - Eugene Franks, who was caught with explosives meant to bomb police headquarters. It was the biggest case of Henry's career but Vick stresses that he can in no way be involved in the investigation. Henry's no longer on the force and could compromise any new evidence they find. But by the time Shawn and Gus get back to the Psych office, Henry is there waiting for them and wants in. Shawn refuses. As Henry leaves, he stresses that he knows he got the right guy and stopping him saved a lot of lives.
517	Psych	There Might Be Blood	Comedy	9.3	After Safety Inspector Butch Hicks falls to his death off an offshore oil rig, Chief Vick enlists Shawn and Gus' help with the case. As she takes them out to the crime scene on the police boat, she tells them they received an anonymous tip that something highly unsafe was happening on the rig and the caller was risking his life to warn them. When Shawn and Gus ask why she didn't enlist help from her detectives or the Coast Guard, she tells them they are working more in an unofficial capacity. Just then, they are pulled over by the Coast Guard, whose commander, Barbara Dunbar, questions Vick's authority over the Hicks case. As they are arguing over jurisdictional lines, Shawn realizes they are sisters.
517	Psych	Talk Derby to Me	Comedy	9.3	Vick calls Shawn and Gus in after a group of fast moving and highly organized thieves pull a smash and grab robbery at a department store. It is the third such hit in a month and the cops have no leads. Gus is a little distracted. He's studying for his pharmaceutical rep recertification exam and is annoyed when some green goo from the store ends up on his study guide. As soon as Shawn takes a look at the security tapes, he knows immediately that the perpetrators were women. On the way out of the store, he sees skid marks across the floor and puts it together - the thieves are roller derby athletes.
517	Psych	Gus Walks into a Bank	Comedy	9.3	Gus leaves Shawn waiting in the car while he goes inside a bank to make a deposit. He's only in there a few minutes before a woman spots a gun in the jacket pocket of another customer. She screams and the man is forced to pull out his weapon and take everyone in the bank hostage. One of the tellers hits the silent alarm button, bringing the cops screeching up outside the bank next to Shawn, who is unaware of what has just transpired inside. When Lassiter and Juliet inform him of the situation, Shawn is immediately worried for Gus. The cops quickly set up a command center and are able to access the security feed from the bank. Shawn sees the man holding a gun on the bank manager, stealing something from a safety deposit box. But before Shawn can investigate further, the SWAT team arrives and their negotiator, Luntz, takes over. Shawn steps away from the crowd and dials Gus' cell phone. Inside the bank, the gunman hears a cell phone ring and becomes agitated. When he asks whose phone is ringing, Gus doesn't move, but he is quickly outed by another terrified hostage. The gunman destroys Gus' cell and confiscates the phones of all the other hostages. Luntz calls into the bank to start negotiating and is quickly able to get the gunman to give up his name, Phil Stubbins, and to agree to accept pizzas for one of the hostages who is diabetic. Shawn is frustrated to be marginalized by Luntz, and tries to convince Lassiter and Juliet to act on their own. Lassiter refuses, saying it's protocol and Juliet defends Luntz to the point where Shawn is able to deduce that they are dating. Unable to get any traction with them, he goes directly to Vick and Luntz, who has since found out that Phil owes money to the IRS and his house was recently foreclosed on. Shawn tries to convince him to send him into the bank, saying he can divine more information from the situation than another cop. But Luntz has had enough of Shawn, and makes him stand behind the barricade with the spectators. As Luntz is about to send the pizzas inside, Phil calls, suspicious that the person coming in is a cop. He insists someone from the crowd bring them in, so Luntz is forced to use Shawn after all.
517	Psych	Christmas Joy	Comedy	9.3	Eight-year-old Brittany comes into the Psych office in desperate need of help. She wants to hire Shawn and Gus to get Santa out of jail. She saw him being arrested at the mall and they need to get him out by Christmas Eve so he can deliver all the presents. She is so distraught that they agree to look into it as soon as they stop by the Gusters' to see Gus' big sister Joy, who has come home for the holidays. Gus is excited to see her but Shawn's feelings are mixed. He and Joy had a secret one-time fling and he doesn't want history to repeat itself behind his best friend's back. But Joy would love to pick things up where they left off and so jumps at Gus' offer for her to tag along on their Santa investigation.
517	Psych	Six Feet Under the Sea	Comedy	9.3	Shawn is annoyed when he learns Gus tricked him into attending a funeral for a sea lion. But Gus protests that Shabby isn't any sea lion. His story of being rescued and rehabilitated is famous, so much so that Randy Labayda of Animal Planet fame, who just released Shabby back into the wild, is giving the eulogy. When Shawn goes up to pay his respects to Shabby's open casket, he notices a strange hole in his flipper and tells Gus he thinks Shabby was murdered. April McCarthur, an official looking woman wearing an aquarium pin, overhears Shawn and promptly asks them both to follow her out of the funeral. Gus is annoyed with Shawn for getting them kicked out, but April tells them she has had similar suspicions regarding the circumstances of Shabby's death. Labayda's cameraman slows as he hears them talking, so April asks if she can meet them somewhere later.
517	Psych	Lassie Did a Bad, Bad Thing	Comedy	9.3	There is a thunderstorm in Santa Barbara that has been causing the electricity to flicker on and off, but that doesn't stop Lassiter from making the bust of his career. Five years ago, he arrested Ernesto Chavez, second in command of the Cinco Reyes street gang, but the D.A. couldn't make the charges stick and Chavez disappeared. This time around, they've got enough hard evidence to get a conviction, something that Detective Drimmer and his gang unit has been unable to do. Everyone turns to watch Lassiter bring in Chavez, who glares at McNab as he walks by. Lassiter, then, hands off Chavez to be processed and put in a cell as he is called into Vick's office where the FBI is waiting for him. Lassiter is furious to learn that Chavez cut a deal with the Feds and will be entering a witness relocation program, thus avoiding prosecution. Vick orders an angry Lassiter to retrieve Chavez from his cell and turn him over. He leaves and the lights flicker out once again, only this time a shot is heard in the darkness. The lights come back on and everyone runs down to the holding cells to find Lassiter standing over a dead Chavez with a smoking gun in his hands.
517	Psych	Earth, Wind and...Wait for It	Comedy	9.3	Arson Inspector Morgan Conrad has come to the police for help. A building burned down under what she believes is suspicious circumstances but, since the fire superficially appears to be accidental, she is getting no support from her department. Shawn and Gus, who used to want to be firemen when they grew up, volunteer their assistance. Shawn, Gus, Lassiter and Juliet go with Morgan to the scene where they run into her boss, Army Johnson, who tells them that the building had no fire insurance, so there is no motive for arson. Plus, arson is so rare, he hasn't seen a case since way back to his firefighting days. But Morgan counters that one of the fireman on the scene reported smelling something sweet, a sign of an accelerant. As Shawn looks around the scene, he notices that one of the walls lacks insulation. He grabs a pipe and smashes it into the wall, revealing a blackened skeleton hidden inside. Now it's not just arson, it's murder.
517	Psych	Any Given Friday Night at 10PM, 9PM Central	Comedy	9.3	Chief Vick calls Shawn and Gus down to the station. Shawn asks if he's finally getting an official cop badge but instead he is told that a severed foot was found by hikers on a trail near Lake Cachuma. The foot was in plain sight, so the cops believe it was meant to be found. They may have a murder on their hands and they need Shawn to psychically figure out to whom the foot belongs. From scars and other identifiers, Shawn and Gus deduce that the foot belongs to Vlad Alexavic, the pro-kicker for the Thunderbirds. He always kicks without a shoe and hasn't been at training camp, supposedly because he is holding out. Shawn and Gus show up at training camp and meet Lassiter and Juliet there. They talk to the coach, Sammy Winslow, a retired quarterback and childhood hero of Shawn's. Sammy is shocked to hear about Vlad and grants them access to the team. Lassiter and Juliet interview the players. One of them, Matt Tompkins, tells them he heard Vlad owed bookies and recently lost even more money after failing to open a nightclub with one of his Russian cousins. Meanwhile, Shawn and Gus find Vlad's cell phone in his locker and see that he received a threatening text message. Lassiter thinks it all points to the Russian mob but Shawn worries the evidence was too easy to find. As the cops get a proper search warrant for Vlad's belongings, Shawn and Gus talk Sammy into letting them investigate undercover with the team.
517	Psych	Truer Lies	Comedy	9.3	Shawn and Gus are at the police station when the cops bring in Ryan Bainsworth for murder. Ryan's hands are covered in blood but he insists he's innocent. Juliet tells them they've arrested Lyin' Ryan, a notorious compulsive liar who has called in countless tips only to lead the cops on wild goose chases. It looks like this time Ryan actually committed a crime himself. Shawn and Gus follow Juliet to the observation room, where they listen to Lassiter questioning Ryan on the murder of his super in his apartment. Ryan claims that he asked his super to fix his disposal after clogging it with cinnamon sticks and lemon wedges from a marinade and to check the pipes because the polarity is off and the water drains counterclockwise. When he got home he found his super bloody on the floor and tried to revive him. He insists the real culprits are actually two hired assassins. He tells Lassiter that the night before, he was in a restaurant eating special twice-fried fries, when a car crashed through a window across the street. As he turned to look, he overheard a guy with curly q's on his face talking to his companion about killing someone with his belt buckle. Obviously, the assassins realized he overheard them, came to kill him and got his super instead. When Lassiter, who isn't buying any of this, asks how they would know how to find him, Ryan admits he put up flyers around the neighborhood in an attempt to find them and stop them. The cops are incredulous but Ryan is desperate, saying that if they don't believe him someone else is going to die. Fortunately, Shawn sees that this time Lyin' Ryan is telling the truth.
517	Psych	Tuesday the 17th	Comedy	9.3	One of Shawn and Gus' old camp buddies, Jason Cunningham, comes to them for help. He bought Camp Tikihama and is planning to reopen it, but one of his counselors has gone missing. Shawn, who was less friendly with Jason than Gus was, suggests he contact the authorities. But Jason explains that he's not positive anything has actually happened to her. Annie is mostly a loner who often goes off on her own. And involving the authorities would invite possibly unnecessary negative press that might kill the camp before it's even open.
517	Psych	An Evening with Mr. Yang	Comedy	9.3	Shawn and Gus are at a restaurant having lunch, or more like breakfast in Shawn's case, who is eating cereal in an attempt to break the "Breakfast Served Until" barriers. As Shawn launches into his usual flirting routine with the waitress, Gus calls him on never taking relationships seriously. So Shawn, in an effort to prove him wrong, calls Abigail Lytar, his high school crush he reconnected with at his reunion, and asks her on a proper date. The guys are then summoned down to the police station. The Yin Yang Killer, a serial killer who was active when Henry was a cop then went silent, is back and wants to toy with the department again, this time singling out Shawn as his primary playmate. Mary Lightly, the police profiler, explains that Mr. Yang challenges the cops with the opportunity to save his victims by solving his riddles. Yang has just sent them another one, along with a stopwatch. They have an hour and ten minutes to solve the riddle and save his latest victim. Henry storms into the station, having heard that Mr. Yang is back and has set his sights on his son. He forbids Shawn to get involved with the case, explaining that if Yang has targeted him, he has also targeted the people he loves. But someone's life is in danger and Shawn has no choice but to play along. He figures out the riddle and is shocked to discover the target is the waitress he was flirting with earlier. They all arrive at the restaurant to find the waitress missing and a yin yang symbol with a streak of blood on her locker. Yang has left them another riddle and a stopwatch, this time giving them only eighteen minutes. Shawn realizes their next location is the police station, and he heads back to find Madeleine there waiting for him. She reiterates Henry's concerns, but Shawn tells his mom he's got this one and will wrap it up in time for his date with Abigail. Madeleine hopes he's right and wishes him luck.
517	Psych	Extradition: British Columbia	Comedy	9.3	Shawn and Gus are on the slopes on their ski vacation in Whistler, British Columbia when Shawn spots wanted international art thief Pierre Despereaux. Despereaux is so good, he's never left enough evidence behind to be formally accused and so promptly gives Shawn and Gus the slip. Shawn goes to the Mounties for help, who need very little convincing of his psychic abilities. Deputy Commissioner Dykstra calls Lassiter to ask for Despereaux's files to be sent up, and Lassiter insists on being part of the investigation. Lassiter and Juliet arrive in Canada just in time to meet Shawn and Gus at Despereaux's latest crime scene. The thief has stolen an antique necklace worth several million dollars. Shawn notices a spot on the wall where a painting used to be and assumes Despereaux stole that as well. The owner says he sold that painting two weeks ago. Lassiter sees all the telltale signs of Despereaux - no fingerprints, no alarms tripped and a signature Merchanteuse Blonde cigarette burning in an ashtray - but not Despereaux himself. Shawn spots flowers in a vase inexplicably moving, like in a wind. But they are in a high-rise condo. Shawn tracks the source of the breeze to a window slightly cracked open. He pushes the widow open and looks up to see a shoe disappearing onto the roof. Shawn rejoins the group and claims Despereaux is on the roof of the building. Lassiter is skeptical, but Shawn and Gus race up to catch the thief, who compliments them on a vast improvement on their skills from the horrendous skiing of the day before. Then he excuses himself, saying he's going back to his room - and jumps off the building. By the time Lassiter and the rest of the Mounties arrive, Despereaux has disappeared, leading everyone except true believer Corporal Mackintosh to doubt he was ever there at all.
517	Psych	He Dead	Comedy	9.3	Chief Vick calls Shawn and Gus to the forest to aid in the search for billionaire Warren Clayton's downed plane. They arrive at the wreckage before the police and find Clayton inside, barely alive. As Gus tries to call for help, Shawn notices a "Wiswall" insignia inside the plane. He also sees that the altimeter reads 118 and spots metal clip with a picture of St. Dwynwen on it. As Clayton starts to fade, he says something about wanting to make amends and be a good father. He manages to cough out the word "Waterloo," then in his last breath asks them to find out who killed him.
517	Psych	High Noon-ish	Comedy	9.3	Lassiter needs Shawn and Gus' help. Unexplained things have been happening in a small town outside his jurisdiction. Sheriff Hank is an old friend of his and since Shawn and Gus have a talent for finding something out of nothing, Lassiter enlists their services to uncover the truth about the strange occurrences. Hank explains to them that wooden fence posts around the town have been stolen, someone has poisoned the water and there's a stench in the air that Gus attributes to cat urine. But as Hank shows them around, they realize that Old Sonora is not a real town. It is an Old West tourist attraction. Some of the buildings are just facades and the townspeople are all in character. To illustrate this, Hank proceeds to "kill" Stinky Pete, the town outlaw, like he does every afternoon. Shawn quickly notices grey dust on Pete's shoes as the "body" is dragged away and wonders what they are doing there. Lassiter explains that Old Sonora was originally a historic mining town and that he spent most of his weekends there as a child. He will not let vandals shut the place down.
517	Psych	The Devil's in the Details...And in the Upstairs Bedroom	Comedy	9.3	After Agatha, a student at a Catholic college, jumps off the roof of a building, Gus drags Shawn to the school to investigate as a favor to an old teacher, Father Westley. Lassiter and Juliet are already there speaking with Westley and headmaster Father Bard, who explain that Agatha was a model student until three weeks ago when she suddenly started acting irrationally. Lassiter thinks it's murder but Shawn is leaning towards suicide. Father Westley has an alternate theory. He believes she was possessed. Father Westley is roundly dismissed, even by Father Bard, who explains that Westley used to perform exorcisms in the past, something the Church now looks on with skepticism. But Westley is insistent and Gus agrees to take the case, over Shawn's objections.
517	Psych	Shawn Has the Yips	Comedy	9.3	After a police department baseball game, the whole gang goes to a bar to celebrate McNab's birthday. But, as the waiters bring out the cake, Shawn spots a hooded man by the register with a bulge in his jacket. He runs to warn Lassiter who pulls out his weapons just as the hooded man starts to fire. After a barrage of bullets, the man manages to escape. The cops think it was an attempted robbery but Shawn says the man came there specifically to kill one of them. He believes he will try again, but if they can figure out which one of them was the target, it will give them a clue to the man's identity. The crime scene unit finds a piece of the man's hooded sweatshirt and a motel key in the alley behind the bar. It looks like his pocket ripped as he was fleeing the scene. Lassiter and Juliet head to the motel while Shawn and Gus go back to the bar. While there, Shawn remembers the shooter was wearing an expensive watch, which proves he wasn't a junkie thief. Shawn also realizes that he was deliberately standing in the blind spot of the security cameras. The shooter is much smarter than they give him credit for, which means that the key was planted to lure the cops to the motel. Not only that, but after Shawn recreates the shooting he realizes the target is Lassiter. Shawn calls to warn Lassiter, who is on his way back from finding nothing at the motel. As he leans down to pick up the phone from the floorboard of his car, a shot comes through his windshield, narrowly missing him.
517	Psych	Bollywood Homicide	Comedy	9.3	Raj waits in an alley to meet his girlfriend Mina, a dancer in a local Bollywood production, who he has been secretly dating. She sneaks outside on a break from the show, but is nearly killed when a runaway truck narrowly misses her. A distraught Raj goes to the police station, where he confesses to not only hurting Mina, but all of the women he has loved. He claims he's cursed.
517	Psych	High Top Fade Out	Comedy	9.3	A man on a bike pedals for his life, being chased by armed assailants. He reaches his apartment building, drops his bike and runs inside. He pulls a digital camcorder from his backpack and is able to email out its contents before the men break in and asphyxiate him. This man, it turns out, is Leonard "Diddle" Callahan, and a college friend of Gus'. Shawn and Gus attend Doddle's funeral, where the minister says Diddle died from a hit and run accident on his bike. There, Shawn discovers, that not only was Gus in a singing group, but he has been estranged from Diddle, Tony and Joon for years and refuses to say why. Shawn also notices a mourner with a scar on his face who seems out of place there. Tony and Joon are able to speak to Shawn alone. They tell him Diddle was way too careful on his bike to die in an accident. They believe he was murdered, and they hire Shawn to find out what happened.
517	Psych	Let's Get Hairy	Comedy	9.3	Stewart Gimbley bursts into the Psych office looking for help. He went to the police first but was referred to Shawn and Gus instead. Stewart wants the guys to lock him up and observe him overnight. He gives them a gun with silver bullets for their protection, because Stewart believes he's a werewolf. He thinks he killed a lamb last night and is worried that tonight he'll do worse. He offers them three times their rate, which they readily accept, thinking this will be easy money. They tie Stewart up but then fall asleep themselves, only to wake up to the sound of the window shattering. Stewart is gone and a tuft of grey animal hair dangles from a shard of glass. Later that night we see two hunters brutally attacked in the woods.
517	Psych	Shawn Takes a Shot in the Dark	Comedy	9.3	[Mid Season Finale]Juliet and Lassiter meet Gus at a vehicle storage yard in the middle of the night. Gus received a message from Shawn telling him that he'd solved the case and to meet him there but Shawn has not shown up and Gus is worried. He should be. Shawn is currently bound and stuffed into the trunk of a moving car. Shawn remembers a lesson Henry taught him as a child, and kicks out the rear light of the vehicle. Through the hole in the trunk, he's able to spot some landmark, and manages to text Gus cryptic descriptions of what he sees. Back at the storage yard, Gus is puzzled by the message. Lassiter finds blood on the ground and they realize Shawn's been shot and kidnapped. Gus calls Henry, who arrives at the scene and insists on helping find his son. So Lassiter and Henry team up to decipher Shawn's text and track him down, while Gus and Juliet retrace the steps of Shawn's latest investigation.
517	Psych	You Can't Handle This Episode	Comedy	9.3	Lassiter and Juliet are at the scene of a possible suicide with Gus, Shawn and Abigail. It appears the victim hung himself, but Shawn sees signs of murder and discovers dog tags stuffed down the dead man's throat. This is not just a murder now, it's a military crime, which poses jurisdictional problems. But Juliet says she knows someone who might be able to help with that, and she calls her brother Ewan, an ex-military man who is now hired out by the government for covert missions. He is in the middle of finishing up a job, but he is able to tell Juliet that swallowing dog tags is a sign of shame. He then tells her he's near Santa Barbara and is coming in for a visit.
517	Psych	Thrill Seekers & Hell Raisers	Comedy	9.3	Gus has a secret girlfriend that he has been keeping from Shawn but is finally ready to introduce him to Ruby. Shawn's first impression of her is a good one, but he insists on meeting her friends to vet her further. So he forces Gus to crash what he thinks is a picnic with Ruby and her friends Jessica, Derek and Stu. But the guys soon learn they have walked into a river-rafting trip instead. Ruby is thrown at first, saying there is not enough room, but then relents and hooks them up with gear. Shawn thinks Ruby might be hiding something, and uses his "psychic" abilities to break the ice with her friends by "divining" Stu is the most experienced of the group. Gus uses a more direct approach and asks how they all met. Ruby says Derek and Stu met at a Wildlife Preservation meeting, which is ironic because Derek was a big game hunter back when he dated Jessica, who is Ruby's work colleague. What binds them all together is their interest in extreme sports. The group then hooks strobe lights to their vests in case they get separated. Shawn and Gus realize they are on a white water trip just before they hit the rapids, and they hold on for dear life. When they come out the other side, they realize Stu is missing.
517	Psych	A Very Juliet Episode	Comedy	9.3	Juliet goes to the train station to meet Scott Seaver, her college boyfriend. They had planned to meet there exactly seven years after they said goodbye, but he never shows up. At first dejected, she quickly becomes curious as to why he didn't show. She starts to use police resources to track him down, but Vick puts a stop to that before she can find anything. She sees Gus in the station, and asks for his help - but he must keep Shawn out of it. With everything that's happened between them, it would be weird. Gus agrees and goes back to the Psych office, where Shawn immediately figures out he's doing something behind his back. Gus has to admit he's finding someone for Juliet, but doesn't let him know Scott was Juliet's ex-boyfriend. The next day, an elated Shawn tells Juliet he found her missing person and he's dead. A distraught Juliet runs out of the room, and Gus must admit to Shawn who Scott really is. A guilty Shawn then decides to look deeper into what happened to Scott to give Juliet some answers. He and Henry get the police report on Scott's fatal accident and find many inconsistencies. Shawn and Gus then rope Lassiter into the investigation, who tells them that Scott used to work at a legitimate business front for the mobster J.T. Waring, who is currently incarcerated. Scott must have gotten in over his head and was taken out. They need to know more about Scott, so Shawn surreptitiously asks Juliet to tell him more about her old flame. Juliet raves about Scott, making Shawn a little jealous, but she also tells him about a rare figurine collection Scott had. He broke up the set and gave her the Dumbo because he knew she loved it.
517	Psych	Death Is in the Air	Comedy	9.3	Donny Lieberman, a courier for service that caters to biomedical companies, comes to Shawn and Gus for help. He got very drunk the night before and when he woke up this morning, a cooler he was transporting for GenuTech was missing. It contained the deadly Thornburg virus, whose symptoms include headache, weakness, and bleeding from the eyes. He also says he is missing an antique gold watch. At that same time, a blonde woman stumbles around a convenience store, then starts bleeding from the eyes before she falls down dead. Shawn and Gus go to the crime scene, where Shawn psychically reveals that the woman died from the Thornburg virus. Shawn also notices the woman is wearing an antique gold watch. If she took Donny's watch, she probably took the cooler, too. They force Donny to remember that he saw tikis last night, which leads them to the Pali Bar. When they get there, the bartender immediately recognizes Donny, and tells them he left with a hot blonde named Ginger. Shawn figures Donny took her back to his room, and when they get there, Shawn sees clues leading him to conclude Ginger was a prostitute, who targeted Donny in order to rob him. Juliet calls Shawn to tell him he was right about the woman dying of Thornburg. She is at the victim's apartment now, where they discovered ten thousand dollars in cash but no cooler. She also tells Shawn she found a key to a hotel room, which is a few doors down from Donny's room. Shawn figures out that someone hired Ginger to rob Donny, and that person was holed up in the other room. The guys sneak in and find an empty box of latex gloves and a map to Jay's Java Shack. Shawn realizes the mastermind plans to release the virus there. They rush over and meet the cops there, but just before they enter, Shawn sees a broken vile and bars the doors to anyone going in or out. Their only choice now is to contain the outbreak.
517	Psych	Think Tank	Comedy	9.3	Shawn is wrapping up a case at a pizza parlor, breaking it down for Vick, Lassiter and Juliet in front of the suspects and a room full of witnesses, when Henry rushes in and quietly tells Shawn he's got the wrong guy. Shawn realizes Henry is right, and must switch suspects mid-stream. Vick overhears Henry talking to Shawn about how much his son comes to him for advice, but she's not the only one there interested in Shawn. Walter Snowden, a man who runs a private security firm, wants to hire Shawn to be part of a think tank working with billionaire businessman Ashton Bonaventure to prevent his assassination.
517	Psych	The Head, the Tail, the Whole Damn Episode	Comedy	9.3	A man is chumming the waters off of a boat at night, when a shark jumps out and latches onto his arm, dragging him into the sea. The next morning, Lassiter and Juliet are at the beach where the body of what appears to be a shark attack victim has washed ashore. Lassiter thinks he sees what might be a knife wound among the shark bites. He sees Shawn and Gus approach, and, determined not to be outdone this time, beats Shawn to the punch, claiming to the press that the victim was murdered. The reporters crucify him, but Shawn is on board with his theory, having spotted the possible knife wound himself. They all go to the coroner, who says he can't identify the victim off of fingerprints since the fingers are still in the shark, along with the victim's wallet. Lassiter says he'll put out a bulletin for anyone who catches a shark so they can at least identify the man, but Shawn still pushes the murder angle. The coroner says he can't rule out a stab wound but the knife used would have been jagged, like a tooth. Now Lassiter is more determined to find the shark in order to ID the victim and start tracking down his killer.
517	Psych	Mr. Yin Presents	Comedy	9.3	A year after the arrest of Mr. Yang, a new killer starts playing games with Shawn and his friends - her partner, Mr. Yin. (Summary via IMDB)
517	Psych	Romeo and Juliet and Juliet	Comedy	9.3	Shawn and Gus are in the middle of arguing over who will fire their freshly hired office assistant, Ken. Shawn and Gus thought they would have a heavier caseload ever since Henry was hired back at SBPD, but sadly, that didn't end up being true, so as a result Ken had to go.
517	Psych	Feet Don't Kill Me Now	Comedy	9.3	A car is pulled out of the river with a dead woman inside. Lassiter and Juliet are investigating the crime scene. Shortly after, Shawn and Gus arrive on the scene. Shawn looks more closely in the car and determines that the dead woman wasn't in the car alone, and therefore hypothesizes that she was murdered.
517	Psych	Not Even Close...Encounters	Comedy	9.3	We open with Young Shawn, Young Gus and their super nerdy friend Dennis making a visit to SBPD to see Henry. They tell him they saw a weather balloon that could pass as a UFO. Henry does not believe them.
517	Psych	Chivalry Is Not Dead...But Someone Is	Comedy	9.3	Shawn and Gus show up at a crime scene at a swanky mansion where a young bachelor, Lance, just fell to his death. Lassie doesn't believe it was murder, but Shawn thinks otherwise. He notices that Lance's ankles and arms were not broken, causing him to believe that he didn't try to brace his fall and was therefore dead before his body touched ground.
517	Psych	Shawn and Gus in Drag (Racing)	Comedy	9.3	An expensive sports car is hijacked by a masked person. Lassiter and Juliet get the call. And since Lassiter has been frustrated by his lack of progress breaking up a car theft ring, they decide to take lead on the case. The car thief they were chasing ends up shot dead somewhere along the route of the chase. Now they have a murder and a car theft ring to solve.
517	Psych	Viagra Falls	Comedy	9.3	We flashback to 1990 SBPD. Herb Wilkins, the Chief of Police at the time, is giving then detective, Henry Spencer, a lecture on his mistake on a case. Herb ends up firing Henry off the case and replaces him with SBPD's star detective team, Peters and Boone.
517	Psych	Ferry Tale	Comedy	9.3	Shawn and Gus board a ferry bound for The Channel Islands. They're volunteering for environmental cleanup, along with other nature lovers and a group of four prisoners on work detail. After Gus gets seasick, he and Shawn take a wrong turn, then run into CRAIG, the prison guard, who has been tied up and gagged. Craig tells them that the prisoners he was guarding escaped and are loose on the ferry. Shawn calls Henry and tells him the news. Craig, Gus, and Shawn find themselves in a standoff with the prisoners, who are demanding to be let go on the life raft. NORTHCUTT, one of the prisoners, then ups the stakes: If they are not able to safely escape the ferry, then they will start shooting hostages. SBPD surrounds the ferry and assesses the massive hostage situation they now have on their hands. A tense countdown ensues, and just as we think Northcutt has carried out his threat and shot two innocent hostages, tear gas is launched onto the boat. SBPD storms the ferry, apprehends the inmates and rushes the injured hostages to safety. But Shawn then swiftly points out that the injured "hostages" they took were actually inmates in disguise. So now they have two prisoners on the loose, one of which is Northcutt.
517	Psych	Shawn 2.0	Comedy	9.3	Shawn, after a night in of drinking and listening to the chick-lit book series 'Internity' on audiotape, stops into a coffee shop with Gus before they are to be at a crime scene. Shawn, worse for wear, tells the barista that he will be getting his free since he will guess the trivia question again as always. However, he is beaten to the punch by Declan Rand, a handsome and charming man. Shawn wonders who he is as he leaves, but soon finds him across the street at their crime scene. Declan, it turns out, is a criminal profiler, brought onto the case by Chief Vick.
517	Psych	One, Maybe Two, Ways Out	Comedy	9.3	Shawn and Gus find themselves in the midst of a Bourne Identity-like hunt and chase after a U.S Government Spy named Nadia seeks their help in finding an agent who's been off the grid for quite some time. The agent she's looking for is Strabinsky - the only person in the world who has successfully erased his identity. Nadia needs to be erased too, as the government is chasing after her, trying to capture her for something she claims she didn't do. Shawn is quick to trust her because she mentions Ewan O'Hara's name, and because she's a sexy government spy.
517	Psych	Extradition II: The Actual Extradition Part	Comedy	9.3	Shawn and Gus receive an invitation from Desperaux to visit him in British Columbia, but there's a catch: Desperaux is still in prison. But after much convincing, Gus agrees to go with Shawn on the free trip. Fresh off sharing a kiss with Juliet, Shawn is faced with telling her his feelings before she leaves for the Amalfi Coast with her boyfriend Declan, and before he and Gus leave for British Columbia. However, Shawn misses his chance after McNab tells him that Juliet asked him with help with her passport, meaning she already left for Italy.
517	Psych	In Plain Fright	Comedy	9.3	Juliet surprises Shawn with tickets to Scare Fest, an event at the local theme park that hasn't taken pace in 15 years. But Shawn already had tickets to go with Gus. Not wanting to let either one down, Shawn decides to go with both on separate nights, but doesn't tell either one. Shawn already has enough tension built up with having to tell Gus about his and Juliet's relationship. He doesn't want either relationship to suffer because his attention is now divided.
517	Psych	Dual Spires	Comedy	9.3	Shawn and Gus receive a mysterious email asking them to come to a Cinnamon Festival in Dual Spires, a town so small it's written in parenthesis on the map. After meeting many of the colorful residents, including Robert and Michelle Barker who run the local diner and Sheriff Johnson, who questions how they heard about the Festival since they deliberately keep it simple in their town, they make their way to the square where the Festival is being held. But just after eighteen-year-old Randy is crowned Cinnamon King, Jack, a weeping teenager on a bike crashes the festivities and whispers upsetting news to the Sheriff. Robert and Michelle fear the worst has come true - their missing niece Paula has been found dead. Jack leads them all to the body, where Doc Gooden suspects she took her usual night swim and hit her head on a rock. Just then, Shawn receives another mysterious email suggesting it was murder.
517	Psych	We'd Like to Thank the Academy	Comedy	9.3	The SBPD are on a stakeout watching a drug deal play out on their monitors. They are about to take down a criminal they've had their eye on for over four months. Then suddenly, through the monitor, the SBPD sees Gus walk in pushing a room service cart. Gus starts to distract the drug dealers. Shawn then jumps out of the room service cart and starts to snoop around. He finds a bag of prescription drugs, but gets caught almost right away. With guns pointed to his head, Shawn asks the drug dealers if they are selling these drugs out of this hotel room. The drug dealers say yes, thus giving Lassiter and the SBPD the confession they needed to take the drug dealers down. But Shawn and Gus are still in danger. Guns start to go off, but thankfully no one is hurt.
517	Psych	The Polarizing Express	Comedy	9.3	After a criminal named Sergei Czarsky has his court case thrown out because of a critical error Shawn made while investigating him, all of SBPD is furious with Shawn. When Internal Fairs makes it a point to hold SBPD accountable for their mistake, everyone's job is in jeopardy. Shawn plays it off like it's no big deal, but Gus and Henry see otherwise. Vick then places Shawn on suspension, and makes the difficult decision to fire Henry. As a result, Henry and Shawn have a huge falling out that subsequently causes Shawn to have a series of "It's Wonderful Life"-type dream sequences in which Shawn sees what life would have been like for our characters had he never come back to Santa Barbara.
517	Psych	Dead Bear Walking	Comedy	9.3	Lassiter shows up to work one morning with his kid sister Lauren in tow. He explains that Lauren is a film student there to do a police documentary. Lassiter plays to the camera, trying to impress his sister with his "large and in charge" demeanor. Suddenly they get the call that there's been a murder at the zoo. Lauren films as officers prepare to leave for the crime scene.
517	Psych	Yang 3 in 2D	Comedy	9.3	A young woman named Allison comes into the police station claiming to have just escaped after being kidnapped and held by the notorious serial killer, Yin. Shawn and the police are loath to believe her since crackpots have been coming into the station for months making similar claims. Yet Allison proves she telling the truth by showing Shawn the picture of himself as a child standing next to Yang that we saw at the end of last season. With the cops on board, Allison takes everyone back to where she claims she was held only to find the house occupied by an innocent family. Shawn still believes her though, and puts her up in Henry's house while they investigate further. The crime lab determines the picture to be real but the background is fake. This could have been taken anywhere.
517	Psych	Shawn Rescues Darth Vader	Comedy	9.3	An 11 year-old kid hires Shawn and Gus to retrieve his stolen Darth Vader action figure collectible from the British Ambassador's son's room at their temporary residence in Santa Barbara. Shawn successfully sneaks into the Ambassador's residence during a lavish party the Ambassador is hosting in honor of successfully exonerating Colin, a British student, of murdering his girlfriend Sarah. Shawn successfully retains the Darth Vader, but in the process he comes across the body of a dead woman. Before he is able to investigate, he is forced to escape, as his presence is discovered by guards. Shawn quickly escapes, but not before he is spotted and chased. Shawn narrowly escapes, but now he and Gus have a murder to solve.
517	Psych	Last Night Gus	Comedy	9.3	The whole SBPD crew is at a local bar celebrating the retirement of a fellow officer. Shawn makes a toast to Jim Dubois, the retiree, then calls for a round of shots. Juliet heads out early, leaving Shawn and the boys alone for a night out drinking.
517	Psych	This Episode Sucks	Comedy	9.3	Lassiter is having a drink after work at a bar when he meets a woman named Marlowe, whom he is instantly attracted to. They hit it off immediately. After Lassiter tells her he is a cop, she asks to be excused to use the restroom. Several minutes pass by, and Lassiter thinks he has been stood up. Several minutes pass, and Lassiter checks the ladies restroom to see if Marlowe is okay. He doesn't find her. She has disappeared, and Lassiter is devastated.
517	Psych	The Amazing Psych Man & Tap-Man, Issue #2	Comedy	9.3	A report on TV tells us that a regional drug trafficking gang, The Camino Drug Syndicate, has been successfully moving thousands of kilos of product through the streets of Santa Barbara.
517	Psych	Dead Man's Curve Ball	Comedy	9.3	We open on a Seabird's Minor League baseball game in which the batboy, Young Shawn, is seen idolizing the star player Cal Eason.
517	Psych	Shawn, Interrupted	Comedy	9.3	Everyone is celebrating a high profile murder case Lassiter cracked that is going to be featured on the local news that night. Shawn is annoyed by Lassiter's endless boasting about his victorious take down of Bernie Bethel, a millionaire accused of murdering Sheila Hanson, a woman he was having an affair with at the time of her death. The news report airs, and everyone gathers around to watch. Bernie's brother Daniel is interviewed, saying he is completely shocked and devastated by everything that has happened with his brother. Just as Lassiter's big, on-camera interview is going to air, an update interrupting it flashes across the screen saying that Bernie was found not guilty by reason of insanity. Lassiter is devastated and sees this as a travesty of justice, as Bernie is going to live out the rest of his days in a cushy, country club-type atmosphere as opposed to prison where he belongs.
517	Psych	In For a Penny...	Comedy	9.3	We open on Young Juliet's birthday party. She's sad because her father hasn't showed up yet. There is a ring at the doorbell and she thinks it's him, but it isn't, and she is devastated.
517	Psych	The Tao of Gus	Comedy	9.3	Shawn and Gus are at the SBPD waiting to pick up their check when they spot an attractive, ethereal woman named Nicole, telling the police that she witnessed a murder in an ally on a busy street at the height of lunch hour. Given the circumstances, Lassiter and Juliet are unsure whether or not she is telling the truth. Her story sounds unbelievable even to Shawn, but Gus is really attracted to Nicole and wants to further investigate.
517	Psych	Neil Simon's Lover's Retreat	Comedy	9.3	A businessman named Jerry Kincaid is conned and robbed by a couple named Barbie and Clive. After Barbie and Clive flee the scene of the robbery, they arrive at a swanky resort hotel where we learn that Juliet and Shawn have just checked into — with the help of Shawn stealing Gus's credit card, naturally. Juliet and Shawn are there for a romantic weekend getaway — one they have promised will be completely devoid of police work and instead, filled with the opportunity to take their relationship to the next level.
517	Psych	Indiana Shawn and the Temple of the Kinda Crappy, Rusty Old Dagger	Comedy	9.3	We open on Gus holding the engagement ring Shawn was going to give to Juliet without telling him first. Shawn tries to avoid the question, but ends up explaining that it was solely his "emergency ring" and that he only keeps it on him as back up at all times just in case. Shawn apologizes to Gus and promises that if he ever does end up proposing to Juliet that Gus will for sure be the one to know first. Gus is still unsure of where Shawn's head is at, but decides to accept his apology.
517	Psych	Heeeeere's Lassie	Comedy	9.3	We open on Gus confronting Shawn about the money he owes him for the weekend retreat Shawn took Juliet on. Shawn says he's desperately trying to earn money to pay him back, but casework has been scarce. Gus suggests that Shawn sell the engagement ring he never gave Juliet. But Shawn isn't having it; that was his grandmother's ring, and besides, he wants to keep it just in case.
517	Psych	Shawn and the Real Girl	Comedy	9.3	We come up on Melinda, the "bachelorette" on a reality TV show called "Paths of Love", handing out "heart necklaces" to her remaining eligible bachelors. Just as she is about to hand a necklace to Todd, signaling his chance to stay on the show, we learn that Todd has gone missing in a car crash.
517	Psych	Let's Doo-Wop It Again	Comedy	9.3	We open at a benefit for a Santa Barbara community outreach program that helps at-risk youths get out of gangs. The honoree is the charity's founder, Deacon Jones. Also there is his Financial Director, Tina, a former gang member and alum of the program, who is in charge of the festivities as well as handling all donations and pledges.
517	Psych	Autopsy Turvy	Comedy	9.3	A mortician, GRACE LARSEN, whom we learn was a classmate and former lover of Woody's, has informed the SBPD that she believes Woody made a mistake on an autopsy. The file on the deceased, BOB WHITE, tells us that Bob's ear was severed off cleanly with an instrument and not what was originally reported by Woody, that it was slashed by a tire in the bus accident that killed him. So as a result of this news, Bob's death could have been murder and not an accident. Woody's job is in trouble, and Chief Vick orders Shawn and Gus to help reinvestigate Bob's death and help clear Woody's name.
517	Psych	True Grits	Comedy	9.3	A local news report is shown profiling a Santa Barbara man, Thane, who was just released from prison after his lawyer from The Innocence Project discovered he was wrongfully convicted of robbing a restaurant he worked at. Thane is very outspoken about this injustice and as a result, is very weary of police and the legal system as a whole. Instead of going to the SBPD, Thane asks Shawn and Gus to help get his restitution settlement. In order to obtain it, the real culprit of the crime that Thane was wrongfully committed of, needs to be found, tried and convicted, or Thane gets no restitution money. Shawn and Gus agree to help, as Thane convinces them that this case should be part of their civic duty to humanity. Shawn and Gus are instantly spellbound by Thane's emphatic "justice shall be served" attitude, and agree to help.
517	Psych	Santabarbaratown	Comedy	9.3	In a flashback to 1991, we meet Henry's old partner, Lou Gamble, whom Shawn convinces to tell the story of the missing girl named Veronica Towne the SBPD is investigating. She was last seen by the place she used to work, a lounge called The Blue Derby. She was wearing a red dress and a gold necklace with her initials on it. They think her killer is her boss at The Blue Derby, Jordon Beaumont.
517	Psych	Santabarbaratown 2	Comedy	9.3	We pick up where we left off at the end of last season -- Shawn has just realized his father's life is in danger. He rushes to find him, but it's too late. One of Henry's old partners, Jerry Carp, has already shot Henry because Henry found out Jerry was involved in a police scandal years ago, and Jerry needed to keep Henry quiet. Shawn rushes Henry to the hospital. After Henry makes it out of surgery okay, Juliet urges Shawn to not get involved with catching Henry's shooter. Shawn doesn't listen; he recruits Gus and they set out to find and arrest Carp.
517	Psych	Juliet Takes a Luvvah	Comedy	9.3	Madeline and Shawn bring Henry back from the hospital. Madeline says she can only stay a couple days and that it is her wish that Shawn take care of Henry after she leaves.
517	Psych	Lassie Jerky	Comedy	9.3	In a "found footage" style episode, Shawn and Gus join two student filmmakers, Kate and Chavo, in their attempt to make a documentary on the discovery of Bigfoot. They plan on using the finished product to win the Student Academy Award. We learn that Shawn found Kate and Chavo's blog while searching the Internet for "Harry and the Hendersons." Once Shawn discovered Kate and Chavo's plan to find Bigfoot in the woods of Santa Barbara, he asked to be a part of it. But Shawn knew Gus wouldn't join in on the fun unless he was lead into the forest under false pretenses. So he told Gus that he's taking him to a special barbeque joint in the middle of the forest.
517	Psych	No Country for Two Old Men	Comedy	9.3	We open on Shawn and Juliet's new apartment. They have just moved in together and are hosting a housewarming party. Among the people in attendance are Juliet's mom Maryanne and her stepfather Lloyd, an accountant. Shawn thinks it would be a great idea for Henry and Lloyd to become friends. Juliet agrees, but doesn't think they should push it; she thinks they should let a friendship between the two happen naturally. But Shawn doesn't listen and decides to go ahead and set up a lunch date for Henry and Lloyd.
517	Psych	100 Clues	Comedy	9.3	100th EpisodeIn a flashback to 2006, Shawn and Gus are backstage at a "Billy Lipps & The Guys Behind Me" concert. The second Billy gets off stage, Lassiter is there to inform Billy that the SBPD is bringing him in for questioning regarding the murder of Melinda Lane - a woman who drowned in the pool at his mansion years ago. Billy's biography just came out and apparently there is information that points to Billy being the murderer. In that moment, Shawn and Gus urge Billy to somehow exonerate himself, but Billy has no explanation or alibi. He doesn't even remember what really happened that night. Lassiter has no choice but to arrest him.
517	Psych	Cirque du Soul	Comedy	9.3	Shawn gets a visit from a woman named Zola, a contortionist from a show called Le Cirque, needing help locating the star member of their troupe, Francois. Shawn agrees to meet her at their fairgrounds later that day to get a psychic reading on the place.
517	Psych	Deez Nups	Comedy	9.3	We open on Chief Vick giving a briefing on a local crime boss named Max Rizzo, or "Max the Axe." She tells the group that Herb Pollock, Rizzo's long time accountant, fled Rizzo's organization with a sizeable amount of Rizzo's cash in addition to copies of all of his financial records. The chief informs them that if they can get to Herb, they can get to Rizzo and finally take him and his organization down for good.
517	Psych	Right Turn Or Left For Dead	Comedy	9.3	We come up on Shawn, lying down in the Psych Office, wondering what just happened at Lassiter's wedding. Did Juliet really just find out he wasn't a psychic from a piece of paper she found in his jacket? Or was it all just a horrible dream? From there, the episode unfolds in the style of the film "Sliding Doors," as Shawn experiences two separate timelines set off by a "what if?" scenario. One timeline shows what would have happened if Juliet never found out that Shawn wasn't psychic; it shows them happy, in love and thinking about the next step in their relationship. The other timeline shows what really happened -- that Juliet did in fact find out Shawn wasn't a psychic. Throughout the episode, Shawn, Gus, Juliet, Lassiter and Chief Vick follow the same murder case in both timelines, and arrive at the same conclusion in both timelines, but the investigative beats they each take to get there are presented differently.
517	Psych	Juliet Wears The Pantsuit	Comedy	9.3	Shawn and Juliet have broken up, and Shawn is moving out of their shared home. Juliet tells Shawn she placed an ad on Craigslist for a new roommate and Shawn is immediately alarmed. He believes Craigslist is a cesspool filled with psychos and that Juliet has put herself in danger in doing so. Juliet insists that Shawn is overreacting and that she can take care of herself. Before Shawn leaves, he tells Jules that he still loves her and that he isn't going to give up on them. This is especially hard on Juliet because she still loves Shawn too, but she needs more time to get over the fact that he lied to her about being psychic.
517	Psych	Santa Barbarian Candidate	Comedy	9.3	We open on the Santa Barbara Mayor, Gavin Channing, thanking our guys at the SBPD for keeping crime at an all time low. Shawn and Mayor Channing instantly hit it off, and he invites Shawn over for brunch at his beach house. Shawn and Gus show up the next day, but upon arrival they learn that Mayor Channing is dead, his body having just washed up on the shore.
517	Psych	Office SPACE	Comedy	9.3	Shawn gets a middle-of-the-night visit from a frantic Gus telling him that he "screwed up bad." Gus tells Shawn that he finally stood up to his horrible boss Dorian Creech and gave him his letter of resignation with the some threatening words written at the bottom. Before Shawn can congratulate Gus on his uncharacteristic assertiveness, Gus drops a bomb. Gus explains that he later returned to the office to rescind his resignation and found Creech stabbed to death in his office, clutching the note Gus had written to him earlier. Gus explains that he panicked, grabbed the note from Creech's dead hands and ate it. But then he started to choke on it, and things got out of control. Gus explains that he accidentally ruined the crime scene and made it look like he was the one who killed Creech. Shawn tells Gus to calm down and that they will head to the office and have a look.
517	Psych	Dead Air	Comedy	9.3	Right before Rachael is about to tell Gus she is headed back to England for six months, Shawn and Gus learn that their favorite radio DJ, Crock Daniels, has been shot and killed. They rush over to his studio to investigate. There, they discover that Syd the sound engineer got knocked out by Crock's attacker, but is still alive. They then meet Miranda Sherrod, the station's attractive manager who immediately takes a liking to Gus. She leads our guys to their first suspect: a man named Dean Ballou, Crock's old morning show partner.
517	Psych	Nip and Suck It	Comedy	9.3	At the top of the episode Henry finds the dead body of a beautiful woman in the woods. Even though Henry is technically retired from police work, he becomes invested in the case. But when Shawn, Gus and the SBPD get involved, Henry's presence on the case is less than welcomed. Since retirement, Henry has been seen as a guy too far removed from the game to be an actual player.
517	Psych	No Trout About It	Comedy	9.3	An eccentric police consultant is brought into the SBPD to interview Shawn, Gus, Lassiter and Juliet about their seemingly poor police work on a tough case.
517	Psych	Psych: The Musical	Comedy	9.3	Shawn (James Roday) and Gus (Dule Hill) dive into a world that's equal parts mystery and melody to track down an escaped playwright mad man, Z (Anthony Rapp, "Rent"), who six years earlier was deemed criminally insane after locking a critic in a back room of the theatre that he burnt to the ground.(Summary via IMDB written by: Anonymous)
517	Psych	Lock, Stock, Some Smoking Barrels and Burton Guster's Goblet of Fire	Comedy	9.3	Shawn and Gus recount their adventure in London through a "Guy Ritchie" style Voiceover. We learn that Gus is in London for a Harry Potter convention called "Pottercon" and that Shawn has been summoned by Interpol to help on an undercover sting.
517	Psych	S.E.I.Z.E the Day	Comedy	9.3	We pick up where we left off last season. Vick has been put on suspension for 6 months, Trout is the Interim Chief, Lassiter has been demoted to beat cop, Juliet is now Interim Head Detective and Trout still has no interest in hiring Shawn and Gus to help the SBPD solve any cases. Shawn and Gus show up to a crime scene uninvited, hoping to prove themselves worthy to Trout. The SBPD have stationed themselves outside a house they know their perp is hiding in. Trout is devising their a plan of attack with Juliet. Shawn's first move is to get past the police barricade with the help of a shy onlooker holding flowers for his wife. The shy man is trying to get to his house, which is nearby the house the SBPD is blocking off. He can't get to it because the barricade is in the way. When the shy man approaches the barricade, Trout has him arrested for disrupting a police investigation. Just then, Lassiter sees the perp from his vantage point. Knowing he needs to prove himself to Trout in order to be reinstated as head detective, Lassiter decides to take down the perp himself. He does so in stunning fashion, but Trout fails to give Lassiter credit for the takedown at the press conference a couple days later.
517	Psych	Remake A.K.A. Cloudy... With a Chance of Improvement	Comedy	9.3	This episode is a remake of "Cloudy With A Chance Of Murder," an episode that originally aired in Season 1 of Psych. Mirroring the case in the original "Cloudy," Shawn and Gus try to solve the murder of local weatherman Jackson Hale.
517	Psych	Someone's Got a Woody	Comedy	9.3	In the Psych office, Shawn and Gus discuss the fact that Chief Trout still hasn't hired them to work on any cases for the SBPD. They entertain the idea of inventing a case, but they know that will never work.
517	Psych	Cog Blocked	Comedy	9.3	Gus arrives at his job at Central Coast Pharmaceuticals and is immediately bombarded by his boss, Mr. Latrek. His workday has barely started and he's already been given a list of tasks to do.
517	Psych	1967: A Psych Odyssey	Comedy	9.3	Chief Vick announces she took a job as Chief at a station up north in the bay area and will not be returning to the SBPD as chief. The group is shocked to hear this news. Lassiter, although saddened by this news, immediately sets his sights on being appointed as the new chief. Vick says she put in a good for him at the mayor's office, but can't make any promises. After Shawn, Gus and Lassiter say their goodbyes, Vick asks Juliet to speak with her in private. She asks Juliet to join her up north and serve as her head detective. Juliet knows this is a huge opportunity, but she needs time to think about it.
517	Psych	Shawn and Gus Truck Things Up	Comedy	9.3	Shawn and Gus investigate the murder of Mauricio Sanchez, owner of their favorite taco food truck in Santa Barbara.
517	Psych	A Touch of Sweevil	Comedy	9.3	After years of trying, Shawn finally gets an invite to be a panelist at the Cutting Edge Consultants Convention hosted by Professor Bob Stein, a Paranormal Forensics Expert.
517	Psych	A Nightmare On State Street	Comedy	9.3	Gus and Emmanuelle's relationship is on the rocks and Gus starts to have trouble sleeping because of it. She won't return his calls and he's totally distressed.
517	Psych	The Break Up	Comedy	9.3	Series FinaleIn the Psych office, Shawn rigs up a camera and records himself recounting a story. He starts at the beginning when Gus got his new job a week ago...
520	Lie to Me	Lie to Me	Drama	8.7	This compelling new drama series stars Tim Roth as Dr. Cal Lightman, the world's leading deception expert who studies facial expressions and involuntary body language to discover not only if someone is lying, but why. Based on the real-life scientific discoveries of Dr. Paul Ekman, the series follows Lightman and his team of deception experts as they assist law enforcement and government agencies to expose the truth behind the lies.
525	Gilmore Girls	Gilmore Girls	Drama	8.7	A drama centering around the relationship between a thirtysomething single mother and her teen daughter living in Stars Hollow, Connecticut.
525	Gilmore Girls	In the Clamor and the Clangor	Drama	8.7	Lane's band gets a gig at famous CBGB's in New York, but it doesn't come without a price. Luke and Lorelai make up to silence the newly restored bells but only after Lorelai realizes maybe Luke hasn't moved completely away and Rory confronts William about their relationship.
525	Gilmore Girls	A Family Matter	Drama	8.7	Lane fits right in at Yale, almost. Luke's sister Liz visits for her high school reunion and Jess returns to get his car. Meanwhile with Jaime in town, Rory makes Paris decide between her two guys. Lorelai finds money is tight. She and Jason agree to let her parents know they've been dating, but that's easier said than done.
525	Gilmore Girls	Nag Hammadi Is Where They Found the Gnostic Gospels	Drama	8.7	It's firelight festival time again and with Taylor stuck out of town, Kirk tries to fill in. Luke meets his sister Liz's latest boyfriend, Lorelai meets Liz and realizes Luke really is always there for them and Jess, anxious to get out of town as soon as his car is repaired, stirs up trouble with family and friends.
526	The Office	The Office	Comedy	8.5	Steve Carell stars in The Office, a fresh and funny mockumentary-style glimpse into the daily interactions of the eccentric workers at the Dunder Mifflin paper supply company. Based on the smash-hit British series of the same name and adapted for American Television by Greg Daniels, this fast-paced comedy parodies contemporary American water-cooler culture. Earnest but clueless regional manager Michael Scott believes himself to be an exceptional boss and mentor, but actually receives more eye-rolls than respect from his oddball staff.
527	The Sopranos	The Sopranos	Drama	9.5	The Sopranos, writer-producer-director David Chase's extraordinary television series, is nominally an urban gangster drama, but its true impact strikes closer to home: Like 1999's other screen touchstone, American Beauty, the HBO series chronicles a dysfunctional, suburban American family in bold relief. And for protagonist Tony Soprano, there's the added complexity posed by heading twin families, his collegial mob clan and his own, nouveau riche brood.
528	The Flash	The Flash	Action	9.2	Barry Allen, a police scientist, is working one night during a terrible thunder storm when a bolt of lightning crashes through the lab window, electrocuting him. Barry survives and soon learns that he is now able to move at almost incomprehensible speed.
530	Seinfeld	Seinfeld	Comedy	8.7	Seinfeld stars Jerry Seinfeld as a stand-up comedian whose life in New York City is made even more chaotic by his quirky group of friends who join him in wrestling with life's most perplexing, yet often trivial questions. Often described as "a show about nothing," Seinfeld mines the humor in life's mundane situations like waiting in line, searching for a lost item, or the trials and tribulations of dating. Co-starring are Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Jerry's ex-girlfriend and current platonic pal, Elaine Benes; Jason Alexander as George Costanza, Jerry's neurotic hard-luck best friend; and Michael Richards as Jerry's eccentric neighbor, Kramer.
532	Scrubs	Scrubs	Drama	9.1	Fresh out of medical school, new doctors John "J.D." Dorian, his best friend Christopher Turk, and Elliot Reid start their internship at Sacred Heart Hospital. There, they meet the harsh Chief of Medicine Dr. Bob Kelso, J.D.'s reluctant mentor Dr. Perry Cox, nurse Carla Espinosa, and the deceitful and prankish Janitor. Also at the hospital are the wide range of personalities of Sacred Heart's staff, including the religious nurse Laverne Roberts, incompetent lawyer Ted Buckland, and spiteful board member Jordan Sullivan who also happens to be Cox's ex-wife. Other interns make the cut, such as the high-fiving Todd Quinlanand nervous Doug Murphy. Over the next 9 years they face personal and professional highs and lows, realizing that they can't make it through life - much less a hectic job as a doctor - on their own.
532	Scrubs	Our Thanks	Drama	9.1	The students gain new perspectives as their first semester wraps up in the Season 9 finale. Cole finds his true calling, while Drew reaches a personal milestone and Lucy receives career inspiration.
535	Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations	Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations	Adventure	10.0	In his Emmy Award winning series, Anthony Bourdain travels the globe to explore the cities, villages and countries that offer life's truest surprises.
535	Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations	Transportation Gone Wild	Adventure	10.0	The recipe for the perfect form of transportation: a nice car, or maybe a scooter, or boat, and if possible bring a chef along. Any way you measure it, transportation is a huge part of traveling, so why not make it memorable. In Laos, Tony finds himself in Wang Prabang, a spiritual hillside community known for its beautiful monuments and places of worship. Elephants are revered in this community, so what better way to show his respect than to ride an elephant through the jungles? In Tony's words, "it feels like your riding on top of a giant scrotum." In Medellin, Colombia, buses are a highly regarded expression of individuality and pride. Here it's a pimp my bus moment, all the time. He takes a ride with chef Andres to the Plaza Minorista for a small breakfast. Little does he know that the Colombian tradition is to eat breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince, and dinner like a pauper. After devouring nearly all of the fried eggs, rice, empanadas, beans, arepas, and various meats on his plate, he's ready for the day. In Malaysia, Tony meets up with an old friend, David, who has previously shown him around Kuala Lumpur and Borneo. David takes Tony on a fancy gardenia-covered carriage ride through the streets of Panang. Tony feels like he's in Liberace's wedding in the carriage. He is not thrilled, even with a beer in his hand.
535	Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations	Eccentric Seafood	Adventure	10.0	Strange, unusual and out-right weird. Tony's appetite is as big as the ocean, and he loves the sea. In Queens, NY, chef David Chang joins Tony at Sik Gaek, home to traditional Korean dishes. They tear through wriggling chopped octopus, piles of steaming seafood, and glasses of Korean beer. In Japan, Tony loses all sense of time in the small town of Noboribetsu Onsen, where he unwinds at a ryokan, a Japanese style bed-and-breakfast. Here, Tony is treated to a robatayaki feast, a fisherman's barbecue of red snapper, scallops, sardines, and crab. He enjoys the comfortable laid-back Hokkaido dining pace as he fills up on fresh seafood and sake. Then Tony travels to Italy's serene Amalfi coast. Local chef Rocco Iannone dives into the sea in the middle of a rainstorm and retrieves a bucketful of fresh sea urchin. After cracking a few open, Tony heads to Rocco's restaurant, Pappacarbone, for another taste of the sea. He dines on two types of local clams cooked in olive oil and parsley, served with spaghetti. Rocco also serves a whole octopus, battered in flour and fried, with a pizzaiola sauce made with red oregano and caciocavallo cheese.
535	Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations	Extreme Games	Adventure	10.0	There's nothing like good old-fashioned, heart-pumping action as Tony lives out his adrenaline junkie fantasies. In China, Tony visits the mega-lux Yabuli Ski Resort in the Changbai Mountain Range. Here, he meets Graham Kwan and Patrick Fournier, two executive partners of the resort. Not only does Tony relish the mostly empty slopes, but he also enjoys some Iranian caviar and beer on the gondola ride up the mountain. Luxurious, indeed! On his last run, fortified by alcohol, he takes an exhilarating ride down a luge run on a sled in a blizzard - and comedy, of course, ensues. In Mexico, Tony and Carlos, head chef at Les Halles in NYC, make their way to Carlos' hometown outside Mexico City. Carlos introduces Tony to the traditions surrounding bullfights: parades, street food, liquor, and fans. Then, joined by Carlos' extended family, Tony and Carlos watch as toreros taunt a bull into submission, not exactly Tony's cup of tea. In Australia, Tony finds himself fully suited in scuba gear and inside an aquatic tank, surrounded by 11-foot-long grey nurse sharks. Luckily, Tony's guide and shark expert, Brendan Kelly says these 350-pound beasts with razor sharp teeth are as gentle as little lambs. Sea turtles and stingrays also swim by, but the sharks seem to be the creatures that love to get right in Tony's face.
535	Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations	The Meat, The Fire	Adventure	10.0	The most prehistoric method of cooking still proves to be the best. A juicy cut of meat, the open fire, and repeat. In Yabuli, China, Tony is invited by a local man to dine with him and his wife, Shelly, at a popular mobile restaurant. The specialty of this motorbike-powered doublewide is meat. On a stick. They devour steak on a stick, chicken organs on a stick and butterfly larvae on a stick. In Uruguay, Tony learns the true meaning of taking your time to enjoy life. In the tiny village of Garzon, chef Francis Mallman has opened a popular restaurant that specializes in cooking foods over fire. From whole cows roasting next to the open flame, to smoked, salt-crusted pig legs. Then, in Montevideo, Uruguay, Tony and his brother Chris encounter a plethora of grilled meats at Montevideo's Mercado del Puerto. Forget the sides, they want meat, and they want it now. In the Ozarks, Tony and the local band Ha Ha Tonka fire up the barbecue. And what to go better with it than some target practice while they're waiting? After the shootout, they enjoy some bacon-wrapped venison, pork chops and T-bone steaks. Of course, there are the ever-present mashed potatoes, baked beans, and cornbread, with some corn on the cob as well.
535	Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations	Catch of the Day	Adventure	10.0	Fresh seafood, straight off the boat. "Drop a net in the river and you've got more crabs than a beanbag chair at Tila Tequilas." In Colombia, Tony heads across the channel from Cartagena to Tierra Bomba, an island with a completely different way of life than its bustling urban sister city. The streets are reminiscent of an African village, the people make their living off of the sea. Arnufo, a local lobster fisherman, invites Tony and Jorge to a meal at his mother's restaurant, the only restaurant on the island, complete with lobster that Arnufo caught that morning. Then he jets to Croatia, two decades after its brutal war for independence, which is now touted as The New Riviera.
535	Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations	Silence of the Lamb	Adventure	10.0	Lamb brain in red wine sauce; sphincter sausage in Austria; lamb, caveman style in Greece; lamb noodles in NYC.
536	Whose Line Is It Anyway?	Whose Line Is It Anyway?	Comedy	8.0	Hosted by comedian Aisha Tyler, WHOSE LINE IS IT ANYWAY? also features the return of cast members Ryan Stiles, Wayne Brady and Colin Mochrie, who along with a special guest each episode, must put their comedic skills to the test through a series of spontaneous improv games, prompted only by random ideas supplied by the studio audience.
536	Whose Line Is It Anyway?	Keegan-michael Key 5	Comedy	8.0	Hosted by comedian Aisha Tyler, cast members Ryan Stiles, Wayne Brady and Colin Mochrie, along with guest comedian Keegan-Michael Key, put their comedic skills to the test through a series of spontaneous improv games that are prompted only by random ideas supplied by the studio audience. The four performers must use the little information they have and their wild imaginations to depict different characters and an array of scenes, as well as perform songs. After each round of improvisation, Aisha will dole out points to our four performers and declare a winner at the end of every episode.
537	30 Rock	30 Rock	Comedy	8.7	Multiple award-winning comedy "30 Rock" is told through the comedic voice of Emmy and two-time Golden Globe winner Tina Fey as variety show producer Liz Lemon. The series also features two-time Emmy and three-time Golden Globe winner Alec Baldwin as top network executive Jack Donaghy and Emmy nominee Tracy Morgan as Tracy Jordan, the unpredictable star of Lemon's hit variety show, "TGS with Tracy Jordan." Lemon constantly has her hands full, juggling corporate interference from Donaghy and off-the-handle star antics from Jordan, all while attempting to salvage her own personal life.
538	Futurama	Futurama	Comedy	9.1	Hatched from the mind of The Simpsons creator Matt Groening, Futurama blasts contemporary culture and science fiction alike with an animated comedy barrage.
539	The IT Crowd	The IT Crowd	Comedy	8.6	Emmy-award winning sitcom written by Graham Linehan, set in an IT department starring Chris O'Dowd, Richard Ayoade and Katherine Parkinson.
540	Frasier	Frasier	Comedy	7.5	Fraiser is a half-hour comedy series set in Seattle, which chronicles the lives of an eloquently pompous radio show host Dr. Frasier Crane, his brazen radio producer Roz and his competitive, high-brow brother Niles.
541	Prison Break	Prison Break	Drama	8.8	Lincoln Burrows is currently on death row and scheduled to die in a few months for an assassination his younger brother Michael is convinced he did not commit. With no other options and time winding down, Michael takes drastic measures to get himself incarcerated alongside his brother in Fox River State Penitentiary. Once he's inside, Michael - a structural engineer with the blueprints for the prison - begins to execute an elaborate plan to break Lincoln out and prove him innocent. When Michael arrives at Fox River State Penitentiary, he meets the prison denizens who will, unknowingly, help in his escape plans - his cellmate, the lovelorn Sucre; beautiful prison doctor Dr. Sara Tancredi, who happens to be the governor's daughter; former mob boss John Abruzzi; and Warden Henry Pope. Meanwhile, outside the prison walls, the brothers' childhood friend and Lincoln's lost love, attorney Veronica Donovan, works within the law to free them; Lincoln's teenage son LJ may be going down a path similar to his convicted father's; and Secret Service Agent Paul Kellerman's investigation into Lincoln's case proves that there may be a national conspiracy
542	Eureka	Eureka	Drama	9.0	With the help of Albert Einstein and other trusted advisors, President Harry S. Truman commissioned a top-secret residential development in a remote area of the Pacific Northwest, one that would serve to protect and nurture America's most valuable intellectual resources. There our nation's greatest thinkers, the über-geniuses working on the next era of scientific achievement, would be able to live and work in a supportive environment. The best architects and planners were commissioned to design a welcoming place for these superlative geniuses to reside, an area that would offer the best education for their children, the best healthcare, the best amenities and quality of life. A community was created to rival the most idyllic of America's small towns— with one major difference: this town would never appear on any maps. At least, none that haven't been classified "eyes only" by the Pentagon. Thus, the town of Eureka was born. But for all its familiar, small-town trappings, things in this secret hamlet are anything but ordinary. The stereotype of the absent-minded professor exists for a reason, and most of the quantum leaps in science and technology during the past 50 years were produced by Eureka's elite researchers. Unfortunately, scientific exploration is rarely what one expects, and years of experiments gone awry have yielded some peculiar by-products. With the population's unique talents, troubled psyches and limitless resources, these small-town concerns have a way of becoming big-time problems. It is at that intersection, where human frailty and super-science collide, that Eureka began…
543	Monk	Monk	Drama	8.7	Adrian Monk was once a rising star with the San Francisco Police Department, legendary for using unconventional means to solve the department's most baffling cases. But after the tragic (and still unsolved) murder of his wife Trudy, Monk developed an extreme case of obsessive-compulsive disorder. Now consumed by peculiar obsessions and wracked with hundreds of phobias (including but certainly not limited to germs, heights, and even milk), Monk has lost his badge and struggles with even the simplest everyday tasks. Despite his many quirks, Monk is fortunate to have some supportive friends. With the help of his gifted therapist Dr. Kroger, Monk has made some gradual progress in controlling his condition. Monk's first personal assistant, Sharona Fleming, was able to help him pick up the pieces of his life and get back to doing what he does best: solving crimes. Though Monk was devastated when she moved away, he soon found hope in the form of a spunky new assistant, Natalie Teeger, whose unique brand of tough love proved to be just what Monk needed. In Natalie, Monk has found more than just an assistant; she's a faithful friend, a savvy businesswoman, and, it turns out, a pretty good assistant detective to boot. Natalie and her teenage daughter Julie have welcomed Monk into their family. And though Natalie and Monk have grown close, she's never afraid to give her boss a loving kick in the pants when he needs it. Now working as a private consultant, Monk continues to investigate cases in the most unconventional ways. Although Monk is no longer a member of the police force, his former boss Captain Leland Stottlemeyer still often calls upon him to provide unique insights into cases that have the cops stumped. Stottlemeyer himself is a highly decorated detective, but he knows he will never be as good as the illustrious Monk... and it drives him crazy. Still, he's a loyal friend to Monk, as is Lieutenant Randall Disher the Captain's self-appointed go-to guy, a cop with enough eagerness to almost make up for his lack of brilliance as a detective. Monk is a detective afraid of the dark, a gumshoe afraid of gum. He has no problem cracking a case - as long as it doesn't involve heights or germs, and is in close proximity to his apartment. Other than solving his wife's murder, Monk would like nothing more than to gain back his position on the San Francisco police force, but can he pull himself together and get back to solving crimes full time?
544	Home Improvement	Home Improvement	Comedy	7.6	"HomeImprovement" was about Tim "The Toolman"Taylor, host of the home-improvement show "Tool Time," definitely isnot as handy at home as he is on screen. He and his wife, Jill, raise threeboys who are racing toward adulthood. The Taylor family often relies onnext-door neighbor Wilson, who provides unconventional wisdom and perspectiveto the Taylors' personal and familial crises.
544	Home Improvement	Pilot	Comedy	7.6	Tim decides to rewire the dishwasher against Jill's wishes and ends up blowing more than her fuse.
544	Home Improvement	Mow Better Blues	Comedy	7.6	Mark fears he'll be traded in when he breaks a tool after Tim makes Jill take a hand-off-my-tools oath.
544	Home Improvement	Off Sides	Comedy	7.6	Tim's football fetish interrupts a romantic evening out, made possibly by a last-minute babysitter magician.
544	Home Improvement	Satellite On A Hot Tim's Roof	Comedy	7.6	While installing a satellite dish, Tim picks up warning signals from a job interview specialist who is counseling Jill.
544	Home Improvement	Wild Kingdom	Comedy	7.6	The possibility of a mouse in the basement is a minor matter to Tim, but a snake is not such a Mickey Mouse deal.
544	Home Improvement	Adventures In Fine Dining	Comedy	7.6	After pandemonium erupts at a pizza parlor, Tim promises Jill that he'll teach the boys some manners.
544	Home Improvement	Nothing More Than Feelings	Comedy	7.6	Tim can't ignore that Jill ignored her car's oil warning light, and shares it with his audience.
544	Home Improvement	Flying Sauces	Comedy	7.6	Tim cooks up a plan for Mark to get even with his borthers, and offers Tool Time viewers nutrition tips.
544	Home Improvement	Bubble, Bubble, Toil And Trouble	Comedy	7.6	The Taylors' bathroom is remodeled as a Tool Time special, but the job may take longer than expected.
544	Home Improvement	Reach Out And Teach Someone	Comedy	7.6	Tim hosts an all female Tool Time audience, prompted by Jill's inability to make household repairs.
544	Home Improvement	Look Who's Not Talking	Comedy	7.6	Jill fears delivering her speech, so Tim and Mark agree to be a sample "female" audience.
544	Home Improvement	Yule Better Watch Out	Comedy	7.6	Tim's efforts to wrest a Christmas decoration prize from a neighbor win him a visit from the fire department.
544	Home Improvement	Up Your Alley	Comedy	7.6	At a bowling alley, the boys battle a bully while Tim and Jill battle on the lanes in front of an audience of Tool Time fans.
544	Home Improvement	For Whom The Belch Tolls	Comedy	7.6	Jill finds the behavior of Tim's college roommate to be pretty collegiate.
544	Home Improvement	Forever Jung	Comedy	7.6	Tim blames a headache on a talk with Jill's feminist friend & Brad prepares for his first date.
544	Home Improvement	Jill's Birthday	Comedy	7.6	Tim tries but fails to answer Jill's request for a birthday gift that suits her instead of him.
544	Home Improvement	What About Bob?	Comedy	7.6	Bob Villa visits Tool Time, where Tim's talents pale by comparison with those of "the pioneer in home repair."
544	Home Improvement	Baby, It's Cold Outside	Comedy	7.6	Tim volunteers the family to test camping gear, nixing a weekend with Jill.
544	Home Improvement	Unchained Malady	Comedy	7.6	Despite Tim's discarding of a chain letter, George Foreman agrees to be a guest on Tool Time.
544	Home Improvement	Birds Of A Feather Flock To Taylor	Comedy	7.6	Did Jill tell him? Did Tim Listen? Plans for a night at the opera hinge on the answers, made clearer with outside help.
544	Home Improvement	A Battle Of Wheels	Comedy	7.6	Jill invades man's sacred space -- the garage -- with her pottery wheel; and Al takes a turn at hosting Tool Time, and finds it isn't easy as it looks.
544	Home Improvement	Luck Be A Taylor Tonight	Comedy	7.6	Jill's sister's marital problems disrupt Tim's poker game.
544	Home Improvement	Al's Fair In Love And War	Comedy	7.6	Tim advises Al about a new women in Al's life.
544	Home Improvement	Stereo-Typical	Comedy	7.6	Tim goes to buy new speakers and ends up with an entertainment center; Tool Time welcomes tool musicians, led by saw player Janeen Rae Heller.
545	Halo: Nightfall	Halo: Nightfall	Action	9.0	A strange and treacherous world exposes elite UNSC operatives to a much deeper danger. Halo: Nightfall is a live action series from 343 Industries and Scott Free Productions.
545	Halo: Nightfall	It's Only Just Beginning	Action	9.0	When Agent Locke and his team are caught in a horrific biological attack on the colony world of Sedra, they must turn to an unlikely source to obtain key information about the incident.
545	Halo: Nightfall	Sourced from Hell	Action	9.0	Locke and Aiken lead their soldiers onto the ring fragment's surface, but encounter a deadly new threat.
545	Halo: Nightfall	Lifeboat Rules	Action	9.0	Plans are set in motion to complete the mission at all costs, but will they survive long enough to see it through?
546	Babylon	Babylon	Drama	7.5	Razor-sharp comedy drama that takes a wry look at the people and politics of London's police force. With James Nesbitt and Brit Marling.
546	Babylon	Episode 1	Drama	7.5	Start of a six-part drama about PR and the London police force, starring James Nesbitt and Brit Marling. The force are called to help out a private security firm trying to deal with a riot.
546	Babylon	Episode 2	Drama	7.5	Eager to justify Commissioner Miller's faith in her, Liz presents her vision for Metwork: the force's very own digital news channel that will rival established outlets.
546	Babylon	Episode 3	Drama	7.5	Commissioner Miller decides to give Liz and her new ideas his full backing, leaving Finn worrying about his future.
546	Babylon	Episode 4	Drama	7.5	As Liz finds herself under attack for her handling of revelations relating to the Commissioner, Finn takes full advantage to side-line her and position himself as advisor to Deputy Commissioner Inglis.
547	ER	ER	Drama	8.8	NBC's celebrated medical drama "ER" debuted in the fall of 1994 and aired its series finale 15 seasons later. Along the way, "ER" helped launch the careers of George Clooney, Julianna Margulies and Noah Wiley among many others. Combining the extraordinary talents of multiple award-winning producer John Wells ("The West Wing" "Third Watch"), best-selling author Michael Crichton ("Jurassic Park") and the creative team at Steven Spielberg's Amblin Television, the venerated series "ER" explores the inner workings of an urban teaching hospital and the critical issues faced by the dedicated physicians and staff of its overburdened emergency room. The highly acclaimed drama series holds the distinction of being recognized as the most Emmy-nominated series in the history of television.
548	Skins	Skins	Drama	9.0	Irreverent comedy drama from the makers of Shameless, which follows the messy lives, loves, delirious highs and inevitable lows of a group of raucous teenage friends in Bristol.
549	Will & Grace	Will & Grace	Comedy	9.0	Every straight girl needs a gay best friend, and interior designer Grace Adler found an ultimate accessory in her lawyer pal Will Truman. It's through this neurotic pair that the show's real stars -- Jack & Karen - come together. "Just Jack" McFarland and his boozy, pill-popping sidekick Karen Walker fill in the foursome that made Will & Grace classic TV and brought primetime to a whole new level of fabulous, while also winning 16 Emmy Awards in the process. With show-stopping guest appearances by Cher, Madonna, Britney, Janet, J-Lo, Ellen, Elton and most every gay icon under the sun, the milestones that Will & Grace hit provided a foundation for all LGBT portrayals on TV today.
550	Desperate Housewives	Desperate Housewives	Drama	7.1	In the town of Fairview there's a street called Wisteria Lane; a peaceful cul-de-sac with manicured lawns and beautiful houses. It's a place where you know all your neighbors and your neighbors know all about you. It's the perfect suburban fantasy. But, behind every picket fence there are secrets. And, in every seemingly happy home, you'll find jealousy, lust, passion, and sometimes…murder.
552	The King of Queens	The King of Queens	Comedy	none	Set in the working-class suburb of Queens, New York, the show follows Doug Heffernan, an amiable deliveryman, and his wife, spitfire secretary Carrie Heffernan, as they explore the everyday challenges of love, life, family and marriage.
553	Cheers	Cheers	Comedy	8.3	CHEERS takes viewers back to the Boston bar where everybody knows your name. As former baseball star Sam Malone and his colleague Diane Chambers fight their mutual attractions, they cater to their regulars including Norm Petersen and Cliff Claven. Talking about their problems, laughing at each other's flaws and trying to be there when someone needs them, the gang are joined by naïve farm boy Woody, bitter waitress Carla , troubled psychiatrist Frasier and his wife.
554	Dark Angel	Dark Angel	Action	8.1	In the year 2019 the U.S. has become a third world country in the wake of the Pulse - an electromagnetic shockwave unleashed by nuclear terrorists in 2009. This is Max's world, an unforgiving place even for a genetically engineered soldier like her. On the run from her creators and constantly in search of her past, Max joins forces with the idealistic cyberjournalist "Eyes Only". She's a revved-up girl trying to make a run-down world a better place.
555	Avatar: The Last Airbender	Avatar: The Last Airbender	Action	8.4	Water. Earth. Fire. Air. Only the Avatar was the master of all four elements. Only he could stop the ruthless Fire Nation from conquering the world. But when the world needed him most, he disappeared. Until now... On the South Pole, a lone Water Tribe village struggles to survive. It's here that a young Waterbender named Katara and her warrior brother Sokka rescue a strange boy named Aang from a cavernous iceberg. Not only is Aang an Airbender--a race of people no one has seen in a century--but they soon discover that Aang is also the long lost Avatar. Now it's up to Katara and Sokka to make sure Aang faces his destiny to save the tribe--and himself. Did we mention he's only 12?
557	Alias	Alias	Drama	8.8	Golden Globe Award-winning actress Jennifer Garner is Sydney Bristow. Syd's not exactly your average grad student. Her life might appear normal, but she's hiding a secret life working as a spy for the CIA.Sydney's world is turned upside down when she learns she may work for the very enemy she thought she was fighting. Now she's entangled in a covert lifestyle where she is forced to question the allegiances of everyone, including those closest to her.
557	Alias	Truth Be Told	Drama	8.8	Sydney Bristow is a college student who leads a double life: she works for shadowy government agency called SD-6 which is supposed to be a covert branch of the CIA and reports to Arvin Sloan. Recently engaged, she tells her boyfriend, Danny Hecht, the truth. The next day, he is murdered. Later, Sydney's father, Jack Bristow, tells the truth: he is a double agent for the real CIA, as SD-6 is a renegade agency who allegedly killed Sydney's fiancé. Sydney must make a decision which will haunt her for the rest of her life. Sydney's partner in the field, Marcus Dixon, is also unaware about his true alliances as is SD-6's tech expert, the socially awkward Marshall Flinkman. Sydney's friends, the headstrong Francine, and the ambitious journalist Will Tippin are also unaware about Sydney's double life, until Will becomes inquisitive about Sydney's well-being following her fiancé's murder.
558	Persons Unknown	Persons Unknown	Thriller	6.8	"Persons Unknown" is a one-hour mystery drama in which a group of strangers must come together to solve the puzzle of their lives.
559	Entourage	Entourage	Drama	10.0	The hit comedy series that takes a look at the day-to-day life of Vincent (Vince) Chase, a hot young actor in Hollywood, and his inner circle. He's brought with him from their hometown in Queens, NY: manager Eric, half-brother Drama, and friend Turtle. The series draws on the experiences of industry insiders to illustrate both the heady excesses of today's celebrity lifestyle, as well as the highs and lows of love and success in show biz. Eric, along with super-agent Ari, keep Vince's star rising while making sound decisions for a long-lasting career in a world of fleeting fame.
560	One Tree Hill	One Tree Hill	Drama	9.7	As ONE TREE HILL continues to grow and break new ground, the show enters its ninth season with close to 200 episodes under its belt. Last season in Tree Hill, there were a great number of changes -- both personal and professional -- including the momentous and captivating marriage of Brooke and Julian, a change of career for Nathan and more than one family welcoming new additions. Through it all, ONE TREE HILL continues to explore the delicate balance that contemporary young people face as they endeavor to build and define what their lives will be, while overcoming difficulties and embracing the good things that they sometimes take for granted. The series, now in its ninth season, continues to celebrate the most important things -- among them the quest for love, laughter, health, friends, career and family -- timeless pursuits that have always mattered, and matter still.
561	La Femme Nikita	La Femme Nikita	Action	8.6	Framed for killing a cop, Nikita agrees to work for a secret government agency.
562	Law & Order	Law & Order	Drama	9.0	"In the criminal justice system, the people are represented by two separate, yet equally important, groups: the police, who investigate crime; and the district attorneys, who prosecute the offenders. These are their stories.""Law & Order" is one of the most successful and critically acclaimed series in the history of television. For over a decade this Emmy Award-winning series has presented the investigation and prosecution of cases ripped straight from today's headlines. Filmed entirely in and around New York City, this realistic yet fictional drama follows a crime, usually adapted from current headlines, from a dual perspective. The first half of the show concentrates on the investigation of the crime by the police, the second half follows the prosecution of the crime in court.
562	Law & Order	Hands Free	Drama	9.0	Some of a man's body parts are found in separate garbage cans and Briscoe and Green go searching for a woman who killed and dismembered her boyfriend, and instead find a man who murdered his wife. When McCoy fails to win a murder conviction against the eccentric cross-dressing millionaire, he redoubles the effort to convict the man for murdering his second wife years earlier by demonstrating that he murdered a witness to the crime.
563	Star Wars: The Clone Wars (2008)	Star Wars: The Clone Wars (2008)	Action	9.5	The Clone Wars television series chronicles the events taking place between Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones and Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith. The Clone Wars will ultimately lead to the downfall of the Jedi and the rise of the Galactic Empire.
565	Deadwood	Deadwood	Drama	9.5	The outlaw camp of Deadwood marches slowly towards civilization, facing its first elections. But the power struggles continue over everything in Deadwood—influence, money, and whores—as the founding camp members form strategic alliances to face down the threat of a powerful newcomer, seeking to remake Deadwood in his image.
566	Ghost Whisperer	Ghost Whisperer	Fantasy	9.5	Ever since she was a young girl, Melinda Gordon has been able to see and talk to dead people--earth bound spirits who have yet to cross over to the other side and who seek her help in communicating and resolving unfinished business with the living. Melinda sometimes has a hard time accepting her "gift," especially now that she's a newlywed and looking forward to starting her new life with her husband, Jim Clancy, a paramedic. Her friend and business partner in the antique store, Andrea Moreno, is fascinated by Melinda's talent. Although Melinda embraces her unique "abilities" as a blessing and sometimes a curse, she always helps her clients--alive or dead--find emotional closure.
567	Gossip Girl	Gossip Girl	Drama	7.0	Six years after the first Gossip Girl blast rocked the Upper East Side and viewers at home, "Gossip Girl" returns for an unforgettable final season. Season six opens with the Upper East Siders working together to find one of their own. Serena has gone off the grid, beyond even the reach of Gossip Girl. Her friends fear for the worst and hope for the best, but even they can't imagine where they will ultimately find her.  Meanwhile, Blair has offered Chuck her heart, but is her love enough to help him win back his empire? Lonely Boy Danhas written a new book that promises to make even more trouble than the first, and this time he has no desire to remain anonymous. Nate is determined to finally reveal the true identity of Gossip Girl, thereby making a name for The Spectator and himself. Lily and Rufus turn on one another when Rufus makes a surprising new ally who threatens Lily and her family. Always ready with a scheme, Ivy is prepared to stir up trouble.  Anywhere else it would be too much drama to handle, but this is the Upper East Side. And when Bart Bass, Jack Bass and Georgina Sparks show up to raise hell, it's a fight to the spectacular series finale. Who comes out on top? That's one secret I'll never tell… xoxo, Gossip Girl.
568	Malcolm in the Middle	Malcolm in the Middle	Comedy	7.0	In the words of They Might Be Giants' rollicking Grammy-winning theme song, "life is unfair." The inventive and wholly original sitcom Malcolm in the Middle has been honored with a Peabody Award and Emmys for directing and writing, but if life was fair, it would have earned an Emmy for Best Comedy Series, not to mention statuettes for its pitch-perfect cast. With his perpetual "yes, me worry" expression, Frankie Muniz instantly earns audience empathy as Malcolm, whose chances for a normal life are thwarted not only by his genius IQ, but also by his outrageously dysfunctional family: Lois, his obsessive, control-freak mother; Hal, his loving but ineffectual father; Francis, his eldest brother waging his own private war at military school; middle brother Reese, a delinquent savant; and Dewey, the put-upon youngest. As Malcolm observes at one point, "This family may be rude, loud and gross, and have no shame whatsoever, but with them you know where you stand."
569	Dharma & Greg	Dharma & Greg	Comedy	6.0	When free-spirited yoga instructor Dharma Finkelstein meets conservative attorney Greg Montgomery, it's love at first sight. Unfortunately, there is absolutely no love in the air when Dharma's hippie parents and Greg's blue-blood establishment parents finally meet after their children have already married at a drive-thru chapel in Reno. With friends and family all suggesting that a quick annulment would be best, it's no surprise that the couple begins to second-guess their impulsive nuptials. But it's soon evident that nothing can stand in the way of true love!
570	NYPD Blue	NYPD Blue	Drama	7.0	The gritty details of life as a member of a New York City police unit.
571	The Glades	The Glades	Drama	8.8	Jim Longworth, a brilliant homicide detective solving unlikely crimes in the town of Palm Glade, Florida.
573	Everybody Loves Raymond	Everybody Loves Raymond	Comedy	3.5	Standup comedian Ray Romano stars as Ray Barone, a successful sportswriter who deals with his brother and parents, who happen to live across the street. Patricia Heaton, Peter Boyle, Doris Roberts, and Brad Garrett round out the stellar cast.
576	CSI: Miami	CSI: Miami	Action	10.0	Inspired by the top-rated series "CSI: Crime Scene Investigation," CSI: MIAMI is a drama that follows a South Florida team of forensic investigators who use both cutting-edge scientific methods and old-fashioned police work to solve crimes. Horatio Caine, a former homicide detective, heads a group of investigators who work crimes amid the steamy tropical surroundings and cultural crossroads of Miami. His team includes Calleigh Duquesne, a bilingual Southern beauty with a specialty in ballistics; Eric Delko, an underwater recovery expert who knows all the twists and turns of the Florida waterways, and Ryan Wolfe, a former patrol officer who specializes in blood and trace evidence. Rounding out the team is Alexx Woods, the no-nonsense know-it-all coroner, and Natalia Boa Vista, the enigmatic DNA specialist. Helping Horatio with cases is Det. Frank Tripp, a tough yet thorough police officer. Together, these investigators collect and analyze the evidence to solve the crimes and to avenge those who cannot speak for themselves--the victims.
577	Fawlty Towers	Fawlty Towers	Comedy	9.3	Fawlty Towers was famously inspired by a seethingly rude hotel proprietor John Cleese encountered whilst away filming with the Monty Python team. Unwittingly, Donald Sinclair became the blueprint for Basil Fawlty, the epitome of frustrated, social climbing middle-Englanders.
578	90210	90210	Drama	6.0	The fifth season of "90210" will find the gang struggling with the biggest  issues of their lives. Having put their relatively carefree days at West Beverly behind them and launched themselves into adulthood, they will search for answers to their trials and tribulations with only their friendships to lean on.  They will experience new love and old flames, loyalties being challenged and shocking betrayals. Some friendships will be tested, others will be renewed and new people who will try to infiltrate the close circle of friends. There are some things money can't buy, even in 90210.
579	Harry's Law	Harry's Law	Drama	9.0	In Season 2, Harry is back with an attitude as she hones her courtroom arguments and winning style. On the heels of Harry's rising reputation, Harry's Law and Fine Shoes starts landing larger cases, and alongside her newfound success, Harry is looking to bring in some new hotshot attorneys to help out the team.
580	Raising Hope	Raising Hope	Comedy	8.1	Raising Hope follows the Chances as the unexpected addition to their family becomes a toddler.
581	JAG	JAG	Drama	10.0	In this explosive hour-long dramatic adventure series, David James Elliot stars as Lieutenant Commander "Harm" Rabb, Jr., a brave, outstanding Navy Lawyer and officer in the Judge Advocate General (J.A.G.) Corps. His missions are to investigate and prosecute all crimes, accidents, acts of terrorism and espionage related to the Navy and Marine Corps.
582	The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air	The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air	Comedy	7.8	Will Smith plays a young man transplanted from the tough streets of Philadelphia to live with his wealthy Bel-Air relatives, causing everyone to adjust how they live and think.
583	Sliders	Sliders	Action	8.1	Quinn, a brilliant grad student, has created a device that opens a wormhole to an infinite number of parallel universes where history has taken different paths. His first test trip goes awry, stranding his physics professor, Arturo , his friend, Wade, and bystander Rembrandt "Crying Man" Brown in parallel San Francisco. Now, this foursome of Sliders must travel from one alternate reality to another in the hope of somehow finding their way home.
585	Ghost Hunters	Ghost Hunters	Action	7.5	Contact between humans and spirits from the afterlife is not as far-fetched as is it seems. As the leader of The Atlantic Paranormal Society (TAPS), Jason Hawes has made it his life's mission to help anyone with questions pertaining to paranormal phenomena and ghost hunting.
587	That '70s Show	That '70s Show	Comedy	8.3	Crank up the 8-track and flash back to a time when platform shoes and puka shells were all the rage in this hilarious retro-sitcom. For Eric, Kelso, Jackie, Hyde, Donna and Fez, a group of high school teens who spend most of their time hanging out in Eric's basement, life in the ‘70s isn't always so groovy. But between trying to figure out the meaning of life, avoiding their parents, and dealing with out-of-control hormones, they've learned one thing for sure: they'll always get by with a little help from their friends.
588	NTSF:SD:SUV	NTSF:SD:SUV	Comedy	8.0	NTSF:SD:SUV:: (National Terrorism Strike Force: San Diego: Sport Utility Vehicle), is a clandestine team of government agents working together to protect San Diego from numerous terrorist threats coming in daily from such evil countries as Mexico, Canada and Guam. This team of highly trained operatives has only one job: saving your ass so you can drive your Prius and see your movies in 3-D without worrying about living in a country run by no-good terrorists. As with many other acronym-ed police procedurals that dominate the airwaves, NTSF:SD:SUV::'s season of 15-minute episodes is ripped from the headlines and full of suspense, action, drama, cliffhangers, yelling, passionate love-making, more yelling, death and plenty of pregnant pauses.
589	Bad Teacher	Bad Teacher	Comedy	4.0	Based on the hit feature film, BAD TEACHER stars Ari Graynor as an always inappropriate, fearless and unapologetic former trophy wife who masquerades as a teacher in order to find a new man after her wealthy husband leaves her penniless.
590	Pokémon The Series: XY	Pokémon The Series: XY	Anime	8.8	A Ten-year-old boy named Ash leaves his home to explore the world and become the greatest Pokémon trainer. In his travels he is joined by two friends, Misty and Brock, and his own Pokémon, Pikachu. Together, they search their world to find all 150 Pokémon while avoiding Team Rocket who are out to steal their Pokémon.
590	Pokémon The Series: XY	Fairy-Type Trickery!	Anime	8.8	After Sawyer's loss to Valerie, Ash takes on her Sylveon and Spritzee using Fletchinder and Hawlucha.
590	Pokémon The Series: XY	Rivals: Today and Tomorrow!	Anime	8.8	After winning his sixth gym badge, the gang helps Sawyer find his lost notebook from Team Rocket where he reveals details of his past and challenges Ash to another battle.
590	Pokémon The Series: XY	A Not-So-Flying Start!	Anime	8.8	While on the way to Anistar City, the heroes encounter a teaching moment after a chance discovery.
590	Pokémon The Series: XY	A Relay in the Sky!	Anime	8.8	The newest member gets the chance to spread its wings during an unexpected race.
590	Pokémon The Series: XY	Rotom's Wish!	Anime	8.8	A visit to a peculiar hotel gives our heroes the chance to right a wrong.
590	Pokémon The Series: XY	A Festival Trade! A Festival Farewell?	Anime	8.8	Our heroes fall victim to several cases of mistaken identity.
593	Murdoch Mysteries	Murdoch Mysteries	Drama	9.0	Set in Toronto at the dawn of the 20th century, Murdoch Mysteries is a one-hour drama series that explores the intriguing world of William Murdoch, a methodical and dashing detective who pioneers innovative forensic techniques to solve some of the city's most gruesome murders. Murdoch's colleagues include the love of his life, coroner and psychiatrist Dr. Julia Ogden, a staunch ally who shares the detective's fascination for science; Constable George Crabtree, Murdoch's eager but sometimes naïve right-hand man; Inspector Brackenreid, Murdoch's skeptical yet reluctantly supportive boss; and coroner Dr. Emily Grace, Dr. Ogden's protégé.
594	Henry Danger	Henry Danger	Comedy	none	Henry Danger follows the adventures of 13-year old Henry Hart whose life takes a wild turn when he gets selected by superhero Captain Man to be his apprentice. After promising to keep his new identity a secret, Henry must navigate a double life balancing the challenges of eighth grade with the crazy adventures of a crime fighter.
594	Henry Danger	The Danger Begins	Comedy	none	Henry lands a new job as a Kid Danger, sidekick to superhero Captain Man, but he must keep the details about this a secret in the series premiere of this comedy about a kid leading a double life.
594	Henry Danger	Mo' Danger, Mo' Problems	Comedy	none	Henry adapts to his new job as Kid Danger, but he struggles to balance it with school and his personal life.
594	Henry Danger	The Secret Gets Out	Comedy	none	Charlotte grows suspicious of Henry's many secrets, jeopardizing Henry's superhero-sidekick job.
594	Henry Danger	Tears Of The Jolly Beetle	Comedy	none	Captain Man grows fearful of fighting crime when he loses his powers of invulnerability, so Kid Danger must protect Swellview and determine how to retrieve his boss's powers.
594	Henry Danger	Substitute Teacher	Comedy	none	A new classmate is suspicious to Henry and Charlotte, so Captain Man goes undercover as a substitute teacher.
594	Henry Danger	Jasper Danger	Comedy	none	Jasper dresses as Kid Danger for Halloween and is mistaken for the real sidekick.
594	Henry Danger	The Space Rock	Comedy	none	Henry comes home with a rock from outer space, but the rock brings some complications with it.
594	Henry Danger	Birthday Girl Down	Comedy	none	Henry's banned from a birthday party because of his rumored antics at the prior year's bash, so Captain Man tries to prove his sidekick has been wrongly accused.
594	Henry Danger	Too Much Game	Comedy	none	A new student gets Henry's position on the basketball team, but questions arise about the kid's age. Elsewhere, Captain Man learns he must overcome grudges if he wants his old pal's assistance.
594	Henry Danger	Henry the Man-Beast	Comedy	none	Henry's big date goes awry after he's mistakenly exposed to a peculiar device in the Man Cave.
594	Henry Danger	Invisible Brad	Comedy	none	Captain Man's invisible pal, Brad, visits, but he overstays his welcome.
594	Henry Danger	Spoiler Alert	Comedy	none	An annoying villain called the Spoiler surfaces. Elsewhere, Piper attempts to join a Captain Man fan club.
594	Henry Danger	Let's Make A Steal	Comedy	none	Henry appears on a game show to assist Captain Man with a robbery investigation, but then Henry becomes one of the robbery victims.
594	Henry Danger	Super Volcano	Comedy	none	A dormant volcano becomes active, leading Henry and Ray to believe the world is coming to an end. Elsewhere, Piper thinks she needs to eliminate gluten from her diet.
594	Henry Danger	My Phony Valentine	Comedy	none	Henry's hurt by his crush when she dates another boy on Valentine's Day, so Schwoz devises a plan to make her jealous. Meanwhile, Ray has a bad date with Henry's teacher.
594	Henry Danger	Caved In	Comedy	none	Jasper sets off an emergency lockdown by mistake, trapping the gang inside the store and the cave.
594	Henry Danger	Elevator Kiss	Comedy	none	Bianca kisses Kid Danger after he rescues her, and this upsets Henry, because he interprets it as her being unfaithful to him.
594	Henry Danger	Man Of The House	Comedy	none	Captain Man acts patriarchal after he moves in Henry's home in order to safeguard the family from crime, and Henry's not happy about this turn of events.
594	Henry Danger	Dream Busters	Comedy	none	A villain puts Henry in a dream state, and it's up to Charlotte to save him.
594	Henry Danger	Kid Grounded	Comedy	none	Henry gets punished for sneaking out at night, so Charlotte fills in as Captain Man's sidekick while Henry stays at home and puts up with Piper's annoying antics.
594	Henry Danger	Captain Jerk	Comedy	none	Captain Man holds a contest in order to improve his image, and the winners get to tour his lair. However, Henry fears his secret identity may be exposed after his friends win the contest.
594	Henry Danger	The Bucket Trap	Comedy	none	Henry and Charlotte want to tell Jasper that Henry's Kid danger.
594	Henry Danger	Henry and the Bad Girl, Part 1	Comedy	none	Henry falls for a girl in a graffiti gang, putting him in an awkward position with Captain Man, who's going after the gang.
594	Henry Danger	Henry and the Bad Girl, Part 2	Comedy	none	Kid Danger joins a graffiti gang, and Captain Man searches for him while trying to defeat the gang's leader.
594	Henry Danger	Jasper's Real Girlfriend	Comedy	none	A girl from summer camp visits Jasper and grows jealous of Charlotte, who starts to wonder if the girl is emotionally stable.
594	Henry Danger	One Henry, Three Girls: Part 1	Comedy	none	While trying to capture The Mad Granny, an old grandmother who keeps terrorizing Captain Man at public appearances, Henry is forced to juggling his work life and his romantic life.
594	Henry Danger	One Henry, Three Girls: Part 2	Comedy	none	Henry's plans for the school dance become complicated when he must also appear as Kid Danger; Kid Danger is forced to make a dramatic decision.
595	The Thundermans	The Thundermans	Comedy	none	Phoebe and Max Thunderman are 14-year-old fraternal twins turbocharged by freeze breath and the power to move objects via telekinesis. Phoebe, a good-natured sister, always tries to do the right thing, while Max, a troublemaker, dreams of one day becoming a super villain. Brother Billy moves at super speed, while younger sister Nora cuts solid objects with her laser beam eyes. Rounding out the family are parents Hank, who possesses extraordinary strength and the ability to fly, and Barb, who can generate lightning from her hands. Ultimately, the family must attempt keep their powers under wraps and lead a "normal" life... but can life ever be "normal" in a family of superheroes?
595	The Thundermans	Doubles Trouble	Comedy	none	Phoebe wants to win a country-club membership, so she seeks Max's assistance.
595	The Thundermans	Who's Your Mommy?	Comedy	none	The kids mistakenly sell their mom's superhero utility belt at the family's garage sale.
595	The Thundermans	Call Of Lunch Duty	Comedy	none	Phoebe refuses to tattle on Max when she learns he's behind some school pranks, but then she must face the repercussions of her loyalty.
595	The Thundermans	Phoebe Vs. Max: The Sequel	Comedy	none	In the third-season opener, Phoebe gets her first assignment as a superhero: She must safeguard Hiddenville. However, she finds the task a little too simplistic, so she asks Max to make it more challenging for her.
595	The Thundermans	Why You Buggin'?	Comedy	none	After discovering that Link's ex-girlfriend is a secret supervillain who wants Link for herself, Phoebe enlists Max's help in exposing her rival's true motives.
595	The Thundermans	Exit Stage Theft	Comedy	none	Max tries to reestablish his evil reputation by committing petty crimes; Max must choose between his friends and his reputation.
595	The Thundermans	Are You Afraid Of The Park?	Comedy	none	Max and Phoebe start a fight between Billy and Nora so they can avoid riding a scary roller coaster, but their scheme backfires when the feud escalates.
597	The Real Housewives Of Atlanta	The Real Housewives Of Atlanta	Drama	none	An up-close and personal look at life in Hotlanta, "The Real Housewives of Atlanta" follows five glamorous southern belles as they balance motherhood, demanding careers and a fast-paced social calendar, and shows what life is like in the most exclusive areas of Atlanta. These driven and ambitious women prove that they're not just "housewives," but entrepreneurs, doting mothers and classy southern women. These ladies show the world what it takes to live large in some of the hottest zip codes in the south.
597	The Real Housewives Of Atlanta	Bye Bye & Bon Voyage	Drama	none	A draining day impacts Phaedra and Apollo as he faces his day in court in the Season 7 opener. Also: Kenya returns from vacation and deals with a dispute with Porsha; NeNe heads to Las Vegas to rehearse for a Cirque du Soleil show; and Kandi questions Todd's relaxed parenting style.
597	The Real Housewives Of Atlanta	No Moore Apollogies	Drama	none	Kandi tries to please her mother by buying her a house. Meanwhile, tension between Phaedra and Apollo continues; NeNe gears up for opening night in Las Vegas; and Cynthia hosts a party, where Apollo breaks stunning news.
597	The Real Housewives Of Atlanta	All Tea All Shade	Drama	none	Phaedra and Apollo divide in the wake of his apology to Kenya. Meanwhile, radio figure Claudia Jordan prepares for her new Southern life; NeNe returns to Atlanta following her show in Las Vegas; and a meeting between Porsha and Cynthia turns sour.
597	The Real Housewives Of Atlanta	Burying The Ratchet	Drama	none	Todd reprimands staffers at the Kandi Factory, putting Kandi in between her team and her husband. Meanwhile, Phaedra struggles with fallout from Apollo's decisions; Claudia begins to adjust to Atlanta life; Kenya hopes to mend relationships with the others.
597	The Real Housewives Of Atlanta	Make-Ups and Breakdowns	Drama	none	Cynthia and NeNe continue to clash as they try to resolve their issues. Meanwhile, Phaedra plunges into work to keep her mind off Apollo's dramas; Cynthia makes her runway comeback at New York Fashion Week; and Kandi treks to the Big Apple to visit Todd's mother.
598	Boston Legal	Boston Legal	Comedy	10.0	Sometimes irreverent and funny, sometimes intense and moving, "Boston Legal" prides itself on being at the forefront of issue-oriented television, often addressing issues that are underreported by the media. Fast-paced and wildly comedic, the series confronts social and moral issues, while its characters continually stretch the boundaries of the law.
609	The Astronaut Wives Club	The Astronaut Wives Club	Drama	7.3	The Astronaut Wives Club is based on the book by Lily Koppel. This 10 episode limited series tells the story of the women who were key players behind some of the biggest events in American history.
609	The Astronaut Wives Club	Launch	Drama	7.3	Seven women are transformed, seemingly overnight, from military spouses to American royalty as they prepare for the mission of a lifetime when NASA chooses their husbands - talented test pilots from around the country - to be the first Americans in space! These women who once were strangers rally around their husbands and their country. With death defying missions underway, these women form a bond only they could understand. As Alan Shepherd is tapped to be the first to go up, his wife Louise is the picture of strength as she handles the pressures of space exploration and her responsibilities as wife and mother. With the other women by her side, the race to space is on.
609	The Astronaut Wives Club	Protocol	Drama	7.3	As Louise and Alan Shepard bask in the success of his mission, Betty Grissom preps for Gus' launch and turns to Louise for advice. And Annie Glenn grapples with her stutter, anticipating that the press will want to hear from her after John's orbit is completed.
609	The Astronaut Wives Club	Retroattitude	Drama	7.3	The women ready themselves for Scott Carpenter's launch and a move to Houston; at the same time, Rene receives the opportunity to tell her story in LIFE Magazine; and Deke deals with some troubling news that puts his future as an astronaut in doubt.
609	The Astronaut Wives Club	Liftoff	Drama	7.3	While the Cold War intensifies and the Cuban Missile Crisis comes to a head, the Mercury 7 families begin glamorous new lives in Houston. But Houston also marks the start of the Gemini Project, and with it, the arrival of the Gemini wives, which changes the dynamic among all the women. Marge and Deke embrace new roles after learning about Deke's permanent status, and Trudy and Gordo's personal "cold war" begins to thaw.
609	The Astronaut Wives Club	Flashpoint	Drama	7.3	As the struggle for Civil Rights upends the nation, the Astrowives fight their own battles in their marriages and the world at large. Trudy learns of attempts to quash a budding astronaut training program for women, and John Glenn considers a run for public office.
609	The Astronaut Wives Club	In The Blind	Drama	7.3	Astronaut John Glenn has his sights set on a political career and hits the campaign trail with wife Annie and Rene Carpenter by his side as he runs for the Ohio senate, while Alan Shepherd quietly grapples with a personal matter that could ground his career forever. Meanwhile, Betty Grissom receives an unsettling letter regarding Gus that challenges their marriage.
609	The Astronaut Wives Club	Rendezvous	Drama	7.3	As the Gemini missions are being successfully launched and the Apollo program kicks into high gear, the pressure on the wives grows exponentially. Gemini wife Marilyn Lovell hides an unexpected pregnancy and other wives face an even greater challenge - becoming the first space widows.
609	The Astronaut Wives Club	Abort	Drama	7.3	Betty Grissom faces the grim reality that her husband, Gus, is gone. With Gus having died while preparing for a NASA mission, Betty must move forward planning his funeral and a life without him. After receiving word that Gus' death may have been preventable, Betty is determined to get answers in Gus' death and embarks on a battle for justice.
609	The Astronaut Wives Club	The Dark Side	Drama	7.3	As the country seems to spiral out of control, the wives struggle to find their place in the new world order. Wally's career at NASA ends, and Jo must redefine her role and priorities. Louise wrestles with the fear of losing her husband as Alan considers undergoing risky surgery that will determine his future. Susan Borman grapples with uncertainty as the Apollo 8 mission goes where no man has been before.
609	The Astronaut Wives Club	Landing	Drama	7.3	It's 1969, and Apollo 11's historic moon landing is cause for worldwide celebration and a high point for the Astro-families. The wives are interviewed for a TV documentary on the space program, Gordo is passed over for the next mission, and Trudy faces some big decisions about her personal and professional future. Betty finds a powerful way to honor Gus's legacy and advocate for change. In April 1970, the nation watches the fraught voyage of Apollo 13.
610	Galavant	Galavant	Action	8.1	Once upon a time, the dashing hero, Galavant, lost the love of his life, Madalena, to the evil King Richard. Now, our fallen hero is ready to take revenge and restore his "happily ever after." But it won't be without a few twists and turns along the way.
610	Galavant	Pilot	Action	8.1	When heroic, charming and handsome Sir Galavant loses his true love, the beautiful Madalena, to evil King Richard's wealth and power, he falls into a deep and drunken despair. Just as our hero hits rock bottom, Princess Isabella shows up with a quest to save her kingdom, defeat the despicable King Richard, and provide an opportunity for Galavant to reclaim Madalena. Galavant is off to become a hero again and strike a blow for true love... but first, Galavant has to fit into his old hero pants.
610	Galavant	Joust Friends	Action	8.1	Galavant enters a jousting tournament against a boastful rival, Sir Jean Hamm, to test his return to heroic form (and win some much-needed traveling money and a really nice rooster). But it quickly becomes clear that Galavant is a long shot to win. Meanwhile, King Richard asks Gareth to help him become a bit more macho so that Madalena won't despise him quite so much.
610	Galavant	Two Balls	Action	8.1	A visit to Sid's hometown reveals he has not been truthful about his career path. While Galavant and Isabella back up Sid's stories, King Richard decides to throw a ball to cheer up the people of Valencia.
610	Galavant	Comedy Gold	Action	8.1	An encounter with land-bound pirates forces Galavant, Isabella and Sid to learn how to get over their petty squabbles and work together. Meanwhile, King Richard tries a new tact to win Madalena's love.
610	Galavant	Completely Mad...Alena	Action	8.1	While Galavant struggles with the realization about his true love, King Richard goes on a voyage of self-discovery, thanks to a potion from the magician, Xanax. As Galavant draws closer to the woman he really loves, an emboldened King Richard starts to assert himself, just as his meaner, elder brother returns - Kingsley.
610	Galavant	Dungeons and Dragon Lady	Action	8.1	Richard takes a voyage of self-discovery with help from a magician's potion; Galavant tries to come to terms with his confusing love life.
610	Galavant	My Cousin Izzy	Action	8.1	Galavant finally gets his chance to be a hero when King Richard challenges his brother to a duel and requires someone to fight for him.
610	Galavant	It's All in the Executions	Action	8.1	A plot to kill Kingsley is hatched before his duel with Richard.
613	Eye Candy	Eye Candy	Drama	6.9	The hour-long, 10-episode drama centers on tech genius Lindy, played by Victoria Justice, a 21-year-old hacker with a gift for seeing clues and connections in the digital world that others can't. Persuaded by her roommate to try online dating, Lindy begins to suspect that one of her suitors is a deadly cyber stalker. When the local cyber-crimes unit uncovers a potential serial killer in Manhattan, all signs point to this mysterious stalker. Teaming up with the cyber unit and some hacker friends, Lindy leads the charge to solve these murders while unleashing her own style of justice on the streets of New York City.
613	Eye Candy	K3U	Drama	6.9	Danger stems from a dating app in the opener of this series, in which a hacker tracks a potential serial killer in New York City.
613	Eye Candy	BRB	Drama	6.9	Lindy goes on dates with two murder suspects.
613	Eye Candy	HBTU	Drama	6.9	Sophia throws a party. Meanwhile, Jake develops a crush on Lindy.
613	Eye Candy	YOLO	Drama	6.9	Five teens disappear. Later, Lindy and Tommy are led to an unexpected place.
613	Eye Candy	IRL	Drama	6.9	A media mogul throws a party.
613	Eye Candy	ICU	Drama	6.9	Lindy goes undercover as a patient at a New York City hospital.
613	Eye Candy	SOS	Drama	6.9	Lindy uses herself as bait.
613	Eye Candy	AMA	Drama	6.9	Lindy is drawn into the past by a message from the killer; and also unearths shocking revelations about her case.
613	Eye Candy	FYEO	Drama	6.9	Lindy turns to Jake for help in investigating her sister's abduction; and Tommy and Connor uncover information about the serial killer on the dark Internet.
614	12 Monkeys	12 Monkeys	Action	8.2	Inspired by the classic blockbuster film, which commemorates its 20th anniversary next year, 12 Monkeys explores the provocative story of a time traveler from a decimated future in a high-stakes race against the clock. Utilizing a dangerous and untested method of time travel, he journeys from 2043 to the present day on a mission to locate and eradicate the source of a deadly plague that will all but annihilate the human race.
614	12 Monkeys	Splinter	Action	8.2	A drama based on Terry Gilliam's 1995 sci-fi adventure begins when a time traveler from the post-apocalyptic future arrives in the year 2015 on a mission to save mankind from a deadly plague that will eventually decimate 93.6% of the human race.
614	12 Monkeys	Mentally Divergent	Action	8.2	Cole's search for information about a mysterious organization known as the Army of the 12 Monkeys leads him to a mental institution in 2015, where there's a patient who holds the key to the plague that will destroy the world. Meanwhile, Dr. Railly risks her life and disrupting the course of history to help Cole.
614	12 Monkeys	Cassandra Complex	Action	8.2	Cole's search for the location of the virus leads him to 2014, and to a devastating moment in Dr. Railly's life involving a dangerous outbreak in Haiti.
614	12 Monkeys	Atari	Action	8.2	A fight for the future ensues when a dangerous band of marauders hunting for Cole and Ramse threaten the mission to save the past.
614	12 Monkeys	The Night Room	Action	8.2	Cole and Dr. Railly battle the Army of the 12 Monkeys after they both discover the Night Room, an off-site, black ops lab that houses the virus that will one day destroy the world.
614	12 Monkeys	The Red Forest	Action	8.2	Cole risks his future to save Dr. Railly after the tragic events of the Night Room create an alternate reality in 2043.
614	12 Monkeys	The Keys	Action	8.2	Cole, Railly and Aaron race to stop the virus from being deployed as a bioweapon in Chechnya.
614	12 Monkeys	Yesterday	Action	8.2	To rescue Cole from the past, Dr. Jones must convince a former ally that her mission is worth saving.
614	12 Monkeys	Tomorrow	Action	8.2	Cole finds himself in 2017 at the height of the plague. Out of options, Jones faces an impossible choice to replace the Core.
614	12 Monkeys	Divine Move	Action	8.2	Forces comes to a head when Ramse does what it takes to protect his newfound family, leaving Cole to deal with the aftermath.
614	12 Monkeys	Shonin	Action	8.2	Cole's last-ditch effort to stop the Army of the 12 Monkeys brings him to Tokyo in the year 1987.
614	12 Monkeys	Paradox	Action	8.2	Railly searches for the one person who can save Cole as the effects of time travel take a deadly toll on his body.
614	12 Monkeys	Arms of Mine	Action	8.2	In the Season 1 finale, Cole and Railly attempt a final confrontation with their closest enemies, while Jones faces a new threat to all that she has accomplished.
615	Sons of Liberty	Sons of Liberty	Drama	10.0	The three-night, six-hour event follows a defiant and radical group of young men - Sam Adams, John Adams, Paul Revere, John Hancock and Dr. Joseph Warren - as they band together in secrecy to change the course of history and make America a nation. The Sons of Liberty sparked a revolution, the cast depicting them includes: Ben Barnes as Sam Adams, a natural born leader with charisma and a penchant for mischief; Ryan Eggold as Dr. Joseph Warren, a doctor and man of conscience and integrity; Michael Raymond-James as Paul Revere, a veteran who wholeheartedly joins forces with Sam Adams; Rafe Spall as John Hancock, the wealthiest man in Boston at the time; and Henry Thomas as John Adams, a lawyer and the conservative, smart cousin of Sam Adams. Additionally, Marton Csokas plays the ferocious General Thomas Gage who is sent to handle the colonial unrest in Boston; Emily Berrington as Margaret Gage; Jason O'Mara as General George Washington and Dean Norris as the brilliant yet mischievous diplomat Benjamin Franklin.
617	Allegiance	Allegiance	Drama	7.4	Alex O'Connor, a young idealistic CIA analyst specializing in Russian affairs, learns a shocking secret and his close-knit, affluent family is about to be split apart when its revealed that his parents, Mark and Katya are covert Russian spies deactivated decades ago. But today the Kremlin has re-enlisted them into service as they plan a terrorist operation inside the U.S. border that will bring America to its knees. Years ago, Russian-born Katya was tasked by the KGB to recruit American businessman Mark O'Connor as a spy -- and the two fell in love. A deal was struck: As long as Katya remained an asset for Russia, and it was agreed that her services could be called on in the future, she would be allowed to marry Mark and move to America. After years in America building a happy life and without word from Moscow, they thought they had escaped. Now it seems that the new Mother Russia has one more mission - turning Alex into a spy. For these anguished parents, the choice is clear: Betray their country or risk their family.
617	Allegiance	Pilot	Drama	7.4	Rookie CIA analyst Alex O'Connor is assigned his first case - to examine the statements of a defecting Russian spy, who claims that rogue elements within her organization are planning a catastrophic attack that will bring America to its knees. Unbeknownst to Alex, his parents, Katya and Mark, are part of the dormant Russian sleeper cell he's investigating, and an unwelcome friend from the past arrives on their doorstep to give them a new mission: turn their son into a spy before his investigation unmasks them. With nowhere to turn, Katya and Mark must choose - flag, or family.
617	Allegiance	Teamwork	Drama	7.4	Mark and Katya are nearly exposed as spies by their own son, Alex. Then, in a brilliant bit of manipulation, Katya manages to convince Alex he is wrong. Katya's lies cause a rift between her and her husband and son. Victor is acutely warned of what will happen to him if he doesn't keep the O'Connors on a tight leash. Meanwhile, Alex partners with Agent Michelle Prado as part of a joint CIA-FBI task force to find the hidden SVR cache before it's destroyed. Alex's unique perspective is the key to unmasking the identity of a new defector, leading to a deadly confrontation with an SVR hit team.
617	Allegiance	Surreptitious Entry	Drama	7.4	In the aftermath of a violent shootout, Alex must convince the FBI to risk a dangerous covert operation to find Mikhail's hidden cache. With Agent Prado at his side, Alex leads a team to Philadelphia to retrieve the laptop from a secure government building, but Victor is a step ahead and orders the O'Connors to break in and steal the laptop first. Meanwhile, Katya discovers one of Natalie's most dangerous secrets, and forces her to choose between love and family.
617	Allegiance	Chasing Ghosts	Drama	7.4	Shocking discovery leaves Alex struggling to reconcile his theories with the evidence found at City Hall, and Sam encourages him to keep looking for clues. Meanwhile, Mark and Katya must answer for their actions when the Rezident doubts their commitment to the cause, and Natalie learns just how lethal Black Dagger will be if they don't stop it.
617	Allegiance	Tipping Point	Drama	7.4	Alex is confronted with the reality of his family's past just as his integrity is questioned at work. The FBI suspects a mole in the organization and brings in Special Agent Faber to investigate. Faced with testifying under oath and submitting to a polygraph test, Alex must for the first time fight against his own moral standards. Meanwhile, Victor finds a new way to keep tabs on the O'Connors, and Natalie makes a critical mistake while tracking down a lead.
617	Allegiance	Liars and Thieves	Drama	7.4	The O'Connors' kidnapping scheme continues to fall apart. Alex puts his life on the line during a botched task force operation.
617	Allegiance	Stranger in a Strange Land	Drama	7.4	The O'Connors send the task force on a wild goose chase to Italy, while Alex tracks down the Black Dagger triggerman.
617	Allegiance	The Arrival	Drama	7.4	Victor spies on the Rezident, Alex reveals a big secret to Michelle, and Sam grows increasingly suspicious of the boy genius.
617	Allegiance	Clean Hands	Drama	7.4	Michelle's shooting causes problems and turmoil for Alex, and his family try to help him. Meanwhile, Victor and Natalie want to push up their escape; and Oscar poses as a Boston native when he gets acquainted with his new New York City neighbor.
617	Allegiance	A Convenient Place to Die	Drama	7.4	An unexpected ally offers to help Alex, who's in trouble due to Michelle's disappearance. Elsewhere, Natalie and Victor try to adapt to living on the run.
617	Allegiance	Blowback	Drama	7.4	The whole O'Connor clan go on the run, trying to escape both the FBI and the SVR while also plotting to expose Faber as the FBI mole.
617	Allegiance	Those Who Help Themselves	Drama	7.4	Sam teams up with Alex to defeat Oscar Christoph. Meanwhile, Victor goes after the Rezident.
618	Better Call Saul	Better Call Saul	Drama	8.5	Better Call Saul is the prequel to the award-winning series Breaking Bad, set six years before Saul Goodman became Walter White's lawyer. When we meet him, the man who will become Saul Goodman is known as Jimmy McGill, a small-time lawyer searching for his destiny, and, more immediately, hustling to make ends meet. Working alongside, and often against, Jimmy is "fixer" Mike Ehrmantraut, a beloved character introduced in Breaking Bad. The series will track Jimmy's transformation into Saul Goodman, the man who puts "criminal" in "criminal lawyer.
618	Better Call Saul	Uno	Drama	8.5	Jimmy works his magic in the courtroom. Unexpected inspiration leads him to an unconventional pursuit of potential clients.
618	Better Call Saul	Mijo	Drama	8.5	As his troubles escalate to a boiling point, Jimmy finds himself in dire straits. An act of carelessness puts Chuck at risk.
618	Better Call Saul	Nacho	Drama	8.5	Jimmy pulls out all the stops to prove that a dangerous client is innocent, even though it causes some friction with Kim.
618	Better Call Saul	Hero	Drama	8.5	Jimmy conjures up a bold plan to solicit new clients, but has to face the consequences when the scheme strains his relationship with a rival firm.
618	Better Call Saul	Alpine Shepherd Boy	Drama	8.5	When his efforts to drum up new business are interrupted by alarming news, Jimmy is pressured to make a difficult choice.
618	Better Call Saul	Five-O	Drama	8.5	Mike's tragic past comes back to haunt him, and he's forced to seek help from an unusual source. Meanwhile, Jimmy's moral compass is put to the test.
618	Better Call Saul	Bingo	Drama	8.5	Jimmy meets with potential new clients. Then, when given the opportunity to do the right thing, he cashes in a favor from an unlikely ally.
618	Better Call Saul	Rico	Drama	8.5	Jimmy shows Chuck that he's willing to do almost anything to win a case, even if it means getting his hands dirty.
618	Better Call Saul	Pimento	Drama	8.5	Chuck urges Jimmy to accept a harsh truth. Meanwhile, a deal threatens to go off the rails when Mike's ability to complete a job is called into question.
618	Better Call Saul	Marco	Drama	8.5	In the aftermath of recent events, Jimmy seizes the opportunity to reconnect with an old friend. Meanwhile, Chuck adjusts to a new way of life.
619	Outlaw Country	Outlaw Country	Drama	none	Set in the town of Buckner, Missouri, "Outlaw Country" chronicles the perennial battle between law enforcement and crime by following Steve and Mike Cook, brothers who act as Sheriff and head of the Buckner Criminal Task Force, respectively, as they clash with John and Josh Monk, brothers they suspect are responsible for the town's surge in crime. In this one hour docudrama, producers were given full access to both the police force and the Monk Brothers' camp, providing an unprecedented look at crime in a small town from both sides of the law.
619	Outlaw Country	Good Town, Bad Blood	Drama	none	Two brothers on opposite sides of the law find a feud reawakened when a task force arrives to investigate local crimes in the small town of Buckner, Mo.
619	Outlaw Country	Growing Problem	Drama	none	The Cooks and the task force investigate a pot operation that may trace back to the Monks.
619	Outlaw Country	Overdrive	Drama	none	A stolen motorcycle case brings the task force closer to the Monks.
620	The Last Man On Earth	The Last Man On Earth	Comedy	6.9	The single-camera comedy chronicles the life and adventures of an average guy - and humanity's last hope - who discovers what life is like when no one is telling you what you can and cannot do.
620	The Last Man On Earth	Alive in Tucson	Comedy	6.9	Chronicles the life and adventures of an average guy - and humanity's last hope - who discovers what life is like when no one is telling you what you can and cannot do. The year is 2020, and after a deadly virus has swept the planet, only one man is left on earth: Phil Miller. He used to be just an average guy who loved his family and hated his job. Now, in his RV, Phil searches the country for other survivors. He has traveled to every city, every town and every outpost in the United States, Mexico and Canada, and has found no one. As he returns to his hometown of Tucson, Phil comes to the realization that he is almost certainly the last living being on the face of the earth.
620	The Last Man On Earth	The Elephant in the Room	Comedy	6.9	Chronicles the life and adventures of an average guy - and humanity's last hope - who discovers what life is like when no one is telling you what you can and cannot do. The year is 2020, and after a deadly virus has swept the planet, only one man is left on earth: Phil Miller. He used to be just an average guy who loved his family and hated his job. Now, in his RV, Phil searches the country for other survivors. He has traveled to every city, every town and every outpost in the United States, Mexico and Canada, and has found no one. As he returns to his hometown of Tucson, Phil comes to the realization that he is almost certainly the last living being on the face of the earth.
620	The Last Man On Earth	Raisin Balls and Wedding Bells	Comedy	6.9	Phil Miller continues to adjust to life as the last man on earth, while settling into his new mansion in Tucson. But his solitary existence could be upended.
620	The Last Man On Earth	Sweet Melissa	Comedy	6.9	Phil finds himself in a pickle and has to work fast in order to save human existence.
620	The Last Man On Earth	Dunk the Skunk	Comedy	6.9	Phil Miller continues to live in Tucson.
620	The Last Man On Earth	She Drives Me Crazy	Comedy	6.9	Phil Miller continues to live in Tucson.
620	The Last Man On Earth	The Do-Over	Comedy	6.9	Carol decides to improve Phil's painting.
620	The Last Man On Earth	Moved to Tampa	Comedy	6.9	Phil Miller continues to live.
620	The Last Man On Earth	The Tandyman Can	Comedy	6.9	The cul de sac decides to have a re-election for the President of the United States.
620	The Last Man On Earth	Screw the Moon	Comedy	6.9	Phil and Carol reconcile their differences.
620	The Last Man On Earth	Is There Anybody Out There?	Comedy	6.9	Phil and Carol leave Tucson behind and strike out on their own in a road trip across the United States.
620	The Last Man On Earth	The Boo	Comedy	6.9	Phil searches desperately for Carol after they're separated without phones or walkie-talkies.
620	The Last Man On Earth	Dead Man Walking	Comedy	6.9	Carol takes a page out of Phil's book when she tells a lie from which it is difficult for her to recover.
620	The Last Man On Earth	C to the T	Comedy	6.9	Phil/Tandy finds redemption when he saves the day.
621	Backstrom	Backstrom	Drama	7.9	The series follows Detective EVERETT BACKSTROM, an unhealthy, offensive, irascible - albeit brilliant - detective who sees the worst in everyone, and he's usually right.
621	Backstrom	Dragon Slayer	Drama	7.9	The S.C.U. investigates the death of a college student. Initially deemed a suicide, the team discovers the boy's death was in fact a drug-fueled homicide. With Backstrom's unorthodox investigative techniques, the team must utilize all of their individual skills and work together to catch the killer. Meanwhile, Backstrom's doctor Deb Chaman threatens to fail him on his physical if he doesn't start making healthy choices, and prescribes him to make one new friend.
621	Backstrom	Bella	Drama	7.9	Arson investigator Samantha Orland calls upon the Special Crimes Unit for help with a case that gets escalated to attempted murder when a serial arsonist's most recent fire involves a family. Although all evidence points to a local fire artist, Backstrom is positive their arsonist is someone they least suspect. The investigation takes a turn when the team discovers evidence missing from the crime scene and Backstrom suspects someone insides the investigation. Meanwhile, Backstrom gets tormented by childhood neighbors who stole something very special from him when he was younger and Valentine helps Niedermayer recover stolen evidence.
621	Backstrom	Takes One To Know One	Drama	7.9	When a youth pastor is found murdered at a church, Backstrom and his team at the Special Crimes Unit must solve the case while navigating the tenuous terrain of a possible cult. Meanwhile, Backstrom's ex-fiance, Amy Gazanian, is recruited by the Chief of Police to head up the newly formed Civilian Oversight Committee with the task of investigating questionable conduct within the Police Bureau, pitting Backstrom's squad against hers.
621	Backstrom	I Am A Bird Now	Drama	7.9	Backstrom and the team at the Special Crimes Unit investigate the murder of a prominent member of Portland's LGBT community - a drag queen Internet blogger named Jenna Rose. Backstrom declares the murder a hate crime, and the investigation takes an unsuspected turn when Backstrom's tenant, Gregory Valentine, becomes a suspect. Meanwhile, Backstrom has to testify in front of the Civilian Oversight Committee, regarding his shooting of a suspect from a previous case. Heading the newly formed committee is his ex-fiance, Amy Gazanian, all of which results in severe anxiety attacks for Backstrom.
621	Backstrom	Bogeyman	Drama	7.9	In the Special Crime Unit's most harrowing case yet, the team has three days to save a teenage girl who has been abducted by a slippery online predator. The team soon learns that this is a deeply personal case for Backstrom, who is jolted by the girl's resemblance to the victim of an unsolved case that he was assigned seven years ago. Meanwhile, Detective Sergeant John Almond's church faces eviction when he neglects to pay rent three consecutive months.
621	Backstrom	Ancient, Chinese, Secret	Drama	7.9	When a Chinese fortune teller is murdered in Portland's Chinatown, clues lead Backstrom and the Special Crimes Unit to a laundry service serving as a front for an illegal gambling ring. During the investigation, fortunes also are told to each member of the S.C.U. team. But the information given to some members reveal more secrets about their pasts than others, and one burgeoning relationship is brought out into the open.
621	Backstrom	Enemy Of My Enemies	Drama	7.9	An explosion on the Liberty Oil pipeline in Backstrom's childhood home of Cooch County leads his estranged father, Sheriff Blue Backstrom, to Portland. Father and son, along with the Special Crimes Unit, race to find the suspected eco-terrorist, before he/she strikes again. Meanwhile, Backstrom must confront old demons when dealing with his revered father, and romances are stirred when ex-fiancée Amy pays Backstrom a late-night visit.
621	Backstrom	Give 'til It Hurts	Drama	7.9	Backstrom and the S.C.U. investigate a hit-and-run that leaves a wealthy woman dead. When the evidence points to vehicular homicide, the S.C.U. looks into controversy involving her charitable endeavors and finds that perhaps not everyone was pleased with her philanthropy. Meanwhile, Backstrom's unhealthy habits stand in the way of him pleasing both his doctor and his ex-fiancée .
621	Backstrom	Inescapable Truth	Drama	7.9	Key witness in a drug investigation is found dead after escaping from his court-mandated rehab program, and Backstrom must figure out how he escaped and who killed him. However, when the S.C.U. learns that the victim is member of a band and all his bandmates dislike him, they start to believe that the killer may be someone closer than they expected. Meanwhile, Backstrom has reason to believe that Valentine may be more than just his tenant.
621	Backstrom	Love Is A Rose And You Better Not Pick It	Drama	7.9	When a young female sex surrogate is found dead in Portland's Rose Garden, the S.C.U. investigates what could be a crime of lust, rage, passion or possibly even love. Meanwhile, Backstrom receives very upsetting news about his mother.
621	Backstrom	I Like To Watch	Drama	7.9	Backstrom and the S.C.U. are plunged into the zany, provocative world of a performance art festival when one of the participating artists is found dead. Their investigation turns up a slew of potential killers, all of whom are creative types involved in the festival. In the process of solving the murder, Backstrom reveals a surprising appreciation for visual artwork, and a moment of passion between him and a fiery suspect turns into its own piece of performance art.
621	Backstrom	Corkscrewed	Drama	7.9	Backstrom comes home to find Dante Trippi, Valentine's abuser, murdered on his doorstep. Worried that Valentine could be next, the S.C.U.'s investigation leads Backstrom to a ring of counterfeit wine smugglers, a corrupt river patrol cop and a Club of Portland government official. Meanwhile, Valentine's inability to tell the truth makes it harder for the team to catch the killer and Amy has a new boyfriend, of whom Backstrom is not fond,.
621	Backstrom	Rock Bottom	Drama	7.9	When a Native American is found dead under a bridge on the Wabacooche Indian reservation, Amy's new boyfriend and Indian Reserve Police Captain, Jesse Rocha, wants in on the case. Backstrom then learns that Indian meth-king Norwest, of Cooch County, is a suspect in the case, and he is convinced his father, Cooch County Sheriff Blue Backstrom, knows about Norwest's drug dealings, leaving Backstrom to make a difficult decision. Meanwhile, in order to keep his job with the S.C.U., Backstrom must impress Dr. Deb .
624	Hindsight	Hindsight	Drama	6.0	What if you could go back in time and do it all over again? What would you do differently?We meet Becca on the eve of her second wedding. It all seems perfect this time around, but she is still plagued by doubt. What if she could fix everything, and make the 'right' choices this time? Becca finds herself thinking about her former best friend Lolly with whom she had a falling out many years ago. If only she could talk to her once again... Suddenly, after a freakish elevator ride, Becca gets the opportunity to do just that as she wakes up in New York City on the morning of her first wedding day in 1995. She's about to marry Sean, a bad-boy artist who is all wrong for her - and she knows her first move must be to reconnect with Lolly to re-live that day. Can she 'make it right' by living her life all over while readapting to life in New York City in the 90's - a time of smoking in bars, carrying pagers, having an AOL email address? Becca will soon discover there's no sure-fire way to make the right choices in life - even knowing everything she thinks she knows now.
624	Hindsight	Pilot	Drama	6.0	Once the girls have a chance to sit and talk, Becca reveals just how much has changed since 1995.
624	Hindsight	Square One	Drama	6.0	With the wedding called off, Sean finds Becca at the bar and does the unthinkable.
624	Hindsight	I Never...	Drama	6.0	Lolly asks Becca what was Andy's kiss like and Becca describes it the only way she can.
624	Hindsight	A Very Important Date	Drama	6.0	In the middle of the Halloween party, Becca spots the last person she would expect - and he's not alone.
624	Hindsight	Then I'll Know...	Drama	6.0	After their Halloween fight, Andy sits down with Sean to set things straight.
624	Hindsight	Tragic Kingdom	Drama	6.0	While waiting to find out Andy's fate, Becca becomes desperate for guidance.
624	Hindsight	The Cranberries	Drama	6.0	Becca's Thanksgiving comes with an extra serving of awkward when she realizes who is attending.
624	Hindsight	The Imaginary Line	Drama	6.0	Lolly wants to go with Becca to a rave party but things get awkward when Kevin shows up. What's going on here?
624	Hindsight	All I Want for Christmas is You	Drama	6.0	Becca learns that Lolly did not tell Kevin how she really feels. Can she stop destiny?
624	Hindsight	Auld Lang Syne	Drama	6.0	Jamie finds himself in big trouble when he discovers that his double-life could get exposed.
626	A.D. The Bible Continues	A.D. The Bible Continues	Drama	6.5	In the follow-up to the eye-opening success of "The Bible" miniseries on History, the 12-hour miniseries "A.D." - from producers Mark Burnett and Roma Downey - will look at the lives that were instantly altered following the death of Christ. His disciples, mother Mary and key political religious leaders at the time saw their world turned upside down and their lives forever altered. Beginning at that fateful moment of the Crucifixion and the Resurrection, part two of the greatest story ever told will focus on the disciples who had to go forward and disseminate the teachings of Christ to a world dominated by political unrest and the start of a whole new religion that would dramatically reshape the history of the world.
626	A.D. The Bible Continues	The Tomb Is Open	Drama	6.5	Peter and the disciples experience their darkest hour in the premiere of this miniseries that dramatizes the impact of Christ's death on his disciples and the era's political and religious leaders.
626	A.D. The Bible Continues	The Body is Gone	Drama	6.5	Jesus' tomb is empty, and Pilate and Caiaphas suspect the disciples stole the body. The disciples journey to Galilee, receiving their mission from Jesus.
626	A.D. The Bible Continues	The Spirit Arrives	Drama	6.5	Zealot revolutionaries try to assassinate Pilate during the festival of Pentecost. Empowered by the Holy Spirit, the disciples start to preach the Gospel. Caiaphas arrests Peter and John.
626	A.D. The Bible Continues	The Wrath	Drama	6.5	Pilate avenges the murder of a Roman soldier with mass crucifixions. Caiaphas fails to convict Peter and John. The church grows, attracting some with impure intentions who are punished by the Holy Spirit.
626	A.D. The Bible Continues	The First Martyr	Drama	6.5	Pilate closes in on the Zealot assassin and the disciples stand trial again. Stephen speaks out against the temple and pays the ultimate price.
626	A.D. The Bible Continues	The Persecution	Drama	6.5	Having failed to silence the disciples, Caiaphas is challenged for the position of High Priest. He authorizes Saul to begin a bitter campaign of persecution against Jesus' followers.
626	A.D. The Bible Continues	The Visit	Drama	6.5	Saul targets Peter. Meanwhile, many flee the city and spread the Word as they go, and Jerusalem spirals into chaos as an arriving emperor decides Pilate's fate.
626	A.D. The Bible Continues	The Road To Damascus	Drama	6.5	Saul hunts for Peter and has a life-altering vision on the road to Damascus. Also: Claudia's nightmares become a reality; Pilate's destiny turns for the worse.
626	A.D. The Bible Continues	Saul's Return	Drama	6.5	Emperor Caligula demands that his statue be placed in the Temple. Pilate and Caiaphas know such desecration will cause rebellion. Saul returns a changed man.
626	A.D. The Bible Continues	Brothers In Arms	Drama	6.5	Saul preaches in Jerusalem and Caiaphas is enraged. James the Just comes to help Peter tackle Caiaphas. The Zealots and Ethiopians plot against Rome.
626	A.D. The Bible Continues	Rise Up	Drama	6.5	James confronts Caiaphas and wins concessions for the disciples. The Zealot army grows but their Ethiopian backer turns to Jesus. When Peter resurrects Tabitha many more are drawn to His message.
627	Dig	Dig	Action	7.2	An action thriller, DIG tells the story of a murder mystery set against the backdrop of modern day Jerusalem, a city shrouded in ancient intrigue. FBI agent Peter Connelly has had his fair share of heartbreak. Anxious to leave his personal demons behind, Peter takes a job stationed in Israel under the guidance of his new boss, and occasional lover, Lynn Monahan. When he sets out to solve the murder of a young American, Peter soon finds himself embroiled in an international mystery that delves into the Holy Land's darkest secrets. What he discovers is a conspiracy thousands of years in-the -making that threatens to change the course of history. While Peter races to figure out what it all means, he quickly finds that he may not be the only one searching for answers.
627	Dig	Pilot	Action	7.2	An action thriller, DIG tells the story of a murder mystery set against the backdrop of modern day Jerusalem, a city shrouded in ancient intrigue. FBI agent Peter Connelly has had his fair share of heartbreak. Anxious to leave his personal demons behind, Peter takes a job stationed in Israel under the guidance of his new boss, and occasional lover, Lynn Monahan. When he sets out to solve the murder of a young American, Peter soon finds himself embroiled in an international mystery that delves into the Holy Land's darkest secrets. What he discovers is a conspiracy thousands of years in-the-making that threatens to change the course of history. While Peter races to figure out what it all means, he quickly finds that he may not be the only one searching for answers.
627	Dig	Catch You Later	Action	7.2	Peter continues his personal quest to find the murderer of a young American while also pursuing the escaped Yussef Khalid. Peter and Detective Golan Cohen forge an uneasy alliance as Peter grapples with staying one step ahead of his partner. Elsewhere, Avram's journey with the red heifer to Israel encounters a dangerous road block. Meanwhile, Tad Billingham and his disciples prepare Josh for a new life and an event that could alter the fate of the world.
627	Dig	Meet The Rosenbergs	Action	7.2	Peter's pursuit of Khalid dead ends; and he and Cohen follow clues found in Emma's journal. In other events, Debbie takes Josh for an unauthorized outing; and Avram continues his journey to Jerusalem.
627	Dig	Prayer of David	Action	7.2	Peter's discovery of an ancient coded secret leads to a race to find the final stone; Debbie faces the consequences for her attempted kidnapping of Josh; and Avram is shadowed by a deadly assassin.
627	Dig	Emma Wilson's Father	Action	7.2	Peter delves into Emma's past, which leads to the discovery of a long-hidden, ancient symbol; someone from Debbie's past attempts to rescue her; and Lynn's life is put in jeopardy.
627	Dig	The Well of Souls	Action	7.2	Forget what you think you know, because everything is about to change. As Golan arrests Emma's suspected killer, Peter makes a startling discovery. In Croatia, Avram and the red heifer are kidnapped by a stranger with a mysterious agenda. In New Mexico, Tad Billingham desperately tries to keep Debbie and Josh from exposing his secrets.
627	Dig	Trust No One	Action	7.2	After Peter has a startling breakthrough in the Emma Wilson case, he turns to Golan to search out new clues. A furious Ambassador Ridell pressures Lynn to get Peter out of the country. In the New Mexican dessert, Debbie must make a dangerous trade with Tad Billingham if she wants to spare bloodshed. Rabbi Lev and a new partner work deep in the underground tunnels to carry out their mission.
627	Dig	Sisters of Dinah	Action	7.2	With her job on the line because of Peter's disruptive behavior, Lynn suspects a possible mole in her midst at the consulate. Meanwhile Margrove and Peter both head to a convent with very different goals in mind. With nowhere else to turn and unable to trust anyone, Debbie returns to the compound seeking vengeance.
627	Dig	Jehoshaphat	Action	7.2	An ancient religious sect completes all of the pieces to enact their deadly plans. Peter's attempt at preventing the impending catastrophe thrusts him into partnership with unlikely allies. Lynn realizes the depth of the conspiracy during her investigation into Ambassador Ridell, who is expecting a package from the States. Meanwhile, Golan tries to crack more clues from the Donaldson case. An emboldened Avram realizes what needs to be done and makes a move to protect his valuable asset.
627	Dig	Armageddon Protocol	Action	7.2	With the fate of humanity at stake, Peter races to stop the Order of Moriah's plan to destroy the Temple Mount and bring about the End of Days. A trapped Lynn takes matters into her own hands, leading up to an explosive confrontation with the Ambassador. Tad Billingham is confronted by a deadly flaw in his plan. Peter discovers all of the answers in the Emma Wilson case.
631	My Strange Criminal Addiction	My Strange Criminal Addiction	Crime	none	MY STRANGE CRIMINAL ADDICTION reveals what happens when bizarre compulsions spin out of control and push people into a life of crime. From a lewd subway commuter to a diaper-wearing man, or a urine drinker to a toe sucker, first-hand accounts of these true crime tales plunges viewers into a world where strange addictions took an illegal turn. Dr. Mike Dow, addiction specialist and expert in the fields of relationships, food, and behavior, explains how these unhealthy habits turned to uncontrollable addictions and helps viewers understand the triggers for these compulsive behaviors. With the perpetrators telling their own stories of how they plunged so deep into darkness, some appear on screen or disguised to conceal their identity while others speak to us from their jail cells.
635	Ascension	Ascension	Drama	8.2	"Ascension" is an ambitious original drama following a covert U.S. space mission launched in the 1960's that sent hundreds of men, women and children on a century-long voyage aboard the starship Ascension to populate a new world. Half way into their journey, as they approach the point of no return, the mysterious murder of a young woman causes the ship's population to question the true nature of their mission. The series stars Brandon P. Bell as the confident and capable First Officer Aaron Gault, Brian Van Holt as the eponymous ship's Captain William Denninger, and Tricia Helfer as Viondra Denninger, the captain's beautiful, manipulative and dangerous wife (who also serves as the ship's Chief Steward). Joining Bell, Van Holt and Helfer are Tiffany Lonsdale as Chief Astronomer Emily Vanderhaus, Andrea Roth as the ship's head doctor Juliet Bryce, Jacqueline Byers as her daughter, Nora Bryce, and P.J. Boudousqué as Nora's love interest, James Toback.
635	Ascension	Night One	Drama	8.2	The passengers of a starship on a century-long voyage to populate a new world begin to question the true nature of their covert mission when 50 years into their journey, which began in 1963, a young woman turns up dead of suspicious circumstances.
635	Ascension	Night Two	Drama	8.2	Aaron investigates an explosion on Ascension, while Captain Denninger covers up its true cause. Elsewhere, Viondra suspects there is a traitor within her ranks of stewardesses after Councilman Rose becomes privy to inside information; something mysterious seems to be happening to young Christa Valis; and James Toback attempts to impress Nora by making a deal to get into Officers Training School.
635	Ascension	Night Three	Drama	8.2	The Ascension passengers are in for many surprises when the selection of families eligible for birthing rights is announced; the Denningers work together to secure their power and upset Councilman Rose; and Viondra seizes an opportunity to assert her dominance when a mysterious power surge knocks out systems on the ship.
637	Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce	Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce	Drama	8.0	The series follows Abby, a newly single self-help book author, who embarks on the next chapter of her life and finds herself seeking advice from her divorced friends Lyla, played by Janeane Garofalo and Phoebe, played by Beau Garrett.
637	Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce	Rule No. 23: Never Lie to the Kids	Drama	8.0	Abby McCarthy , famous author of the best-selling Girlfriends' Guide. . . mommy advice book series, has been living a lie. She's been hiding from her fans, friends, and family that she's separated from her husband. Now that her husband is actively dating, she begins to take the advice of her divorced friends which leads to some unexpected and life-changing experiences.
637	Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce	Rule No. 174: Never Trust Anyone Who Charges By the Hour	Drama	8.0	Abby has to try and recover from her public breakdown and save the Girlfriends' Guide. . . brand. Abby and Jake attempt to have a "good divorce" for the sake of the kids. Meanwhile, Lyla's ex-husband exacts revenge for his DUI and Phoebe asks Abby out to dinner.
637	Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce	Rule No. 47: Always Take Advantage of "Me" Time	Drama	8.0	Abby (Lisa Edelstein) spends her first night alone without the kids to focus on writing her next book when things take a sudden turn for the worse, sending the ladies on wild ride through Hollywood. Meanwhile, Jake (Paul Adelstein) wants his first night with the kids at his new place to be perfect.
637	Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce	Rule No. 426: Fantasyland: A Great Place to Visit	Drama	8.0	Abby starts to date Nate (C. Thomas Howell), a married dad with whom she had an emotional affair during her marriage. Phoebe starts to get close to one of the dads at school. Lyla tries to find a new way to release some tension. Max and Ford are honored at the Family Equality Gala and given an award by LGBT activist Adele Northrop (Laverne Cox).
637	Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce	Rule No. 21: Leave Childishness to Children	Drama	8.0	After the disasterous date with Nate, Abby (Lisa Edeltstein) goes on a date with her hot, younger pursuer, Will (Warren Christie). Meanwhile, Lyla's mother, Annie (Bernadette Peters), comes to Los Angeles to help her make the best impression possible with the visiting caseworker. Phoebe (Beau Garrett) tells her friends she's in a polyamarous relationship.
637	Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce	Rule No 33: When in Doubt, Run Away	Drama	8.0	A photo shoot for Phoebe's (Beau Garette) Infant Fabuleax jewelry line takes the ladies on a trip to Vegas. Abby (Lisa Edelstein) is cleansing and is determined to work on her next book. Lyla (Janeane Garofalo) awaits the recommendation of the caseworker in her custody battle.
637	Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce	Rule No. 67: Don't Kill the Princess	Drama	8.0	Abby throws a birthday party for her daughter Lilly (Conner Dwelly) only to have Jake's girlfriend, CW actress Becca Riley (Julianna Guill), show up uninvited. Abby wonders if she's pregnant. . .and entertains what she'd do if she were. Meanwhile, Delia is handling the divorce of Gordon Beech (Matthew Glave), husband of acclaimed fashion designer Courtney Beech (Virginia Williams).
637	Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce	Rule No. 17: Ask the Answer Lady	Drama	8.0	Abby prepares to pitch her new brand to her agency when Jo (Alanna Ubach), an old friend from college arrives with her blunt, brassy New York attitude. Things get complicated when Jake gets a job directing an episode of Becca's (Julianna Guill) TV show Blood Sisters. Meanwhile, Phoebe holds a press preview for her Infant Fabuleaux jewelry line at her ex-husband's new hotel.
637	Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce	Rule No. 32: F-You, Rob Frumpkis	Drama	8.0	Abby gets offered to write a Huffington Post article about her dating experiences as a divorced woman and must go on ten dates in two days. Jo's daughter arrives from New York. Meanwhile, Delia, fearful that her affair with Gordon Beech (Matthew Glave) will become public knowledge and get her disbarred, takes action against Courtney Beech (Virginia Williams).
637	Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce	Rule No. 3: Don't Stand in the Doorway	Drama	8.0	An earthquake hits Los Angeles just as Abby's Huffington Post piece "Why Aren't You Divorced Yet?" hits the internet. The moms at school are furious with Abby as the article threatens to expose one of their husbands as a cheater. Meanwhile, Abby's daughter Lilly (Conner Dwelly) is put on the "slut list." Phoebe helps Marco (Brandon Jay McLaren) with his urban farming business. Looking into Jo's finances, Delia discovers a shocking secret.
637	Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce	Rule No. 46: Keep the Holidays Low Key	Drama	8.0	Abby takes advantage of the kids being with Jake to throw an "Adult Friendsgiving" dinner with new boyfriend Will (Warren Christie). But as strange things begin to happen around the house, Abby and Jo question whether or not a spirit has decided to join them for Thanksgiving. Phoebe invites Marco (Brandon Jay McLaren) and Delia gets a surprise visit from her father.
637	Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce	Rule No. 92: Don't Do the Crime If You Can't Do the Time	Drama	8.0	Abby and Jake are finalizing their divorce, but getting along better than ever. Delia is up for partnership at the law firm but her relationship with Gordon Beech (Matthew Glave) threatens her chances.
637	Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce	Rule No. 101: Know When It's Time to Move On	Drama	8.0	As Abby gets ready to sign the divorce papers, Jo insists upon throwing Abby a divorce party and Will (Warren Christie) wants to celebrate by taking her to Mexico. However, Jake wants to commemorate the dissolution of his marriage from Abby in a most unexpected way. The truth about Phoebe and Kori's (Suki Kaiser) past is revealed.
639	In Love with Hitler	In Love with Hitler	War	none	This is Adolf Hitler as we've never seen him before — through the eyes of his mistress, Eva Braun. From 1937 to 1944, Braun shot a series of remarkable amateur movies that take us into the inner sanctum of the Third Reich — Hitler's chalet, the Berghof, the veritable decision center of the Nazi regime.
640	Hitler the Junkie	Hitler the Junkie	Drama	none	This hard-hitting and in-depth special examines the medications Hitler was taking, how much he took and how often, and whether drugs played a role in his behavior and actions.
647	Friends of the People	Friends of the People	Comedy	none	In the show, comedians Kevin Barnett, Jennifer Bartels, Jermaine Fowler, Lil Rel Howery, The Lucas Bros. and Josh Rabinowitz will take sketch comedy to the next level, with a combination of scripted scenes, man-on-the-street segments and more, including a previously-untold story from television history, and the adventures of "Tracy Morgan Freeman." truTV has ordered 10 episodes of Friends of the People, which is being produced by 3 Arts Entertainment and Marobru Productions.
647	Friends of the People	Meet the Friends	Comedy	none	The Friends of the People debut their unique brand of humor, including an introduction to celebrity mash-up character Tracy Morgan Freeman, a date night with a man who has an overactive brain worm and a heated Squabblin' & Quarrelin' debate with the Lucas Brothers. Plus the FOTP create fun moments with real people on the streets of NYC.
647	Friends of the People	The Horror	Comedy	none	Get ready to laugh with FOTP sketches that include a mother of the deceased who gets away with everything, an intense stakeout that's jeopardized by pizza and a rap about the evolution of thug life in Brooklyn. Plus, the cast relives the horrors of high school and takes to the streets for some real life moments of awkwardness.
647	Friends of the People	Hustle Gods	Comedy	none	The FOTP cast introduce sketches that include a trip to the past to uncover the untold Hollywood history behind Urkel's rise to fame, an unexpected twist on a dunk contest with a basketball pro and a peace talk negotiation based on global leaders agreeing on who is "all that" (with guest star Kel Mitchell). Plus, the cast hustles their way into free stuff and holds a street race that one cast member will never live down.
647	Friends of the People	Beached Brothas	Comedy	none	The Friends of the People introduce sketches that include a campus visit that's criminally insane, the hidden lives of fraternity brothers, tunes by the infamous Beached Brothas and the PSAs of parenting. Plus, the cast pranks Rel and offers free advice on the streets of Manhattan.
647	Friends of the People	Pick-Up Artists	Comedy	none	This week, the Friends of the People debut sketches that include an exploitative beauty pageant for the worst parent ever, Lucas Brothering the Movie "Transformers," and the return of Tracey Morgan Freeman, who wreaks havoc at a White House dinner. Plus, the cast crosses the street to avoid their worst fears and Jen gets an unusual lesson in bike riding in NYC.
647	Friends of the People	Welcome To Hammer Time	Comedy	none	The Friends of the People cast debut sketches that include an overly dramatic driving instructor who takes students on the ride of their lives, a retrospective of the Lucas Bros. segment "Squabblin' & Quarrelin'" and a trip to the alternate dimension known as "Hammer Time." Plus, the cast puts Josh's dancing abilities to the test.
647	Friends of the People	Black Kids of Bayside	Comedy	none	The Friends of the People introduce sketches that include the plight of house hunters in Gotham City, a preacher who suffers with an ungodly Wi-Fi connection and a virginity story that ends in tragedy and jail time. Plus, the cast goes toe-to-toe with Mr. Belding and Josh talks to New Yorkers about the amusements of subway riding.
647	Friends of the People	Return of the Old Killers	Comedy	none	In this week's episode, the Friends of the People debut sketches that include; a post-apocalyptic debate on acceptable rat consumption, an intervention for selfie addiction, a high school sex ed class full of misinformation and a time travelling incident that only Doc and Marty could resolve. Plus, Kevin' s final foot race.
647	Friends of the People	Black Mad Men	Comedy	none	FOTP is back with hilarious sketches that include a million dollar game show heist, a date turned barely legal and a superhero with the power of song, guest starring Brian McKnight. Plus, the cast explores the stories of Black Mad Men.
647	Friends of the People	Bubble Brawl	Comedy	none	Sketches this week include candle obsessions, presidential reports and bubble ball brawls.
647	Friends of the People	C'mon Dad!	Comedy	none	A bathroom line leader is paranoid; an interesting spin on a cinema classic; how New Yorkers deal with waiting for the subway.
647	Friends of the People	Tag Team	Comedy	none	FOTP brings sketches including a product pitchman with poor pronunciation, a crime scene cover-up that gets squirrely and the return of Mr. Huffton. Plus, the cast tags in Jake the Snake, Mick Foley, and X-Pac for some high impact back-up.
647	Friends of the People	Never Come Back Again	Comedy	none	The Friends of the People bring sketches that include an animator's struggle to conceal his x-rated art, a high school basketball player dying for super powers, and a pre-historic narcotics officer. Plus, David Alan Grier!
647	Friends of the People	Ghetto Blessings	Comedy	none	The FOTP gang explore the rise and fall of The California Raisins with guest star Jeff Ross, a party is ruined by Barack Obama, and the Lucas Brothers try their hand at Star Wars. Plus, the cast reveals why ghetto living is a blessing in disguise.
650	The Red Tent	The Red Tent	Drama	none	The Red Tent is a sweeping tale that takes place during the times of the Old Testament, told through the eyes of Dinah, the daughter of Leah and Jacob. Airing over two nights, the all-star cast includes Academy Award, Golden Globe and Emmy nominee Minnie Driver, Emmy nominee Morena Baccarin, Golden Globe nominee Rebecca Ferguson Iain Glen, Will Tudor and Academy Award, Golden Globe and Emmy nominee Debra Winger. The miniseries begins with Dinah's happy childhood spent inside the red tent where the women of her tribe gather and share the traditions and turmoil of ancient womanhood. The film recounts the story of Dinah's mothers Leah Rachel, Zilpah and Bilhah, the four wives of Jacob. Dinah matures and experiences an intense love that subsequently leads to a devastating loss, and the fate of her family is forever changed. Winger portrays Rebecca, Jacob's mother while Tudor stars as Joseph, Dinah's brother.
655	Ally Mcbeal	Ally Mcbeal	Drama	7.6	Meet Ally McBeal, a single lawyer both blessed and cursed with eccentric colleagues, a now-married-to-someone-else childhood sweetheart, and an incredibly overactive imagination that's working overtime!
656	Spin City	Spin City	Comedy	9.0	Spin City is a smart, sophisticated ABC sitcom about the behind-the-scenes workings of City Hall in the biggest city in America. Workaholic Mike Flaherty is the Deputy Mayor of New York City, serving as Mayor Randall Winston's key strategist and much-needed handler. Mike runs the city with the help of his oddball staff: an anxiousand insecure press secretary; a sexist, boorish chief of staff; an impeccably groomed gay activist running minority affairs; a sharp and efficient, man-crazy accountant; and an idealistic young speechwriter. Like Mike, they are all professionally capable but personally challenged.
657	Spooks	Spooks	Adventure	9.3	Tense drama series about the different challenges faced by the British Security Service as they work against the clock to safeguard the nation.
658	Crossbones	Crossbones	Drama	6.3	It's 1715 on the Bahamian island of Santa Campana, the first functioning democracy in the Americas, where the diabolical pirate Edward Teach, a.k.a. Blackbeard, reigns over a rogue nation of thieves, outlaws and miscreant sailors. Part shantytown, part marauder's paradise, this is a place like no other on earth - and a mounting threat to international commerce. To gain control of this fearsome society, Tom Lowe, a highly skilled undercover assassin, is sent to the buccaneers' haven to take down the brilliant and charismatic Blackbeard. But the closer Lowe gets, the more he finds that his quest is not so simple. Lowe can't help but admire the political ideals of Blackbeard, whose thirst for knowledge knows no bounds - and no law. But Lowe is not the only danger to Blackbeard's rule. He is a man with many villainous rivals and one great weakness - a passionately driven woman whom he cannot deny.
658	Crossbones	Blackbeard	Drama	6.3	Jagger tracks Blackbeard to Santa Campana, and the final battle to determine the fate of the pirate sanctuary begins.
659	Torchwood	Torchwood	Drama	8.2	Science-fiction drama created by Russell T Davies. Torchwood is a team of people whose job is to investigate the unusual, the strange and the extraterrestrial.
660	Joey	Joey	Comedy	6.5	Multiple Emmy, Golden Globe and SAG Award nominee Matt LeBlanc reprises his 'Friends' role as charming and still-single Joey, who has struck out on his own and moved to Hollywood, hoping to truly make it as an actor. Joey says goodbye to a time when his friends were his family and welcomes the chance to turn his family into his friends. After reuniting with his high-strung sister Gina a strong and sexy hairdresser, Joey moves in with her genius 20-year-old son, graduate student Michael who literally is a rocket scientist. What Joey lacks in book smarts, however, he more than makes up for with his people skills, making him the best new friend his nephew could ask for.
662	Leverage	Leverage	Action	8.5	Leverage is a slick and crafty drama following a team of expert thieves that take down corrupt corporations in elaborate high-tech schemes. Insurance investigator Nate Ford (Academy Award-winner Timothy Hutton) exposed scams and recovered stolen items worth millions. But his life hit the skids when his insurance company allowed his ailing 8-year-old son to die. Years later, Nate gets even as the leader of a specialized team of thieves, computer experts and con artists that right corporate and governmental injustices against honest citizens. To expose corruption, Nate will do wrong for all the right reasons –– he will provide Leverage.
663	The Shield	The Shield	Drama	9.0	Detective Vic Mackey is the leader of an elite Strike Team unit, a group of cops effective at eliminating crime but also operating under Vic's own set of rules. But his rules sometimes cross the fine line between legal and illegal. Now the precinct has a new captain who doesn't like Vic's tactics and wants to bust him off the force - even as the captain finds himself going to Vic for help whenever the going gets rough.
665	M*A*S*H	M*A*S*H	Comedy	9.0	Loosely based on the real-life "M*A*S*H" unit 8055, life at the 4077 revolved around the day-to-day routines of Captain "Hawkeye" Pierce, Captain "Trapper" McIntyre, Lieutenant Colonel Henry Blake, Major Margaret Houlihan, Major Franklin Burns and Corporal "Radar" O'Reilly. Through these characters, viewers traveled beyond the long hours and the horrors of the operating room to a place where friendships were forged, laughter was found and drinks were served.
666	Drop Dead Diva	Drop Dead Diva	Drama	6.0	Life can really throw you curves -- especially in this breakthrough comedic drama. "Drop Dead Diva" tells the story of Deb, a shallow model who dies in a sudden accident. By a twist of fate and a bolt of divine intervention, her soul resurfaces in the body of Jane, a smart, plus-sized and recently deceased attorney. As she confronts the challenges of her adventurous new life, love and career, she must learn to reconcile her beauty queen ways with her brilliant new mind -- finding surprises at every turn.
667	Burn Notice	Burn Notice	Drama	8.7	Burn Notice stars Jeffrey Donovan as Michael Westen, a blacklisted spy who finds himself stranded in sun-soaked Miami. The action-packed season four commences with a new counterintelligence expert, Jesse Garcia, played by Coby Bell who loves to fight bad guys just as much as Michael does. Heating up the night with our hot undercover agent are Fiona the beautiful ex-IRA operative and ex-girlfriend of Michael; Sam our favorite washed-up military intelligence muscle; and Michael's mother, who is one tough cookie herself.
668	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	Action	none	Leo, Donnie, Raph and Mikey are mutant turtles who have been trained in the art of ninjutsu by their rat sensei, Master Splinter. Emerging from their sewer lair, the reptile brothers confront the wondrous world of New York City, facing villains more dangerous and pizza more delicious than anything they could have imagined.Through battles with Shredder, the Kraang and loads of super-powerful mutants, the Turtles learn to rely on themselves and each other as they grow to become the heroes they are destined to be.
668	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	Turtles In Time	Action	none	The Turtles get whisked through time by apprentice Time Master Renet, and they must all work together to defeat the evil Time Master Savanti Romero.
668	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	The Fourfold Trap	Action	none	The Turtles are baited by an unknown enemy into deadly traps.
668	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	Dinosaur Seen In Sewers!	Action	none	When Raph makes a new friend in Zog, an alien Triceraton, he may have bitten off more than he can chew.
669	In The Flesh	In The Flesh	Drama	7.5	Set after a zombie uprising, treated zombies are rehabilitated back into society.
670	Luther	Luther	Drama	8.9	Crime drama series starring Idris Elba as Luther, a near-genius murder detective whose brilliant mind can't always save him from the dangerous violence of his passions
670	Luther	Episode 1	Drama	8.9	Detective John Luther is back from leave, and his first case is investigating the murder of the parents of a former child genius.
670	Luther	Episode 2	Drama	8.9	Luther is called to the shooting of two uniformed police officers. The murders are cold blooded but appear motiveless.
670	Luther	Episode 3	Drama	8.9	A young mother has been abducted and Luther realizes it's the work of Lucien Burgess.
670	Luther	Episode 4	Drama	8.9	Luther and Zoe's relationship heats up. Meanwhile, serial killer Henry Madsen wakes up from his coma.
670	Luther	Episode 5	Drama	8.9	When an art dealer's wife is taken hostage, Luther leads a tense investigation as the hostage takers want payment in diamonds.
670	Luther	Episode 6	Drama	8.9	Framed for murder, Luther turns to Alice for help. But while the two plot, DCI Reed is quietly shoring up evidence against Luther.
670	Luther	Episode 1	Drama	8.9	After the death of his ex-wife, Luther returns to work to face a case of a masked murderer determined to enter into folklore.
670	Luther	Episode 2	Drama	8.9	Luther must rescue Ripley, abducted by Cameron, in time to prevent Cameron's final destructive act.
670	Luther	Episode 3	Drama	8.9	As Luther's affection for Jenny grows so does his determination to protect her and help her back on her feet.
670	Luther	Episode 4	Drama	8.9	Luther has a murderer in custody, a copycat killer at loose and a suspicious Baba to appease.
670	Luther	Episode 1	Drama	8.9	Luther returns to investigate a twisted fetishist who is murdering women in a horrific echo of an unsolved case from the 1980s.
670	Luther	Episode 2	Drama	8.9	Luther's date with Mary and the promise of romance is interrupted by the news of another murder.
670	Luther	Episode 3	Drama	8.9	Two young men in hoodies are shot at close range in what looks like a gangland crime.
670	Luther	Episode 4	Drama	8.9	The vigilante makes his vendetta personal, targeting Luther and those closest to him and raining destruction on everything he touches.
671	Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes	Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes	Action	6.5	When the planet is threatened by Super Villains, time-traveling conquerors, alien invaders, mythical monsters or mad robots bent on the total destruction of humanity; when the forces of evil are so overwhelming that no single hero has the power to save the world; when there is no hope left, the AVENGERS ASSEMBLE!
672	Phineas and Ferb	Phineas and Ferb	Comedy	none	Phineas and Ferb make the most of their summer by creating fun everyday, while their pet platypus moonlights as a secret agent!
673	Roswell	Roswell	Drama	7.5	Opening with a Dido theme song and featuring character-driven, sweet-natured melodrama, Roswell was a show with a surprisingly dedicated fandom, who twice won it reprieve from cancellation. One of its main strengths was, of course, the extent to which its premise--alien teenagers trying to sort out their identities while emotionally involved with their human contemporaries--was a free-floating metaphor for race and sexuality issues. Another was the strong ensemble that its cast developed: you believed in the strangeness of the alien trio and the well-intentioned normality of their three human friends. Jason Behr gave the alien Max a quiet authority and Majendra Delfino took the sidekick role of Maria and gave it both intensity and fine comic timing. It was also a show in which you were never sure which adults you could trust--William Sadleir trod a fine line of ambiguity as the local sheriff and Julie Benz was silkily sinister as an FBI agent.
674	Southland	Southland	Drama	9.0	From Emmy Award winners John Wells, Ann Biderman and Chris Chulack comes a raw and authentic look at the police unit in Los Angeles. From the beaches of Malibu to the streets of East LA, Southland is a fast-moving drama that will take you inside the lives of cops, criminals, victims and their families. Michael Cudlitz plays John Cooper a seasoned Los Angeles cop, assigned to train young rookie Ben Sherman. Cooper's honest, no-nonsense approach to the job leaves Sherman questioning whether or not he has what it takes to become a police officer.
675	Ancient Aliens	Ancient Aliens	Science-Fiction	6.7	"Ancient Aliens" explores the controversial theory that extraterrestrials have visited Earth for millions of years. From the age of the dinosaurs to ancient Egypt, from early cave drawings to continued mass sightings in the US, each episode in this hit History series gives historic depth to the questions, speculations, provocative controversies, first-hand accounts and grounded theories surrounding this age old debate. Did intelligent beings from outer space visit Earth thousands of years ago?
675	Ancient Aliens	Aliens and Robots	Science-Fiction	6.7	Incredible strength… Superior intelligence… And even the ability to reproduce. In the 21st century, robots are being programmed to do everything from performing surgery on humans–to exploring other planets. And humanoid robots are rapidly reaching a level of sophistication that was thought to exist only in science fiction. But what are the implications of creating robots that are increasingly intelligent and independent? Is the obsession with creating counterfeit humans really pointing the way to mankind's future… or to its past? Greek stories dating to 2000 B.C. tell of the god Hephaestus creating robots to build weapons, as well as the bronze giant Talos. In Egypt, the Pyramid Texts say that the god Osiris was dismembered, then reassembled and brought back to life just like a machine. If sophisticated robots really did exist in the ancient world–what function did they serve? Who built them? And what happened to them?
675	Ancient Aliens	Creatures Of The Deep	Science-Fiction	6.7	In August of 2014, Russian cosmonauts aboard the International Space Station discovered something incredibly unexpected covering parts of the windows--living sea plankton. If sea life can thrive in space, might the reverse be true as well? Might there be alien life forms that inhabit our seas? Throughout history, there have been tales of strange creatures hiding in Earth's waters. While many discount stories of sea monsters as purely mythological, it is estimated that Earth's oceans are home to between 700,000 to one million species--and shockingly, two-thirds of those species still remain unknown. Considering the recent discovery that some sea life can survive in outer space, is it possible that tales of giant creatures like the Kraken and The Loch Ness Monster are evidence of extraterrestrial entities taking refuge beneath the seas?
675	Ancient Aliens	Circles From The Sky	Science-Fiction	6.7	Over 10,000 crop circles have been reported worldwide, appearing in 50 different countries, and nearly every continent on Earth. These strange designs pressed into crop fields range from simple circles to elaborate pictograms thousand of feet long. The phenomenon has been associated with scientific anomalies, strange lights, and even UFO activity. But critics say that they are all part of an elaborate hoax. But are they? Crop circles have been making modern headlines since the 1960's, but their history can be traced back hundreds--if not thousands of years. The designs themselves often contain encrypted messages and complex mathematical, geometric, and astronomical equations that perplex our top mathematicians and scientists. Ancient Astronaut Theorist, Giorgio Tsoukalos travels to England to meet with researchers and scientists to investigate the phenomenon both on the ground and in the lab to find out what we haven't been told.
675	Ancient Aliens	The Alien Wars	Science-Fiction	6.7	On March 19th, 2002, Gary McKinnon was arrested for hacking into 97 computers over a 13-month period; McKinnon claims that he found evidence of a secret American space fleet.
676	Sex and the City	Sex and the City	Drama	8.5	A candid, comic view of sex and relationships, Sex and the City stars Sarah Jessica Parker as Carrie Bradshaw, a New York-based writer who explores and experiences the unique world of Manhattan's dating scene, chronicling the mating habits of single New Yorkers. Executive produced by Michael Patrick King, the series also stars cast regulars Kim Cattral as PR executive Samantha Jones, who's seen – and done – it all; Kristin David as Charlotte York, still trying to hold on to the idea of happily ever after; and Cynthia Nixson as a corporate lawyer and mother Miranda Hobbes, a pragmatist trying to balance the idea of love with the realities of life.
677	Rome	Rome	Drama	8.4	Four hundred years after the founding of the Republic, Rome is the wealthiest city in the world. The Republic was founded on principals of shared power, never allowing one man to seize absolute control. But now, those foundations are crumbling...and two soldiers unwittingly become entwined in the historical events of ancient Rome. A drama of love and betrayal, masters and slaves, husbands and wives, Rome chronicles a turbulent era that saw the death of a republic and the birth of an empire.
678	My Name Is Earl	My Name Is Earl	Comedy	8.6	Karma is a funny thing. Just ask Earl who's learning the hard way that when you do something bad, it has a way of coming back and biting you in the ass! Hoping to turn his life around, Earl's got a lengthy list of detestable deeds to make up for.
680	Airwolf	Airwolf	Action	7.8	Keep your eyes to the skies for non-stop action as the complete Season One of Airwolf soars on to DVD for the first time ever! Jan-Michael Vincent stars as Stringfellow Hawke, a reclusive renegade pilot who's assigned to top-secret missions for the CIA by the mysterious "Archangel". Hawke's weapon of choice is the high-tech battle helicopter of the future, Airwolf. Loaded with cutting-edge surveillance equipment and unbelievable firepower, Airwolf takes Hawke and his friend Dominic around the globe in search of dangerous international spies and criminals.
686	Robot Chicken	Robot Chicken	Comedy	9.0	From creators Seth Green and Matthew Senreich, 'Robot Chicken' is stop-motion animation with a demented twist.
688	Manhattan	Manhattan	Drama	7.8	Set in Los Alamos, N.M., at the Manhattan Project during the race to build the world's first atomic bomb, "Manhattan" explores the cost of secrets and the corrosive effect they have on individuals, families and their relationships.
688	Manhattan	You Always Hurt The One You Love	Drama	7.8	In Los Alamos, New Mexico, during World War II, secrets dominate every facet of family and professional life as scientists Frank Winter and Charlie Isaacs compete to create the world's first atomic bomb.
688	Manhattan	The Prisoner's Dilemma	Drama	7.8	Frank's attempt to save his team brings serious consequences; the scientists' wives find creative ways to survive life on The Hill.
688	Manhattan	The Hive	Drama	7.8	The community reels after losing one of its members, while new security measures affect the scientists' work.
688	Manhattan	Last Reasoning of Kings	Drama	7.8	A high-profile guest shakes things up on The Hill; Frank is haunted by his past; Frank clashes with Charlie to protect his mentor.
688	Manhattan	A New Approach to Nuclear Cosmology	Drama	7.8	When Babbit becomes the subject of an investigation, Frank clashes with Charlie to protect his mentor.
688	Manhattan	Acceptable Limits	Drama	7.8	Frank seeks answers about a medical issue; Charlie and Helen take a trip in order to survey an off-site reactor.
688	Manhattan	The New World	Drama	7.8	Helen and Charlie deal with a crisis at the reactor; Abby begins a journey of self-discovery; Frank and Liza help Paloma's family.
688	Manhattan	The Second Coming	Drama	7.8	Both Charlie and Frank withstand significant questions regarding the future of each of their projects.
688	Manhattan	Spooky Action at a Distance	Drama	7.8	Charlie and Frank must work together for the good of the project; Frank turns to an unconventional resource for help.
688	Manhattan	The Understudy	Drama	7.8	An unexpected visitor arrives on The Hill; Winter explores an unusual solution to the problem with the ignition.
688	Manhattan	Tangier	Drama	7.8	A development overseas invigorates the hunt for a spy on The Hill; Charlie and Abby make a sacrifice.
688	Manhattan	The Gun Model	Drama	7.8	Akley opens himself up to vulnerability when he tries to fix the shortcomings that Thin Man possesses.
688	Manhattan	Perestroika	Drama	7.8	Frank is given an opportunity that could change his life; Charlie finds himself in the U.S. Army's hot seat.
689	Young Justice	Young Justice	Comedy	8.3	Animated series about a squad of teenage superheroes from the DC Comics universe.
690	Roseanne	Roseanne	Comedy	9.0	A groundbreaking American television sitcom, following the fortunes of the down-to-earth, blue collar Conner family in the small town of Lanford, Illinois.
692	Everybody Hates Chris	Everybody Hates Chris	Comedy	10.0	Inspired by his childhood experiences, comedian Chris Rock narrates the hilarious, touching story of a teenager growing up as the eldest of children in Brooklyn, New York during the early 1980s.
693	Jeeves and Wooster	Jeeves and Wooster	Comedy	8.7	Perfectly capturing the wit of P.G Wodehouse's novels, this impeccable series traces the insane shenanigans of Bertram Wooster and his faithful butler Jeeves. Fry and Laurie are simply perfect in the roles of the steadfast butler Jeeves and his dapper master Wooster. Set against a 1930s backdrop of Hooray Henries and splendidly indomitable aunts, Jeeves battles against Wooster's relentless list of prospective brides to hilarious consequences.
694	Monty Python's Flying Circus	Monty Python's Flying Circus	Comedy	9.5	And now for something completely different: Monty Python's Flying Circus was simply the most influential comedy program television has ever seen. Five Englishmen, all working under the constraints of conventional TV shows such as The Frost Report (for which the five Englishmen wrote), gathered together with an expatriate American in the spring of 1969 to break the rules. The result, first airing on BBC-1 on October 5, 1969, has influenced countless future men and women in the media and comedy since.
695	Durarara!!	Durarara!!	Drama	9.0	Mikado Ryugamine is a young man who yearns for the city like no other. At the invitation of his childhood friend, Masaomi Kida, he moves to Ikebukuro, Tokyo and enters school there.
696	The X Factor	The X Factor	Music	1.0	Thousands audition. Only one can win. The search is on for the next singing Superstar. The X Factor is a talent show in which the participants have to audition before a jury.
697	The Critic	The Critic	Comedy	7.3	From the producers of "The Simpsons"! Jon Lovitz is the animated Jay Sherman, a TV movie critic who is forced to review the most pathetic films which he always rates as "It stinks." In addition to the film parodies, the show also deals with his personal life: working for a tyrannical media mogul boss, his lovelife and his family.
698	Peg + Cat	Peg + Cat	Anime	none	PEG + CAT inspires preschool children to see math as exciting, accessible, and fun.
699	Play for Today	Play for Today	Drama	none	Play for Today," an anthology series of plays carrying on in the tradition of its predecessor "The Wednesday Play," presented controversial works by such writers as Dennis Potter, David Mercer, Alan Bennett, and Jim Allen, with such directors as Ken Loach, Alan Clarke, Philip Saville, and Mike Newell. Several plays in the series led to various spin-offs, including "Play for Tomorrow" and "Rumpole of the Bailey." The photo is from the 1977 play "Scum" (written by Roy Minton and directed by Alan Clarke), which the BBC banned for almost 15 years.
700	Marco Polo	Marco Polo	Action	8.2	In a world replete with greed, betrayal, sexual intrigue and rivalry, "Marco Polo" is based on the famed explorer's adventures in Kublai Khan's court in 13th century China.
700	Marco Polo	The Wayfarer	Action	8.2	After three years crossing seas, deserts and the Silk Road, a young Marco Polo finds himself a prisoner of the great Kublai Khan.
700	Marco Polo	The Wolf and the Deer	Action	8.2	As Kublai Khan battles his warmonger brother for rule over Mongolia, Marco learns that justice in Khan's Imperial City is as swift as it is deadly.
700	Marco Polo	Feast	Action	8.2	Marco begins a dangerous relationship with the beautiful Blue Princess as tensions grow between Kublai and Xiangyang's cunning chancellor Jia Sidao.
700	Marco Polo	The Fourth Step	Action	8.2	As war looms with the walled city of Xiangyang, Prince Jingim tests his diplomacy skills while Kublai questions Marco's allegiance.
700	Marco Polo	Hashshashin	Action	8.2	Marco searches for the mastermind behind a murderous plot, while Prince Jingim weighs the risks of retaliation.
700	Marco Polo	White Moon	Action	8.2	On the eve of an auspicious ceremony, Marco searches for the culprit behind the assassination attempt on Kublai Khan - even as a new one takes shape.
700	Marco Polo	The Scholar's Pen	Action	8.2	Marco and Hundred Eyes take on a dangerous mission to infiltrate the walled city of Xiangyang, while its chancellor struggles to hold on to power.
700	Marco Polo	Rendering	Action	8.2	When Kublai sets his sights - and his army - on the taking of the walled city of Xiangyang, Marco's allegiance is tested.
700	Marco Polo	Prisoners	Action	8.2	Marco finds his fate in the hands of Kublai yet again, while behind the walls of Xiangyang, Chancellor Sidao sets his sights on regaining power.
700	Marco Polo	The Heavenly and Primal	Action	8.2	Marco's ingenuity - and loyalty - is put to the ultimate test when Kublai takes a violent and bold step in his quest to become emperor of the world.
704	Shaun the Sheep	Shaun the Sheep	Comedy	10.0	Shaun the Sheep, Bitzer and the flock are always getting into mischief on the farm in this animated comedy. You'd be Baahmy not to join the fun!
706	Teen Titans Go!	Teen Titans Go!	Action	none	This character-driven comedy series focuses on the funny that happens in between saving the world and living together as teenagers without adult supervision. The comedic mayhem of the animated series is punctuated by pranks and the occasional need to fight crime, but it will also deal with the everyday issues of adolescence. With epic staring contests to decide who does the laundry, a series of quests and battles to construct the perfect sandwich or fighting crime in Jump City, one thing is for sure, these Titans will always be ready for an adventure inside the house and out.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Mouth Hole	Action	none	Robin goes on a quest to gain a new power: whistling.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Hot Garbage	Action	none	When the Titans try to get Beast Boy to clean his room, they discover that there's more to garbage that just trash.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Robin Backwards	Action	none	The Titans decide they should keep an eye on Nibor, the Bizzaro World's Robin, when he arrives in Jump City.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Crazy Day	Action	none	It's Crazy Day again and Raven must do her best to avoid being driven crazy by the other Titans.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Smile Bones	Action	none	When Cyborg and Beast Boy teach the other Titans to wolf down their food, the gang develops a big fat problem.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Real Boy Adventures	Action	none	When he transforms into "Fleshy Guy," Cyborg discovers the joy and pain of being human.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Hose Water	Action	none	When Cyborg and Starfire find a baby bird, it awakens their inner child.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Let's Get Serious	Action	none	After Young Justice easily takes out the HIVE while the other Titans make silly jokes, Robin decides the team needs to get serious.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Tamaranian Vacation	Action	none	Hoping to find out what makes Starfire so sweet and loving, the Titans visit her home world of Tamaran.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Rocks And Water	Action	none	Raven and Beast Boy are shocked to discover that their exes, Terra and Aqualad, are now dating each other.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Multiple Trick Pony	Action	none	Kid Flash wants to join the Titans, but Robin insists that he can't because Flash is just a "one-trick pony.".
706	Teen Titans Go!	Truth, Justice And What?	Action	none	We finally learn the true source of the Titans' goofy humor: pizza.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Video Game References	Action	none	Robin sets up a virtual reality room for training purposes, immersing each Titan in their own video game adventure.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Cool School	Action	none	When Raven chooses to hang out with Rose Wilson, a cool escaped criminal, the other Titans feel left out. To feel "less lame," they decide to go to Cool School.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Kicking A Ball And Pretending To Be Hurt	Action	none	Robin teaches the Titans how to play soccer. They quickly become obsessed, and accidentally uncover the secret reason why the sport is so popular.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Head Fruit	Action	none	When Beast Boy's head starts to rattle, Robin suggests that he should find a hobby so that his brain will stop shrinking. Beast Boy and his brain agree to take up gardening.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Yearbook Madness	Action	none	Beast Boy and Cyborg decide to make a yearbook for the Titans.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Operation Tin Man	Action	none	Gizmo convinces the Titans that he has kidnapped Cyborg, who, in reality, is just hanging out with Jinx.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Nean	Action	none	Raven is cursed to be nice; Starfire prepares to marry a pot of chili.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Campfire Stories	Action	none	Raven is cursed to be nice; Starfire prepares to marry a pot of chili.
706	Teen Titans Go!	The Hive Five	Action	none	The Hive agrees to take a day off and avoid engaging with their foes - if possible.
706	Teen Titans Go!	The Return Of Slade	Action	none	Beast Boy and Cyborg insist on hiring a clown for a Titans party, even though Robin tells them that clowns are for little kids. When the clown fails to live up to their memories, Cyborg and Beast Boy decide to give the clown some cool updates.
706	Teen Titans Go!	More Of The Same	Action	none	Can the Titans master the four New Year's traditions in order to break the cycle of bad years?.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Some Of Their Parts	Action	none	Robin uses a prism to split each Titan into the five facets of their personalities so he can choose only the best parts for his ideal crime fighting team.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Leg Day	Action	none	After being defeated due to poor leg strength, Raven and the Titans work out their lower bodies and become the League of Legs.
706	Teen Titans Go!	The Dignity of Teeth	Action	none	When Beast Boy gets a stack of cash from the Tooth Fairy, against Raven's advice the other Titans start knocking out their own teeth to get some of that sweet Tooth Fairy money.
706	Teen Titans Go!	Croissant	Action	none	A giant cocoon mysteriously appears in the Titans' living room, and no one can find Beast Boy.
707	Sofia the First	Sofia the First	Family	none	Sofia is a about a little girl, a commoner, until her mom marries the king and suddenly she's royalty.
707	Sofia the First	In a Tizzy	Family	none	Sofia's friend Ruby teams up with an over-eager fairy godmother and learns that a little assistance is nice but sometimes you have to do things on your own.
707	Sofia the First	A Tale of Two Teams	Family	none	A game of dazzleball pits the villagers against the royals and puts Sofia in a difficult spot. She must decide whether to play with her old friends or her new family.
708	Lilyhammer	Lilyhammer	Drama	9.0	Lilyhammer follows New York mobster Frank "The Fixer" Tagliano as he enters the federal witness protection program after ratting on his boss. A sports fan, Frank wants to make his new life in Lillehammer, the Norwegian town that hosted the 1994 Winter Olympics - or as he calls it "Lilyhammer." Frank has visions of a paradise of "clean air, fresh white snow and gorgeous broads" far away from the temptations of the Big Apple and from mob hit men. Reality, of course, turns out to be spectacularly different.
710	Mickey Mouse Clubhouse	Mickey Mouse Clubhouse	Comedy	none	CG animation featuring Mickey Mouse and his pals in stories designed to teach basic math skills, such as problem-solving, adding and matching.
711	Who's the Boss?	Who's the Boss?	Comedy	none	When a career-ending injury forces a baseball star into early retirement, he takes a job as a live-in housekeeper for a pushy advertising executive and her nosy mother-but who's the boss?
713	SpongeBob SquarePants	SpongeBob SquarePants	Comedy	none	A chipper sea sponge and his nautical neighbors make waves in the deep-sea city of Bikini Bottom in this clever and playful kiddie cartoon aimed at preschoolers. SpongeBob's acquaintances include goofy starfish Patrick, cheerful squirrel Sandy Cheeks (who lives in an air bubble) and grouchy Squidward.
713	SpongeBob SquarePants	Company Picnic	Comedy	none	Mr. Krabs throws a company picnic to boost morale, but Plankton hosts his own picnic on the same day.
714	Star Trek: Enterprise	Star Trek: Enterprise	Action	7.6	Star Trek: Enterprise (ENT) focuses on the 22nd century adventures of Captain Jonathan Archer aboard the Enterprise NX-01 during the early days of interstellar travel. The NX designation indicates that this Enterprise is an experimental prototype; Archer's ship is Earth's first vessel designed for long-range exploration of the galaxy. Prior to the development of warp engines that could reach a velocity of warp 5, missions of this nature were impossible. At warp 2, only a handful of inhabited planets were within a year's travel from Earth. But at warp 5, that number increases to ten thousand planets! It is Archer's job to visit as many of those worlds as he can. At 190 meters long, the NX-01 is a bit smaller than Kirk's Enterprise, and carries a crew complement of just eighty-three men and women, all human, with the exception of the Vulcan science officer and the Denobulan doctor. Unlike the starships of the four other Star Trek series, this Enterprise doesn't have deflector shields or phasers, but it does come equipped with a phase cannon and a rudimentary transporter that functions efficiently most of the time.
716	Spartacus	Spartacus	Action	9.1	Betrayed by his country. Beaten into slavery. Reborn as a warrior. Spartacus: Blood and Sand is a graphic and visceral account of Romes most famous gladiator. When he is separated from the love of his life, Spartacus is forced into the gruesome and bloodthirsty arena, where a grisly death is primetime entertainment. Spartacus must fight for survival, befriend his enemies and play politics in this new world of corruption, violence, sex and fame. He will be seduced by power and tormented by vengeance. But his passion will give him the strength to prevail over every obstacle, in this modern and uninhibited tale of death, honour and endurance.
717	Quantum Leap	Quantum Leap	Action	8.8	Get ready to join Dr. Sam Beckett on the adventure of many lifetimes! Who will he be this time? Mafia hit man. Air Force test pilot. Professional boxer. Sam does it all in Season One of the groundbreaking, 5-time Emmy award-winning series.Scott Bakula plays Sam Beckett, a time traveler who never knows whose body he is going to "leap" into next and at what moment in history he may find himself. Sam is joined by a helpful but easily distracted holographic guide, Al (Dean Stockwell) who assists him on his missions and aids Sam in his ultimate goal of returning to his own life in the present.
720	Rules of Engagement	Rules of Engagement	Comedy	none	A comedy that follows two couples and a single guy as they navigate the jungles of dating, engagement and marriage.
722	The Golden Girls	The Golden Girls	Comedy	9.0	An Emmy Award winner for Outstanding Comedy Series in its very first year, THE GOLDEN GIRLS has become a landmark in television history and an all-time fan favorite. Beatrice Arthur, Rue McClanahan, Betty White, and Estelle Getty star as four South Florida seniors sharing a house, their dreams, and a whole lot of cheesecake. Bright, promiscuous, clueless, and hilarious, these lovely mismatched ladies form the perfect circle of friends.
722	The Golden Girls	The Return of Dorothy's Ex	Comedy	9.0	As the girl bicker about where to go on vacation, Stanarrives, looking to sell a piece of property he bought with Dorothy on their honeymoon.As the pair reminisce the time when they bought the land, Stan lets it slipthat his wife left him and is looking to reconcile with Dorothy.
722	The Golden Girls	The Custody Battle	Comedy	9.0	Dorothy's wealthy sister comes to town and showers Sophiawith lots of expensive gifts. As a result, Sophia decides she wants to move toCalifornia to live with Gloria, leaving Dorothy and the girls stunned andscrambling to find a way to make her stay.
722	The Golden Girls	The Operation	Comedy	9.0	While practicing for a dance recital, Dorothy discovers shehas a tumor growing on her foot that requires surgery to fix. Scared at theprospect of spending the night at the hospital for the procedure, Sophia resortsto blackmail to get her to have it done. It isn't until after a late night talkwith her roommate at the hospital that makes Dorothy realize that there arebigger things to be scared than a hospital stay.
722	The Golden Girls	Second Motherhood	Comedy	9.0	Blanche wonders if she has the energy to be a mother againwhen a wealthy widower with young children asks her to marry him. Back at thehouse, Sophia doubts Rose and Dorothy's plumbing skills when they tackle abathroom remodel.
722	The Golden Girls	Joust Between Friends	Comedy	9.0	When Dorothy looks for extra work to do during the summer,Blanche decides to help her out and gets her a job with her at the museum.However, it doesn't take Blanche long to get jealous when it seems Dorothy is moreproficient at her job than she is.
722	The Golden Girls	'Twas the Nightmare Before Christmas	Comedy	9.0	When attempting to get to their respective families forChristmas, the girls plans hit a snag when a depressed man in a Santa suittakes them hostage at the Grief Center Rose works at.
722	The Golden Girls	The Sisters	Comedy	9.0	Dorothy's surprise birthday party for Sophia hits a snagwhen her birthday present to her mother – a special visit by Sophia's sisterAngela – reveals past tensions between the sisters.
722	The Golden Girls	The Stan Who Came to Dinner	Comedy	9.0	As Dorothy gets ready to go on a double date with Blancheand a pair of twins, her ex-husband Stan arrives with the less than happy newsthat he has to have major surgery – and is looking for friends to take care ofhim during his recovery period.
722	The Golden Girls	The Actor	Comedy	9.0	A well-known actor comes to Miami to star in a local playwith the girls. On the opening night of the play however, they soon discoverthat each of them – and several other women associated with the play – are involvedin clandestine affairs with the man.
722	The Golden Girls	Before and After	Comedy	9.0	After having a throat spasm, Rose tells her friends that shehad an out of body experience. As a result, she decides to move into a house onthe beach and live life to the fullest. However, it doesn't take her long tomiss what she had while living with Blanche and Dorothy.
722	The Golden Girls	And Then There Was One	Comedy	9.0	A charity walk-a thon is taking place in Miami and Sophiadecides to participate in the senior citizens category. Rose takes it upon herselfto sign Blanche, Dorothy, and herself up as babysitters of the children of theother competitors. When all but one of the children gets picked up by their parents,they fear the baby was abandoned and contemplate becoming foster parents toher.
722	The Golden Girls	Bedtime Story	Comedy	9.0	After hearing that Dorothy's favorite uncle is coming to visitthe following week, she and the other roommates discuss how to accommodate theuncle and other family members that are visiting Miami at the same time. Whiletrying to figure a way out of their predicament, they reminisce over a midnightsnack of Sophia's Italian cooking of all their past sleeping arrangements.
722	The Golden Girls	Forgive Me, Father	Comedy	9.0	Blanche and Rose talk Dorothy into inviting a teacher she'sworking on an after school program with over for dinner after learning of herattraction to him. However, things don't go as planned when Frank arrives fordinner, dressed in his cleric's clothing. When he shares with Dorothy hisdesire to leave the church, she misunderstands, thinking he wants to be withher, not to be transferred to a Catholic school in order to teach instead ofpreach.
722	The Golden Girls	Long Days Journey into Marinara	Comedy	9.0	Sophia's sister suddenly arrives on the girls' doorstep withthe announcement that she decided to come to Miami for an extended visit. However,Dorothy talks her into moving to town and invites her to stay with them untilshe finds a place of her own. However, Sophia is less than thrilled, especiallyafter she finds out that Angela will soon be moving in with her boyfriend Tony.
722	The Golden Girls	Valentine's Day	Comedy	9.0	After being dumped on Valentine's Day by their dates, Blanche, Dorothy, and Rose reminisce about past Valentine's Day experiences that didn't turn out as planned. Meanwhile, Sophia has a special date with Latin singer Julio Iglesias.
722	The Golden Girls	Two Rode Together	Comedy	9.0	Following the death of one of Sophia's remaining friends, Dorothy looks for a way to spend some quality bonding time with her mother. At Sophia's request, they go to Disneyworld, only their fun weekend didn't turn out as Sophia's request since it rained the entire time they were at the park. Meanwhile back at home, Rose and Blanche try their hand at writing their own children's book.
722	The Golden Girls	You Gotta Have Hope	Comedy	9.0	Blanche, Dorothy, and Rose get in hot water when Rose announces that Bob Hope is her biological father and will gladly volunteer as the Master of Ceremony at an upcoming benefit they're chairing.
722	The Golden Girls	Rose Fights Back	Comedy	9.0	After finding out that she'll be losing her income from Charlie's pension, Rose begins searching for a job. Feeling discouraged that she's being turned down because of her age, Rose turns to the local consumer reporter Enrique Mas for help. Little does she know, he's looking for a new production assistant and ecstatically applies for and ultimately is awarded the job.
722	The Golden Girls	Comedy of Errors	Comedy	9.0	After learning that a classmate passed away, Dorothy decides to set out and fulfil her dream of becoming a stand-up comic – only to discover life on the stage isn't all it's cracked up to be.
722	The Golden Girls	All That Jazz	Comedy	9.0	After getting kicked out of the house by his wife, Dorothy and her roommates get an unexpected houseguest in the form of her son Michael. Fearing that he's headed nowhere in life, Dorothy asks for her ex-husband Stan's help in getting Michael to grow up and act like an adult. Meanwhile, Rose has a hard time telling her boss that she's feeling overworked.
722	The Golden Girls	Like the Beep Beep Beep of the Tom-Tom	Comedy	9.0	Blanche stuns her roommates, and eligible male population of Miami when she swears off sex after her doctor recommends she get a pacemaker.
722	The Golden Girls	An Illegitimate Concern	Comedy	9.0	Sophia talks Dorothy into participating in a mother-daughter pageant at Shady Pines. As they bicker over what they plan on doing for the talent competition, Blanche is in for a surprise when a young man arrives on her doorstep, announcing that her late husband is his father.
722	The Golden Girls	72 Hours	Comedy	9.0	Not long after getting a blood transfusion at a nearby hospital, Rose is in for a scare when the hospital sends her a letter to inform her that it may have contained HIV infected blood.
722	The Golden Girls	Twice in a Lifetime	Comedy	9.0	Rose's old boyfriend from high school arrives in town and asks her to join him when his band goes on tour in Europe. As a result, her relationship with Miles is cast into doubt.
722	The Golden Girls	Sisters and Other Strangers	Comedy	9.0	Blanche's sister Charmaine is visiting Miami, promoting thenew romance novel she wrote. Upon reading it, Blanche is furious, thinking hersister stole the story of her life, and threatens to kick her out of the family.Meanwhile, Stan's cousin came to visit, and causes a disagreement about thepros and cons of communism with Dorothy.
723	Atlantis	Atlantis	Action	none	With voiceover from Tom Conti, the film tells the story of Yishharu, an apprentice bull-leaper who has recently returned to Thera from Crete with his new wife, Pinaruti. They discover that Thera is beset by earthquakes and volcanic activity. Over the course of the story, the volcano erupts, throwing out ash and molten lava, and destroying the island. Although the couple survive the first stages of the disaster they are separated after Yishharu is left behind when Pinaruti and other islanders escape by boat. The nearby island of Crete is then engulfed by a giant tsunami which was triggered by the eruption, and Pinaruti is washed up on the shore of a nearby island. ...Atlantis: End of a World, Birth of a Legend.
725	Where on Earth is Carmen Sandiego?	Where on Earth is Carmen Sandiego?	Anime	none	The world s greatest thief is on the loose, and it s up to you to find her! The world famous thief, Carmen Sandiego, plays an intricate game of cat and mouse with teen ACME detectives, Zack and Ivy. Based on the award-winning line of educational computer games, this energizing series is rich in both excitement and education as Carmen Sandiego attempts to steal the most valuable objects in the world. It s up to our detectives and the audience to figure out where in the world she is. Filled with unique characters, wonderful story lines and humor, this Emmy® award-winning animated series, educates kids of all ages in the subjects of history, geography and fun through its action-packed adventures!
726	WWII in HD	WWII in HD	Drama	none	WWII in HD is the first-ever World War II documentary presented in full, immersive HD color. Culled from thousands of hours of lost and rare color archival footage gathered from a worldwide search through basements and archives, WWII in HD will change the way the world sees this defining conflict. Using footage never before seen by most Americans–converted to HD for unprecedented clarity—viewers will experience the war as if they were actually there, surrounded by the real sights and sounds of the battlefields. Along the way they'll meet a diverse group of soldiers whose wartime diaries and journals show in visceral detail what the war was really like.This visually astonishing landmark series presents the story of World War II through the eyes of 12 Americans who experienced the war firsthand. Viewers will hear the story of Army nurse June Wandrey, who served from the beginning of the war in North Africa to the liberation of the camps in Germany. They will meet Shelby Westbrook, a young African American from Toledo, who became a member of the famed Tuskegee Airmen; Jimmie Kanaya, the son of Japanese immigrants, who served in the U.S. Army and was imprisoned in Europe; and Jack Werner, a Jewish émigré who escaped from Austria before the war and wound up fighting not against Hitler and the hated Nazis, but in the Pacific Theater.
729	Casualty	Casualty	Drama	none	Drama series about the staff and patients at Holby City Hospital's emergency department, charting the ups and downs in their personal and professional lives.
729	Casualty	Front Line	Drama	none	Rita fights for a soldier, Robyn sees that even good deeds have consequences and Lofty confronts his fears. It's inspection day, what could possibly go wrong?
729	Casualty	Sweetie	Drama	none	A high-profile criminal tests everyone's professionalism. Connie helps a desperate mother realise that sometimes acceptance has to come in place of justice.
729	Casualty	Sweet Little Lies	Drama	none	Lofty and Dylan bond (sort of) over a patient with a big secret. Connie helps a teenage girl accept that she needs help.
729	Casualty	Something to Live For	Drama	none	Dixie convinces a father to not give up on himself. Connie finds a friend in a patient.
729	Casualty	Excess Baggage	Drama	none	Lily convinces a wife to be honest with her husband, and Rita helps a man change his attitude.
729	Casualty	Toxic	Drama	none	Lily is involved in an accident that could jeopardise her career, and a couple risk losing their baby.
729	Casualty	The Road Not Taken	Drama	none	After a difficult shift, Zoe reflects on her decisions and wonders, if she had a second chance, what she would do differently.
729	Casualty	Something Borrowed, Something Blue	Drama	none	Connie continues to fight for her friend who has MND. A man tries to protect himself from his past, while a young woman brings trouble with her dangerous lie.
729	Casualty	Under Pressure	Drama	none	Connie helps a confused young mum realise what she really wants, and Ethan gives advice to a vengeful bullied schoolboy.
729	Casualty	The King's Crossing	Drama	none	Connie's heroic day comes to an unexpected end, while Cal gets a blast from the not-so-distant past.
729	Casualty	The Rita Supremacy	Drama	none	Connie needs to prove her innocence in the Alfred case, Robyn helps two star-crossed lovers and Lofty teaches a patient to have more self-worth.
729	Casualty	The Department Of Secrets	Drama	none	Connie's trial begins. Rita helps a young girl get bittersweet justice. Big Mac encourages a mother and daughter to seek support.
729	Casualty	Exile	Drama	none	Charlie and Connie embark on a mission to save Louis which takes them to the darkest corners of Bucharest and pushes them to their limits.
729	Casualty	Against the Odds	Drama	none	Lily helps a mother and daughter escape a difficult situation. Charlie struggles with what happened in Romania.
729	Casualty	Fix You	Drama	none	Cal and Ethan help a son come to terms with the seriousness of his mother's illness, while Zoe and Dylan unite a family.
729	Casualty	The Way Home	Drama	none	Dylan and Zoe get to the bottom of how a team-building exercise went so wrong, and Louis sticks up for a lost teenage girl, bringing him to Charlie in unfavourable circumstances.
729	Casualty	The Golden Hours	Drama	none	Dixie helps a grieving mother to let go, and Cal and a leukaemia patient work together to raise money for charity.
729	Casualty	A Moment Of Clarity	Drama	none	Dylan has another bad day, Charlie tirelessly tries to help Louis through his withdrawal, and Cal convinces a mum to come clean to her daughter.
729	Casualty	Heart Over Head	Drama	none	A mother sacrifices her life for her daughter. Through a patient, Dylan learns the power of belief.
729	Casualty	Holby Sin City	Drama	none	Ethan falls for a woman, but she brings nothing but trouble.
729	Casualty	If You Could Bottle It	Drama	none	An unlikely hero leads the team to a crucial diagnosis, and Rita helps a desperate man realise he needs help.
729	Casualty	The Next Step	Drama	none	It's Jacob's first day, and he is already proving his powers of persuasion when a lie nearly costs a girl her life.
729	Casualty	Dark Horses	Drama	none	Charlie helps a cowardly dad do the right thing for his daughter, and thanks to Max, a son decides to respect his dad's decision.
729	Casualty	The Long Haul	Drama	none	Dylan is shaken up by an unwanted patient, and Jacob shows his romantic side.
729	Casualty	Knock Knock Who's There?	Drama	none	acob unveils the truth about a patient, but is it too late? Tess has to make a difficult decision.
729	Casualty	Forsaking All Others - Part One	Drama	none	The team help a daughter and father at a difficult time, and Ethan convinces a man to come clean to his girlfriend.
729	Casualty	Forsaking All Others - Part Two	Drama	none	t's Max and Zoe's wedding day, and someone's got cold feet.
729	Casualty	A Child's Heart - Part One	Drama	none	It's a blast from the past as more than one of the hospital staff fight for their lives. Jacob institutes emergency protocol after gang violence takes a deadly turn.
729	Casualty	A Child's Heart - Part Two	Drama	none	Tensions rise as events spiral out of control and gang crime threatens to spill in to the hospital corridors.
729	Casualty	Objectum Sexual	Drama	none	It's a big day for Louise as an unusual romance flourishes at Holby ED.
729	Casualty	Cradle to the Grave	Drama	none	There's a new doctor in the ED as life and death hang in the balance.
729	Casualty	Belief	Drama	none	Terror comes to Holby. Extremists from both sides of the divide enter the emergency department, but it's the innocent that get caught in the crossfire.
732	Fresh Off the Boat	Fresh Off the Boat	Comedy	6.2	A Taiwanese family deal with culture shock after moving from Washington, D.C., to Orlando during the '90s.
732	Fresh Off the Boat	Pilot	Comedy	6.2	It's 1995 and 11-year-old hip-hop loving Eddie Huang has just moved with his family from Chinatown in Washington D.C. to suburban Orlando. They quickly discover things are very different there. Orlando doesn't even have a Chinatown -- unless you count the Huang house.
732	Fresh Off the Boat	Home Sweet Home-school	Comedy	6.2	Louis and Jessica clash over how to raise the kids and how to run the restaurant. When the boys get straight A's in school, Jessica decides that their school must be too easy and takes it upon herself to give them more homework and tutor them after class. She takes the same strict approach at the restaurant, so it's up to Louis to get her to lighten up on everyone.
732	Fresh Off the Boat	The Shunning	Comedy	6.2	When the cul-de-sac plans a block party to celebrate NASCAR, Louis urges the family to use the event to make new friends. But Jessica has problems fitting in, especially after she befriends a beautiful trophy wife the roller blade moms don't like. Meanwhile, Eddie schemes to win the respect of the neighborhood kids.
732	Fresh Off the Boat	Success Perm	Comedy	6.2	Family rivalry spirals out of control when Jessica's sister, Connie, and her far more affluent husband come to visit. The Huangs try to convince everyone they're doing great financially, when nothing could be further from the truth. Meanwhile, Eddie is excited to be reunited with his cousin Justin, who introduced him to hip hop, until he learns the kid has moved on to grunge.
732	Fresh Off the Boat	Persistent Romeo	Comedy	6.2	Louis has to hire a professional instructor to give the restaurant staff a sexual harassment seminar after Jessica's attempts fall flat. Meanwhile, Eddie tries to pass off the seminar's instructional tape as a "dirty movie" to his friends in an attempt to impress them and get them to come to his house for a sleep over.
732	Fresh Off the Boat	Fajita Man	Comedy	6.2	Eddie is so desperate for a new video game named after his idol, Shaq, he goes to work at the restaurant. He expects special treatment since he's the boss's son, but is in for a surprise when Louis is determined to make him work hard for the money. Meanwhile, Jessica decides to look for a job of her own.
732	Fresh Off the Boat	Showdown at the Golden Saddle	Comedy	6.2	Things are looking up for the Huangs when Louis gets the restaurant a billboard in a prime spot in Orlando. They even get an invite to the country club. But when someone repeatedly vandalizes the billboard, they're left wondering why. Eddie works hard to get the attention of the girl he's crushing on, but it doesn't help matters when his mom hires her to babysit him.
732	Fresh Off the Boat	Phillip Goldstein	Comedy	6.2	Eddie tries to befriend the only other Chinese kid in school, but he's in for a letdown after he finds out that they have nothing in common; Louis feels betrayed when Mitch accepts a job at the rival Golden Saddle.
732	Fresh Off the Boat	License To Sell	Comedy	6.2	Jessica puts off taking the exam for her real estate license because she fears she isn't good enough to compete with Orlando's top realtor. Eddie looks to Louis for advice on how to win over older girl Nicole, but puts his own spin on his dad's suggestions.
732	Fresh Off the Boat	Blind Spot	Comedy	6.2	Jessica's college boyfriend, Oscar Chow (guest star Rex Lee), comes to visit. She's a bit miffed that Louis isn't a little more jealous..but she's got a blind spot and is completely oblivious to the fact that Oscar is gay. Meanwhile, Eddie goes to great lengths to get out of the school science fair.
732	Fresh Off the Boat	Very Superstitious	Comedy	6.2	Jessica's superstitions get the best of her when she sells a house with the address 44 West 44th Street - the number 4 being bad luck in Chinese culture. At the urging of the new school counselor, Eddie decides to run for school president, but Jessica's bad luck gets the best of him too when a white lie spirals out of control.
732	Fresh Off the Boat	Dribbling Tiger, Bounce Pass Dragon	Comedy	6.2	Louis and Jessica get pressured into volunteering at the kids' schools because of budget cuts. Eddie sees a whole other side of his dad when Louis - a former semi-pro basketball player back in Taiwan -- coaches the basketball team, while Emery and Evan see a side of Jessica they wish they hadn't when she grudgingly takes on producing their school play, and puts her own spin on it.
732	Fresh Off the Boat	So Chineez	Comedy	6.2	Jessica fears her family has assimilated so much to life in Orlando that they've lost their Chinese identity. So she drives everyone nuts making them reconnect with their culture, from Louis, who she insists decline an invite to join the country club, to Eddie, who she makes do a report on China for his World Day project.
732	Fresh Off the Boat	Family Business Trip	Comedy	6.2	Louis must bring his family on a business trip to Gator World; Jessica learns to relax.
732	Fresh Off the Boat	Boy II Man	Comedy	6.2	Eddie is crushed when Nicole, who convinced him to quit piccolo and tutor her, ditches him for another boy.
733	The Whispers	The Whispers	Drama	6.8	An unseen alien force has figured this human weakness out. They have invaded earth and are using our most unlikely resource to achieve world domination – our children
733	The Whispers	X Marks The Spot	Drama	6.8	We love to play games with our children. But what happens when someone else starts to play with them, too? Someone we don't know. Can't see. Can't hear.
733	The Whispers	Hide & Seek	Drama	6.8	While John Doe continues on his mysterious mission, Claire attempts to hold back his sketch from the other bureau offices while she investigates his identity on her own, Lena is aware and not too pleased that Wes has been speaking with Claire about a case, and Drill continues playing his dangerous game with Minx, Henry and Harper.
733	The Whispers	Collision	Drama	6.8	John Doe holds Dr. Maria Benavidez hostage as an unknown entity continues to blindly lead him to an undisclosed location, and Claire and Wes further their investigation into John Doe's past whereabouts and begin to uncover what his next target is.
733	The Whispers	Meltdown	Drama	6.8	While Minx tries to persuade a disillusioned Henry to play one more game for Drill, the race is on for Claire and Wes to thwart John Doe from causing a major incident that could potentially kill millions of people.
733	The Whispers	What Lies Beneath	Drama	6.8	Claire speaks with Sean, who has no memories of her or their life together, and tries to get him to remember something.. anything about his past; Wes has an epiphany and heads back to Mali to take another look at the fulgurite, and Lena keeps a watchful eye on Minx to make sure that her conversations with Drill have ceased.
733	The Whispers	The Archer	Drama	6.8	An astonishing breakthrough is made about Drill while Claire gathers together and talks to a group of children who have been contacted by it, and Wes makes a chilling discovery about Drill's possible mission.
733	The Whispers	Whatever It Takes	Drama	6.8	While Wes is meeting with the President about his discovery, Drill targets a member of the President's family; Sean faces possible consequences for his collaboration with Drill; Lena gets help from Minx as she tries to contact Drill.
733	The Whispers	A Hollow Man	Drama	6.8	Claire and Sean find a man who had a dangerous encounter with Drill more than 30 years earlier.
733	The Whispers	Broken Child	Drama	6.8	Claire, Sean, Wes and Lena attempt to unravel the past of a man who first encountered Drill over 30 years ago, which could lead to a way to kill it -- before Drill finds a way to murder the man first.
733	The Whispers	Darkest Fears	Drama	6.8	A plan is put into place to trap Drill and attempt to drain away its energy, thus killing it in the process. But if unsuccessful, Drill could seek retribution in a most deadly way.
733	The Whispers	Homesick	Drama	6.8	Thinking they might actually be able to defeat this unseen foe, Wes convinces the President to let him round up all of the children in a protected zone in the hopes that Drill will weaken.
733	The Whispers	Traveller in the Dark	Drama	6.8	One of the children is taken over by Drill, but not everyone is sure which one it is, leading to confusion and fear.
733	The Whispers	Game Over	Drama	6.8	Drill's mysterious end game is put into motion and the team must do their utmost to stop it before it reaches its final - and possibly deadly - conclusion.
734	Battle Creek	Battle Creek	Drama	7.5	A series about two mismatched law enforcement officers whose polar opposite views of the world and crime-solving breed frustration, disdain and humor as they clean up the hardscrabble streets of Battle Creek, Mich.
734	Battle Creek	The Battle Creek Way	Drama	7.5	Jaded Det. Russ Agnew reluctantly partners with charming FBI Agent Milt Chamberlain to solve a drug-related double homicide, but while Milt investigates with the high-tech resources of the FBI, Russ prefers old-school police work and instinct.
734	Battle Creek	Syruptitious	Drama	7.5	Special Agent Milt Chamberlain and Det. Russ Agnew go undercover as distillers to infiltrate the world of Battle Creek's maple syrup cartels when a murder victim is found to have drowned in the gooey breakfast condiment. Meanwhile, Det. Font White goes to war with his medical marijuana dealer.
734	Battle Creek	Man's Best Friend	Drama	7.5	When BCPD's police dog, Cookie, sniffs out a stash of heroin in a young girl's backpack, Russ and Milt have competing theories as to where it came from and why she had it. Also, Jacocks travels to Detroit for a training seminar, with the ulterior motive of finding out why Milt was sent to Battle Creek.
734	Battle Creek	Heirlooms	Drama	7.5	Russ and Milt pit the crime-solving skills of their police dogs against each other as they work to solve the murder of a local waitress. Meanwhile, Russ tries a new tactic to get Milt to admit what brought him to Battle Creek.
734	Battle Creek	Old Flames	Drama	7.5	After Commander Guziewicz narrowly escapes when her home is burned down, the arson investigation leads Russ and Milt to a variety of suspects, including a string of ex-lovers and her own estranged son. Also, Russ is determined to find out who sent Holly a gift.
734	Battle Creek	Cereal Killer	Drama	7.5	When someone attempts to assassinate Battle Creek's mayor during the annual "Breakfast Day" celebration, Russ and Milt must protect the unorthodox politician while trying to track down the attacker.
734	Battle Creek	Mama's Boy	Drama	7.5	Russ is forced to turn to the last person he wants help from to assist on a murder investigation: his mother, a convicted counterfeiter and con artist.
734	Battle Creek	Old Wounds	Drama	7.5	Milt is caught in the middle of Commander Guziewicz's personal life when her adopted son asks him to investigate if the man jailed for his birth parents' murders is actually innocent.
734	Battle Creek	Gingerbread Man	Drama	7.5	Russ helps Font investigate when he is certain one of the FBI's most wanted fugitives is hiding in Battle Creek, even though Milt insists that the man died months earlier.
734	Battle Creek	Stockholm	Drama	7.5	Milt and the Battle Creek P.D. work overtime to locate and rescue Russ after he's taken hostage by an escaped convict.
734	Battle Creek	The Hand Off	Drama	7.5	Milt puts his career on the line when he illegally uses NSA feeds to help a woman determine who shot her husband. Also, a local doctor is drawn to Russ' show of compassion, and Holly is frustrated that her new relationship isn't progressing.
734	Battle Creek	Homecoming	Drama	7.5	Milt learns more about Russ' youth when the local high school football coach is murdered. Also, Russ and Holly's friendship reaches a crossroads.
734	Battle Creek	Sympathy for the Devil	Drama	7.5	Milt survives a car bombing and enlists Russ to track down his would-be assassin, leading to startling revelations as to why Milt is the way he is and what brought him to Battle Creek.
735	CSI: Cyber	CSI: Cyber	Drama	7.2	"CSI: CYBER" is a drama inspired by the advanced technological work of real-life Cyber Psychologist Mary Aiken. Special Agent Avery Ryan heads the Cyber Crime Division of the FBI, a unit at the forefront of solving illegal activities that start in the mind, live online and play out in the real world. While other FBI agents search for criminals in dark homes and alleys, Ryan and her team search the "dark net," a place deep in the bowels of the Web where criminals are anonymous, money is untraceable and where everything is for sale with just a keystroke.
735	CSI: Cyber	Kidnapping 2.0	Drama	7.2	Special agent Avery Ryan and her team of FBI cyber analysts investigate a case of hacked baby monitors.
735	CSI: Cyber	Cmnd:\crash	Drama	7.2	Agent Avery Ryan and her cyber team investigate a roller coaster crash caused by someone who found a way to hack into the ride's internal computer.
735	CSI: Cyber	Killer En Route	Drama	7.2	The cyber team investigates when a car service company's dispatch software is hacked in order to target certain passengers.
735	CSI: Cyber	Fire Code	Drama	7.2	Avery and her team investigate a new cyber threat that allows arsonists a less traceable method of starting fires in homes. Meanwhile, Elijah's ex-wife informs him she's starting a new job out of town and wants to take their daughter with her.
735	CSI: Cyber	Crowd Sourced	Drama	7.2	The Cyber team must track down a bomber fixated on revealing the "truth" about society's overreliance on technology.
735	CSI: Cyber	The Evil Twin	Drama	7.2	Avery and her team investigate the murder of a woman whose electronic devices indicate that she was alive for three days after her official time of death.
735	CSI: Cyber	Url, Interrupted	Drama	7.2	The Cyber team investigates when a high school victim of intense cyberbullying by her classmates pledges to retaliate.
735	CSI: Cyber	Selfie 2.0	Drama	7.2	The cyber team investigates the abductions of young women whose social network pages are being kept up to date. Also, Ryan helps Trish McCarthy cope with the death of Trish's sister, Ryan's former psych patient.
735	CSI: Cyber	L0m1S	Drama	7.2	The cyber crime team investigates when nine planes that departed from the same airport face a coordinated Wi-Fi attack while in flight.
735	CSI: Cyber	Click Your Poison	Drama	7.2	Special Agent Avery Ryan and her team investigate when a man dies after taking medication he purchased from a hacked ad on a medical website.
735	CSI: Cyber	Ghost In The Machine	Drama	7.2	The cyber team tracks a killer who hacks into a popular online game and tricks gamers into delivering illegal weapons.
735	CSI: Cyber	Bit By Bit	Drama	7.2	The cyber team investigates when a hacker uses a power outage in Detroit to mask a jewelry store robbery-homicide in which gems weren't the target.
735	CSI: Cyber	Family Secrets	Drama	7.2	Avery confronts the hacker who released her patient's information online when she was a psychologist. Meanwhile, Krumitz confronts the man who murdered his parents.
735	CSI: Cyber	Why-Fi	Drama	7.2	Avery welcomes D.B. Russell to the team as they investigate a burglary/homicide committed by someone who hacked the home's security system remotely, on the second season premiere of CSI: CYBER, Sunday, Oct. 4 (10:00-11:00 PM, ET/PT), on the CBS Television Network. Also, Avery considers moving to a new position within the hierarchy of the FBI, Krumitz is a witness in his sister's trial, Elijah deals with a delicate family situation and more is revealed about Nelson's and Raven's backgrounds.
736	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	Comedy	none	Terrapin martial artists battle a global criminal group, The Foot, led by their arch nemesis The Shredder, who's in league with a technological madman, Baxter Stockman.
739	The Odd Couple	The Odd Couple	Comedy	4.0	THE ODD COUPLE stars Matthew Perry as endearing slob Oscar Madison and Thomas Lennon as uptight neat freak Felix Unger, two former college buddies who become unlikely roommates after the demise of their marriages.
739	The Odd Couple	Pilot	Comedy	4.0	Oscar Madison reluctantly agrees to let Felix Unger, his uptight former college roommate, move in with him after both of their marriages fail.
739	The Odd Couple	The Ghostwriter	Comedy	4.0	When Oscar is hired to ghostwrite the autobiography of a retired baseball player, Felix offers his "help" by advising Murph to go in a different direction, making Oscar's job more difficult.
739	The Odd Couple	The Birthday Party	Comedy	4.0	When Oscar realizes he's forgotten Felix's birthday, he pulls together a last-minute surprise party in his honor in an attempt to impress Casey.
739	The Odd Couple	The Blind Leading The Blind Date	Comedy	4.0	When Dani reveals she's depressed that she'll be the only single one at her high school reunion, Oscar and Felix each put their distinctive dating strategies to work to help her find a boyfriend.
739	The Odd Couple	The Wedding Deception	Comedy	4.0	When Oscar and Felix attend the wedding of an old college friend, Oscar aims to reconnect with an old flame while Felix is determined to show his ex-wife that he's a changed man.
739	The Odd Couple	Heal Thyself	Comedy	4.0	Felix's hypochondria kicks into overdrive when Oscar starts dating the most important person in Felix's life - his doctor.
739	The Odd Couple	Secret Agent Man	Comedy	4.0	Felix convinces Oscar to appear on a sports television show against Teddy's advice to stick with radio.
739	The Odd Couple	The Unger Games	Comedy	4.0	When Oscar feels threatened by Felix's surprising performance on the softball field and basketball court, they agree to a decathlon to determine which one of them is the better athlete.
739	The Odd Couple	Sleeping Dogs Lie	Comedy	4.0	When Oscar and Felix make a trip to Ashley's to retrieve Felix's special pillow, a secret that he has kept from Oscar is revealed.
739	The Odd Couple	Enlightening Strikes	Comedy	4.0	When Felix substitute teaches a yoga class, his teaching style rubs everyone, including Emily, the wrong way. Also, Oscar and Dani get trapped on a subway car, adding to their frustration about living in the city, and Murph asks Teddy to be his agent when he's approached to be the spokesperson for a Norwegian health supplement.
739	The Odd Couple	Jealous Island	Comedy	4.0	Oscar becomes obsessed with living up to Murph's standards when he finds out the girl he is seeing used to date the handsome ex-baseball player. Also, when Emily volunteers to be a part of a historical reenactment on Ellis Island in order to spend more time with Felix, he is too busy preparing for his role to pay any attention to her.
739	The Odd Couple	The Audit Couple	Comedy	4.0	When the IRS decides to audit Oscar and his ex-wife Gaby, Felix offers to mediate between the contentious exes when he realizes that he might be the reason Oscar was audited in the first place.
740	Zoo	Zoo	Drama	7.5	Zoo is set amidst a wave of violent animal attacks sweeping across the planet. A young renegade scientist is thrust into a race to unlock the mystery behind this pandemic before time runs out for animals and humans alike.
740	Zoo	First Blood	Drama	7.5	Jackson Oz, an American ex-pat safari guide living in Africa, discovers a link between strange animal attacks on people occurring around the world and his late father's controversial theories about an impending threat to the human race. Meanwhile, journalist Jamie Campbell and veterinary pathologist Mitch Morgan team up to investigate similar abnormal animal behavior in Los Angeles.
740	Zoo	Fight Or Flight	Drama	7.5	After Jackson Oz rescues his best friend, Abraham Kenyatta, from a lion attack in Botswana, Abraham's firsthand account of the attack reveals that the lions are no longer afraid of humans and might be killing for sport. Also, Jamie and Mitch run tests on a lion cub in the Los Angeles Zoo and uncover a link to a chemical made by a biotechnology company, and Chloe Tousignant returns to Paris where she must overcome her own trauma and focus on her work as a government intelligence analyst.
740	Zoo	The Silence Of The Cicadas	Drama	7.5	Jackson and Abraham travel to Robert's isolated lab to recover his research. Meanwhile, Jamie convinces Mitch to go to New Orleans with her to approach a sympathetic senator, and Gaspald convinces Chloe to join forces with him.
740	Zoo	Pack Mentality	Drama	7.5	Jackson, Abraham, Mitch, Jamie and Chloe are tasked by a top intelligence agent to find the cause of the strange animal behavior around the world. When the team travels to Mississippi to investigate the wolf attack on the prison, Mitch and Abraham break off to catch one of the wolves, and Chloe, Jackson and Jamie discover that death row inmate escapee Evan Lee Hartley might somehow be involved in the attack. Also, the team meets FBI Agent Ben Shafer, who may know more about the prison fire than he's saying.
740	Zoo	Blame It On Leo	Drama	7.5	Jackson, Jamie and Agent Shaffer search for a chemist in Alabama who has evidence of Reiden Global's role in the growing animal problem. Meanwhile, Chloe, Mitch and Abraham fly to Rio de Janeiro to delay the local government's plan for a massive bat extermination and come up against a ruthless drug lord.
740	Zoo	This Is What It Sounds Like	Drama	7.5	While searching for a solution to the bat problem in Rio de Janeiro, Mitch and Chloe are kidnapped by the local drug lord and Abraham must come to the rescue. Also, reeling from the car crash that allowed escaped death row inmate Evan Lee Hartley to steal the one piece of evidence they had against Reiden Global, the Mother Cell, Jamie, Jackson and Agent Shaffer team up to track him down and lands Jamie in trouble with the FBI.
740	Zoo	Sleuths	Drama	7.5	The team travels to Paris to search for a group of bears that were being studied for migration habits when their trackers mysteriously went offline. While investigating the strange occurrence, Chloe must work with and ultimately confront her ex-fiancé, a civil engineer, who is helping city officials find the missing bears. Meanwhile, with Jamie accused of murder, the team makes a daring plan to hack into the Reiden-Global mainframe, and Mitch makes a shocking discovery about the next evolutionary step of the animals.
740	Zoo	The Cheese Stands Alone	Drama	7.5	The team discovers a terrifying rat infestation when a cargo ship carrying the bloodthirsty rodents washes up off the coast of Massachusetts. Also, unbeknownst to the rest of the team, Mitch reconnects with his terminally ill daughter in Boston as he prepares to make a trade with Reiden-Global to save her life.
740	Zoo	Murmuration	Drama	7.5	Jamie contacts a fellow journalist in an attempt to expose the truth about Reiden's involvement in the global animal problem. After realizing Delavenne works for Reiden, Mitch escapes with both the Mother Cell and his daughter's medication. However, on their way to deliver the medication, Mitch and Abraham come face-to-face with a terrifying army of birds.
740	Zoo	Emotional Contagion	Drama	7.5	To get safe passage out of the country. Also, Chloe makes the ultimate sacrifice to avoid further bloodshed.
740	Zoo	Eats, Shoots And Leaves	Drama	7.5	A run-in with rebels in Zambia leaves Jackson injured, but the hospital turns out to be overrun by animals.
740	Zoo	Wild Things	Drama	7.5	Jamie and Mitch try to formulate a cure; a surprising turn of events puts everything in jeopardy.
740	Zoo	That Great Big Hill Of Hope	Drama	7.5	Three months after the plane crash, Jamie is presumed dead and the chances of recovering the cure from Zambia appear hopeless. Abe joins a team of mercenaries, while Mitch takes up a stool at a local bar. However, a sudden call brings the team back together... but is it too late?
742	10 Things I Hate About You	10 Things I Hate About You	Drama	6.0	After just one term, the Stratford sisters are making their mark on Padua High. Outspoken Kat is a known campus activist, and she's let down her guard just enough to hook up with mysterious bad boy Patrick. Meanwhile, her social-butterfly sister, Bianca, has taken on self-centered head cheerleader Chastity, and just might be dating her ex, would-be male model Joey... much to the sorrow of love-struck nerd Cameron. Things just keep getting more interesting as these changes rock Padua's social order. Meanwhile, back at home, overprotective Dr. Stratford is NOT happy about this boy invasion, but he has ways of keeping his girls in line.
742	10 Things I Hate About You	I Want You to Want Me	Drama	6.0	In an attempt to impress Chastity, Bianca comes up with an idea for a fundraiser for the cheerleading squad. But her plan to hold a carnation sale ends up raising not just money, but some questions as well.
742	10 Things I Hate About You	Won't Get Fooled Again	Drama	6.0	Bianca's determination to get to a party with some of the coolest kids in school leads her to turn for help to Cameron who, of course, is perfectly willing to do whatever she needs. But it also could get her in trouble with her dad, who has forbidden her from attending the party.
742	10 Things I Hate About You	Don't Give a Damn About My Bad Reputation	Drama	6.0	After Bianca falsely tells Chastity that she's dating an older guy to try to rid herself of her goody two-shoes reputation, Chastity sees Bianca "canoodling" with her geometry teacher and instantly starts the rumor around school that the two are dating.
742	10 Things I Hate About You	Don't Give Up	Drama	6.0	Determined to become an active environmentalist, Kat enrolls in shop class to convert her gas-guzzling car into a biodiesel vehicle. As the only girl in the class, Kat realizes that she needs to do more than fix cars to break the stereotype that girls can do anything boys can do.
742	10 Things I Hate About You	You Can't Always Get Want You Want	Drama	6.0	In order to help earn money for a shopping trip with Chastity, Bianca and her friend Dawn ask Cameron for help in setting up a new web reality show. It doesn't take long before the girls realize that, to get more viewers, they have to spice things up a bit.
742	10 Things I Hate About You	Light My Fire	Drama	6.0	When local residents are evacuated to Padua High during a brushfire emergency, Bianca tries to use the crisis as yet another opportunity to win over Chastity. In order to please her, Bianca must set out to find a private room in the school for Chastity.
742	10 Things I Hate About You	Dance Little Sister	Drama	6.0	When Bianca gets asked to Padua High's Fall Fling by Beau Bradley, the captain of the soccer team, she sets out to convince Patrick to take Kat to the dance since their father has prohibited Bianca from dating until Kat does.
742	10 Things I Hate About You	Fight For Your Right	Drama	6.0	When Walter Stratford goes out of town; his girls go a bit crazy with a house party. Bianca believes the party will help make her legendary and Kat brings her own "responsible" touch to the party with recycle bins and designated driver wristbands and a very special karaoke performance.
742	10 Things I Hate About You	Don't Leave Me This Way	Drama	6.0	When Padua High enforces a new policy on uniforms and bag search on the students, Kat sets out to rally the students in protest. She enlists help from someone unexpected -- Chastity.
742	10 Things I Hate About You	Da Repercussions	Drama	6.0	Kat and Patrick are caught skipping school and both get suspended. How will Kat deal with a suspension after learning it might ruin her GPA, potentially destroying her dream to get into a prestigious college?
742	10 Things I Hate About You	Don't Trust Me	Drama	6.0	Having admitted that she was the mysterious blonde who kissed Joey, Bianca is on the outs with Chastity and the in crowd, and Kat invites Patrick for a family dinner during which the duo dishes up a fun prank to play on Walter.
742	10 Things I Hate About You	Great Expectations	Drama	6.0	Joey prepares a romantic dinner for Bianca, complete with candles, fancy food and flowers, while across town Patrick teaches Kat about dining and dashing.
742	10 Things I Hate About You	Meat is Murder	Drama	6.0	Kat wants to use school politics to change the world for the better by instituting Meatless Mondays. She joins forces with a handsome British fellow, Blank, and Patrick is jealous.
742	10 Things I Hate About You	The Winner Takes It All	Drama	6.0	Bianca, at all costs plans to take the 1st place trophy in Padua High's talent show, that is until Chastity steals her song.
742	10 Things I Hate About You	Too Much Information	Drama	6.0	Patrick is more mysterious than usual, which leads Kat to think he's up to no good, and Bianca's boyfriend, Joey, wants to be a reality TV star.
742	10 Things I Hate About You	Just One Kiss	Drama	6.0	Bianca sets Cameron up on a date with Dawn and Patrick tells Kat she's free to date whom she chooses, so she does.
742	10 Things I Hate About You	Changes	Drama	6.0	While Kat and Patrick make a major decision about their relationship, Walter asks the school counselor, Mrs. Tharpe, out on a date, and Cameron's best friend, Michael, reveals he is gay.
742	10 Things I Hate About You	Ain't No Mountain High Enough	Drama	6.0	Kat and Bianca find out that Walter is dating their school counselor, Darlene Tharpe, and in an effort to get over Patrick, Kat decides to study abroad in Nepal.
742	10 Things I Hate About You	Revolution	Drama	6.0	Chastity decides to name Bianca vice head cheerleader, displacing Michelle. Because Michelle is supported by the rest of the squad, they enlist Dawn in a complex scheme involving a fake fight at the cheerleaders' annual car wash. The plan backfires when the fight seems too real, and Michelle ousts Chastity as head cheerleader.
743	The Bachelorette	The Bachelorette	Family	1.0	ABC's hit romantic reality series, "The Bachelorette", will kick off its 11th season continuing the surprises of this season's "Bachelor" with the biggest one of all: there will be two Bachelorettes: the charming, charismatic beauty, Britt Nilsson, who captivated Chris Soules and the rest of Bachelor Nation with a memorable hug on that first night at the Bachelor mansion, and Kaitlyn Bristowe, the gorgeous, fun-loving, warm-hearted, but irreverent firecracker who let down her guard only to have her heart crushed. Who will the men prefer? Eventually, only one woman will be left to hand out the final rose.
743	The Bachelorette	Week 8 (S11)	Family	1.0	One of the bachelors enjoys the Irish countryside with Kaitlyn. A surprise visit changes the course of Kaitlyn's journey.
743	The Bachelorette	Week 10 (S11)	Family	1.0	Shawn becomes jealous; the final two men's families express their concerns.
743	The Bachelorette	The Final Rose	Family	1.0	Kaitlyn must choose between jealous Shawn and passionate and intense Nick.
743	The Bachelorette	After the Final Rose	Family	1.0	Kaitlyn, Nick and Shawn talk to Chris Harrison about the outcome of the show and their relationships.
745	The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills	The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills	Drama	none	The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills offers a glimpse inside the world of luxurious wealth and pampered privilege, where being seen and who you know is everything. These women are in the center of it all and they have the mansions, the cars, and the diamonds to prove it. From heiresses to entrepreneurs to a family of child actresses - they deliver the star power and the drama.
746	Shameless	Shameless	Drama	7.0	Paul Abbott's critically acclaimed, offbeat drama about the rollercoaster lives and loves of the dysfunctional Gallagher clan.
747	Naked And Afraid	Naked And Afraid	Drama	6.0	Each week, a new pair of complete and total strangers - one man and one woman - will find themselves stranded in and, quite literally, exposed to one of the world's most extreme weather environments. This duo will be left high and dry with no food, no water... and no clothes. They must survive on their own for a full 21 days, with nothing but one personal item each and the knowledge that the only prize is their pride and sense of accomplishment.
747	Naked And Afraid	The Jungle Curse	Drama	6.0	Two naked survivalists, Shane Lewis and Kim Shelton, are challenged to survive for 21 days in the Costa Rican jungle. While in the lush rainforest, Shane and Kim endure every challenge imaginable, including torrential downpours, illness, a shelter fire, and a deadly encounter with the venomous snake that put the show's producer in a life-threatening situation.
747	Naked And Afraid	Terror in Tanzania	Drama	6.0	Two survivalists take on the African Serengeti to survive for 21 days with no food, water or clothes. EJ Snyder and Kellie Nightlinger must put their skills to the ultimate test: to overcome the tough terrain and the predator-filled environment.
747	Naked And Afraid	Island From Hell	Drama	6.0	Two survivalists Jonathan Klay and Alison Teal are marooned on a Maldivian island for 21 days. The surfer girl and the former Marine clash when sunstroke and starvation threaten their survival as they try to get through 21 days naked and afraid.
747	Naked And Afraid	Punishment in Panama	Drama	6.0	Clint Jivoin and Laura Zerra are Naked and Afraid on a Panamanian island for 21 days. Plagued by sand flies and threatened by snakes and crocodiles the pair have to stick together using all their skills and experience to survive in the tropical hell.
747	Naked And Afraid	Breaking Borneo	Drama	6.0	Puma Cabra and Julie Wright have to survive in Sabah, Borneo for 21 days. The jungle is their unrelenting foe as they battle with sickness, starvation and deadly wildlife, all of which tests their resolve and determination every step of the way.
747	Naked And Afraid	Beware the Bayou	Drama	6.0	Billy Berger and Ky Furneaux are dropped in the bayou and must survive 21 days in the Louisiana swamplands. They are washed out of their shelter by storms and have to tackle deadly snakes at every moment while avoiding the abundant hungry alligators.
747	Naked And Afraid	Bares All	Drama	6.0	The entire cast - and their families - return with insight and reveal never-before-seen footage from the addictive new show. Naked and Afraid: Bares All promises to strip itself down and expose everything you couldn't see before!
747	Naked And Afraid	Double Jeopardy	Drama	6.0	Two pairs of strangers, dropped on opposite ends of the remote Panamanian rainforest, eventually meet and must work together to conquer the Everest of extreme survival challenges.
747	Naked And Afraid	Man vs. Amazon	Drama	6.0	Two survivalists journey to the most hostile environment on the planet to take on the Amazon without modern conveniences or clothing. Battling piranhas, jaguars and mosquitoes, can they survive the unsurvivable?
747	Naked And Afraid	Damned in Africa	Drama	6.0	It's kill or be killed as survivalists Jeff and Eva journey to Madagascar and take on the unforgiving Massif D'Isalo - its nasty boa constrictors, abundant black widow spiders, and harsh desert landscape.
747	Naked And Afraid	Paradise Lost	Drama	6.0	Two survivalists are dropped on a deserted Fijian island. They must battle the elements, as well as each others' annoyances, as they try to survive 21 days together. With blistering heat, minimal water and scarce food, this will be no honeymoon.
747	Naked And Afraid	Mayan Misery	Drama	6.0	Two survivalists are challenged to survive in a flooded jungle of Belize. The man and woman must face a labyrinth of Mayan caves filled with poisonous snakes and rabid bats. Can they conquer their fears and emerge from the darkness?
747	Naked And Afraid	The Pain Forest	Drama	6.0	Two survivalists attempt to endure 21 days in the Malaysian rainforest. With relentless rainstorms, they will have to fight the elements with only their knowledge of the wilderness. Will this firefighter and single mother team survive?
747	Naked And Afraid	Meltdown in Bolivia	Drama	6.0	Two survivalists are dropped into the merciless jungles of Bolivia. Severely challenged by flash floods, heat exhaustion and a life-threatening appendicitis attack, will the Wiccan gods of survival be with them or against them?
747	Naked And Afraid	Primal Fear	Drama	6.0	Mountain man Luke and homeschooling mom and triathlete Lindsey are dropped into the dry and thorny landscape of Africa's Namibia. A lack of food, fire and the difficulty of navigating the thorny landscape threaten to keep the intrepid team from completing their 21-day survival challenge.
747	Naked And Afraid	Blood in the Water	Drama	6.0	Two survivalists test their primitive skills on the razor sharp terrain of Andros Island in the Bahamas. Battling starvation, swarms of tiny predators and accusations about a partner's survival abilities turn this partnership into a bad marriage.
747	Naked And Afraid	Hearts of Darkness	Drama	6.0	Survivalists have disagreements while facing extreme heat and crocodile-filled waters in the Cambodian jungle.
747	Naked And Afraid	Jungle Love	Drama	6.0	Two survivalists are challenged to survive 21 days in the Nicaraguan rainforest. Battling freezing nights, severe dehydration, and each other, can polar opposites work together to survive 21 days when one is vegetarian and the other is a meat eater?
747	Naked And Afraid	Argentina Impossible	Drama	6.0	A survival instructor teams with a pediatrician to fight storms, cold, and starvation in Argentina's Yungas Cloud Forest. It's a race against time as the pair puts their skills to the test before hypothermia shuts them down.
747	Naked And Afraid	Playing With Fire	Drama	6.0	Two survivalists are dropped on a deserted Dominica beach. Will surviving in the barren tropical terrain be too great a challenge for the survivalists? Will they make it together, or will one have to survive in the tropical nightmare alone?
747	Naked And Afraid	Himalayan Hell	Drama	6.0	Two more survivalists try to survive 21 days without food, clean water, and their clothes in the Himalayan foothills of northern India. In the face of severe dehydration, one survivalists' debilitating illness threatens to derail both their chances of success.
747	Naked And Afraid	Nicaragua Nightmare	Drama	6.0	Two survivalists try to survive for 21 days in the hot and swampy jungles of southern Nicaragua while armed with only a machete...and a roll of duct tape. But an early tap out leaves one of them alone in an attempt to survive for 16 days.
747	Naked And Afraid	Botswana Breakdown	Drama	6.0	A Seattle banker and a Rhode Island bartender head to Africa to test their survival skills in the barren plains of Botswana. Battling intense heat and a watering hole filled with animal waste will our survivalists walk out of Africa or be carried out?
747	Naked And Afraid	Dunes of Despair	Drama	6.0	A laid back wilderness instructor and his go-getter 'wild child' survival mate are dropped onto the sun-scorched, desolate sand dunes of Brazil. In this bleak landscape of blinding white sand they battle hunger, dehydration and, ultimately, each other.
747	Naked And Afraid	Alligator Alley	Drama	6.0	An Army mother and a Marine test their military survival training to the test in the Florida Everglades.
747	Naked And Afraid	Rumble In The Jungle	Drama	6.0	Christina and Steve take on the Mexican jungles of Quintana Roo for 21 days. But with each sleepless bug-filled night tensions between them mount, and in the end, the greatest threat to their survival might be each other.
747	Naked And Afraid	Mayan Sacrifice	Drama	6.0	Luke, a go-getter from Southern California, and Alyssa, a positive survival instructor, take on the rugged coast of the Yucatan. As dehydration, hunger, and the threat of caiman kick in… will the survivalists win or lose to this perilous coastline?
747	Naked And Afraid	Edge of Madness	Drama	6.0	Two survivalists take on the hot and hellish conditions of Guyana's equatorial savannah. Slammed from day one by the heat, they battle debilitating health issues, a team dynamic breakdown, critical survival malfunctions and a massive psychological decline.
747	Naked And Afraid	Mexico: Quintana Roo	Drama	6.0	Christina and Steve have to live in the Mexican jungle of Quintana Roo for three weeks.
747	Naked And Afraid	Fire On The Mountain	Drama	6.0	Avid outdoorsman Trenton and novice survivalist Jen take on high elevation in the peaks of Udhampur, India. With relentlessly cold nights and an unexpected wildfire, their chances of surviving the 21-day challenge might go up in flames.
747	Naked And Afraid	Lord Of The Rats	Drama	6.0	A workaholic mom and a loner are challenged to survive three weeks in Thailand. Competing with monkeys and rats for food, it's a daily struggle not only to survive, but to understand each other. Will they be able to come together as a team?
747	Naked And Afraid	Guyana: Rupununi	Drama	6.0	Survivalists endure Guyana's equatorial savannah, battling health issues, a breakdown in team dynamic and survival malfunctions.
747	Naked And Afraid	Colombian Conflict	Drama	6.0	A New Yorker and a nature-loving vegetarian attempt to survive in the Colombian jungle for twenty one days.
747	Naked And Afraid	Bares All: Survival in Close Quarters	Drama	6.0	Footage of the survivalists reveals good, bad, awkward and weird moments from their various adventures.
747	Naked And Afraid	Garden of Evil	Drama	6.0	A Navy vet and a military mom tackle the harsh conditions of Mexico's uninhabitable Cayo Venado. A prowling black panther, tree sap poisonous to the touch, and a week of freezing rain lead this pair of survivalists right up to the breaking point.
747	Naked And Afraid	Redemption Road	Drama	6.0	AK, a past survivalist, returns for her chance at redemption. Her partner Jason joins her in tackling the jungle of Guyana, but the two have different priorities. Starvation sets in causing tension to rise. Will they come together and survive the 21 days?
747	Naked And Afraid	Surthrive	Drama	6.0	An independent mother of three, plus a jungle savvy Green Beret, take on the remote wetlands of Guyana. Battling disease-carrying sand flies, venomous snakes, and an infestation of caiman present huge challenges. Can this pair survive?
748	Oz	Oz	Drama	9.3	HBO's violent men-behind-bars drama is an addictive, testosterone-driven soap opera for guys. The eight episodes of the first season set the style for the show: a massive cast of a vivid characters on both sides of the bars, four or five stories unleashed at a breakneck pace and framed by angry, oddball introductions, and a soaring casualty rate. Created by Homicide producer Tom Fontana, this drama quickly earned its rightful reputation as the most brutal show on TV. It's simple chemistry: combine volatile ingredients in a confined space, shut tight, and shake.
749	CSI: NY	CSI: NY	Action	8.0	A third installment in Jerry Bruckheimer's hit crime-procedural franchise focuses on New York forensic investigator Mac Taylor and his team.
750	The Real Housewives of New York City	The Real Housewives of New York City	Drama	none	The series will feature an elite and powerful set of New York socialites as they juggle their careers and home lives with busy calendars packed with charity fund-raising galas, the social whirl of the Hamptons, and interviews for elite private schools. These driven and ambitious women show everyone what it takes to make it in the upper echelon of society, where money and status are an essential way of life.
750	The Real Housewives of New York City	Family Matters	Drama	none	Back from Atlantic City, Ramona keeps her birthday festivities rolling with a party for herself and her gal pals. When some of the women attend a boxing match, Carole and Luann head to their respective corners when Luann mentions Carole's young beau, Adam. After admitting to having a hard time opening up to the ladies, Bethenny heads to Miami to connect with her closest friend and to mend fences with her estranged stepfather. Luann is also in Miami for her daughter's appearance in the art festival, Art Basel. When Bethenny meets with her stepfather, John, for the first time in 20 years, they attempt to hash out her troubled past, and Bethenny is forced to reckon with a new revelation.
750	The Real Housewives of New York City	The Cavi-Art of War	Drama	none	After reuniting with her stepfather, Bethenny visits her therapist, Dr. Amadour, who pushes her to tap into her feelings, so she can move forward with her current relationships. Meanwhile,Ramona reveals that Mario wants to get his family back, but she's unsure of what she wants. While shopping for furniture for her new apartment, Bethenny meets up with Carole and gets emotional about not being able to attend Dorinda's birthday weekend in the Berkshires, because she needs to spend time with her daughter. Later, things come to a standstill when Luann and Ramona face off at a dinner and both call each other out for talking about John, leaving Dorinda to question if she really wants to invite everyone to her Berkshires home.
750	The Real Housewives of New York City	Birthday in the Berks	Drama	none	The ladies head to the Berkshires to celebrate Dorinda's 50th birthday and are impressed with Dorinda's luxurious estate. In the evening, Kristen mentions to Ramona and Dorinda that John was too touchy with her at World Bar, setting Dorinda off. During dinner at a local inn, the women discuss Bethenny's very rough childhood and the walls she has up, but Heather isn't feeling very sympathetic. On the night of Dorinda's big 50th birthday dinner, all of the boyfriends and husbands descend upon the house and one surprise guest arrives just in time--Bethenny. When Bethenny reveals she doesn't eat fish, Heather takes it upon herself to fix the situation, which doesn't end well for either woman.
750	The Real Housewives of New York City	Pop Up Crazy	Drama	none	Dorinda's birthday dinner comes to an unappetizing halt with Bethenny and Heather in a screaming match, capping off a conflict-filled Berkshire weekend. Back in New York, Ramona is thrilled to have Avery home so they can reconnect, and Avery surprises Ramona with her adult perspective on the situation between her parents. It's all business when Bethenny invites Sonja to her brand summit meeting to give Sonja some insight into what it takes to run a successful brand, while Kristen invites Carole to contribute some color and branding ideas for her new nail polish line. Later at Ramona's party at her new sports bar, AOA, most of the attention of the night is on Bethenny as she navigates conflicts with Luann, Kristen and Heather.
750	The Real Housewives of New York City	Fashionably Fired Up	Drama	none	Bethenny invites the ladies to decorate cupcakes, and the invitations keep coming as a newly debt-free Sonja wants to celebrate by inviting all of the girls to Turks and Caicos. On a shopping outing, Luann and Kristen recap the AOA party, but Kristen gains no clarity and is as perplexed as ever about Bethenny's actions. Meanwhile, Carole and Bethenny's friendship reaches odd levels thanks to Carole's steamy sex dream. Luann has everyone at the photo shoot for her new clothing line where Kristen once again confronts Bethenny--this time about her scheduling issues regarding the Turks and Caicos trip, leaving Bethenny in tears. Later, at Luann's fashion line party, a protective Ramona goes off on Kristen for upsetting Bethenny.
750	The Real Housewives of New York City	Lord Of The Manor	Drama	none	The ladies head to Luann's fashion launch party where Kristen finds herself in yet another face-off with Bethenny. The next day, the women take off from snowy New York City to have a little fun in the sun in Turks and Caicos. Ramona's antics begin right from the start when she tries to get the best room in the villa. Once everyone is ready for dinner, things turn sour when Sonja is accused of consistently drinking and making advances at other people's boyfriends. Sonja feels attacked and tries to explain herself to Bethenny, but her plan backfires and evolves into a fiery confrontation between the two friends.
750	The Real Housewives of New York City	Sonja Island	Drama	none	On their first evening in Turks and Caicos, Ramona and Bethenny have a tear-filled heart-to-heart after the other ladies go to bed. In the morning, Dorinda has a serious talk with Sonja, reminding her to stand up for herself and not allow the other women to walk all over her. When Ramona stirs the pot telling Sonja that the other women think she is an alcoholic, she reaches her breaking point and confronts the other ladies. Sonja decides to skip the yacht outing where the other women have luxurious day connecting with each other. Upon arrival at their dinner spot, Dorinda and Heather get into it, causing a scene at the restaurant and a confusing conflict between these two Berkshire buddies.
750	The Real Housewives of New York City	Conch Blocked	Drama	none	When Bethenny is making lunch for the ladies and Ramona tries to convince everyone to go out to eat instead, Bethenny calls Ramona out for always making things about her. The ladies agree to stay home for lunch, and Ramona shares her new book idea. When Bethenny gives her opinion on the book names, Heather thinks she's acting like a know it all. That night at the Conch Bar, the ladies' night of dancing is interrupted when Ramona moves in on the bar owner. The next day, Sonja has a day of fun planned at the Gansevoort Hotel, but the ladies are still upset with Ramona for her insensitive behavior the night before. Later during dinner, the night turns from delightful to disastrous over a heated discussion about the f-word.
750	The Real Housewives of New York City	Don't Be All, Like, Uncool	Drama	none	Heather wakes up to find a naked man in the room attached to hers, and goes after Luann and Ramona for their late-night antics. Back in New York, Carole and Dorinda meet up with Bethenny to tell her what she missed at the end of the trip. At Kristen's Denim and Diamonds decorating dinner, the grievances start to air and it seems that everyone has an issue to clear up.
750	The Real Housewives of New York City	Awfully Charitable	Drama	none	Carole visits Bethenny's almost-finished apartment and fills her in on the chaos that occurred at the end of Kristen's denim-decorating party. At Kristen's Denim and Diamonds charity event,Ramona takes issue that her necklaces aren't displayed as prominently as Heather's jeans. Carole, Dorinda, and Heather have an emotional experience in Queens with a clairvoyant, and Dr. Amador calls Bethenny out on the meaning of her arrogant behavior. Later, things heat up between Carole and her younger beau Adam as they host a dinner party for Kristen and Heather. Then, Carole and Dorinda are off to London to pick up Anthony's ashes and come face-to-face with some old ghosts.
750	The Real Housewives of New York City	Rumble on the Runway	Drama	none	It's fashion week in New York, and the ladies have some exciting adventures lined up. Bethenny and Heather join Sonja and her design team to see her clothing line, but instead, end up choosing models for Sonja's fashion show. Over lunch, Ramona tells Dorinda she and Mario are really done, and she's moving on with her life. Carole downloads Heather on the closure she feels after her trip to London. Kristen is excited to have her Pop of Color nail polish line debut during fashion week as part of the Elie Tahari presentation. When Ramona announces she's having a "New Beginnings" party, Bethenny calls BS. And behind the scenes at the Sonja Morgan New York fashion show, everything goes wrong for Sonja and unfortunately the chaos backstage spills out along the runway as Bethenny calls out Ramona who tries her best, but can't run away from the runway.
750	The Real Housewives of New York City	New Beginnings, My Ass	Drama	none	Sonja's Fashion Week debut is getting great press thanks to Bethenny and Ramona's front row ruckus, which Sonja wants to hear about from Ramona. When Carole comes over to see Bethenny's completed apartment, she shares with Bethenny that she's heard Luann has been talking behind her back. Dorinda and John meet for lunch where things get awkward as John wants to take their relationship to the next level and Dorinda isn't ready for that. Ramona's New Beginnings party seems like old behavior all around when unresolved conflicts arise. Ramona does her best to maintain control of the party and the ladies help toast her into her new life.
750	The Real Housewives of New York City	Reunion Part 1	Drama	none	The defining, three-part New York City reunion begins with some conflicting accounts of how the ladies reacted to the return of Bethenny. Fortunately, as they take a look back at her outbursts from the season, Bethenny is able to reflect on how she handled herself with the new women this season. As the ladies remember their Atlantic City adventures, tensions resurface as Heather is unforgiving about being left in Sonja's foyer. However, it's Sonja who is on high defense as the women once again take issue with her partying ways. Then, from boyfriends to girl codes, the royal rumble continues between Luann and Carole.
750	The Real Housewives of New York City	Reunion Part 2	Drama	none	In the second part of the reunion, Luann and Carole still fight through their unresolved issues with Carole accusing the Countess of trashing her name all over town and Luann adding to her roster of reasons why she is mad at Carole. Then, it's all about the newest Housewife, Dorinda, including her touchy-feely boyfriend and her unpredictable temper. Right from the start, temperatures reach boiling levels as both Kristen and Heather rehash their fiery conflicts with Dorinda. Eventually the fun gets going when all of the single ladies talk men, dating, and life as cougars. The "New Ramona" extends an apology to Andy for her behavior on last year's reunion and reveals heartbreaking details about her marriage. However, between stolen dresses and false accusations, the rest of the women still question if she is a new Ramona.
750	The Real Housewives of New York City	Reunion Part 3	Drama	none	The final installment of the reunion starts with Sonja once again on the defense as all of the ladies question her business sense. Then, it's one final trip down memory lane for as the women look back at the Turks and Caicos trip and rehash cock-blocks, skinny-dips and naked men.
750	The Real Housewives of New York City	Secrets Revealed	Drama	none	Never-before-seen footage from "The Real Housewives of New York City" season seven. Don't miss candid, exclusive, lovable scenes from your favorite ladies of the Big Apple.
750	The Real Housewives of New York City	100th Episode Watch What Happens Live Special	Drama	none	Relive the series' most unforgettable and buzziest moments. From fiery confrontations to luxurious vacations, "Watch What Happens Live" host Andy Cohen pulls back the curtain on one of reality television's most-talked about shows and sits down with Housewives past and present to get the scoop on how the series has affected their lives.
752	My Boys	My Boys	Comedy	none	A comedy/drama centering on PJ Franklin a twenty-something female sports writer for the Chigaco Sun-Times, whose 'family' consists of a bunch of lovable guys who share all her favorite pastimes - sports, poker and beer, but finding a boyfriend and making a future for herself can be tricky for a girl with so many men in her life! Starring hot new talent Jordana Spiro.
753	Comedy Bang! Bang!	Comedy Bang! Bang!	Comedy	7.0	"COMEDY BANG! BANG!" cleverly riffs on the well-known format of the late night talk show, infusing celebrity appearances and comedy sketches with a tinge of the surreal. In each episode, Aukerman engages his guests with unfiltered and improvisational lines of questioning, punctuated by banter and beats provided by bandleader, one-man musical mastermind Reggie Watts to reinvent the traditional celebrity interview. Packed with character cameos, filmic shorts, sketches and games set amongst an off-beat world, COMEDY BANG! BANG! delivers thirty minutes of absurd laugh-loaded fun featuring some of the biggest names in comedy.
753	Comedy Bang! Bang!	Randall Park Wears Brown Dress Shoes With Blue Socks	Comedy	7.0	Scott wants to wear an unconventional hat to accept his Lifetime Achievement Award and the staff doesn't have the heart to argue.
753	Comedy Bang! Bang!	A$AP Rocky Wears a Black Button Up Jacket and Black Sneakers	Comedy	7.0	Scott's possessions come to life and surprisingly go on an adventure; A$AP Rocky shows off his awards; Scott debuts the trailer to his new movie.
753	Comedy Bang! Bang!	Weird Al Yankovic Wears a Different Hawaiian Shirt	Comedy	7.0	"Comedy Bang! Bang!" tries to appeal to a female audience by hiring three co-hosts, but Cudi suspects something's wrong; Weird Al plays a game of Celebrity Weird Al Do's; Cudi enlists the help of paranormal professionals.
754	Kill la Kill	Kill la Kill	Action	7.0	After 6 years since their collaboration on the ground breaking anime series, ‘Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann,' Hiroyuki Imaishi and Kazuki Nakashima are back to shock the world! Ryuko Matoi is a vagrant school girl traveling from place to place searching for clues to the truth behind her father's death—the ‘woman with the scissor blade.' The journey has led Ryuko to Honnouji Academy.
755	Freaks and Geeks	Freaks and Geeks	Drama	9.1	"Freaks and Geeks," the Emmy® award-winning series about the trials and tribulations of high school outsiders in 1980 Michigan.
756	Not Going Out	Not Going Out	Comedy	none	Sitcom following the jokes, jibes and general misunderstandings of happy-go-lucky Lee and his friends. Starring comedian and actor Lee Mack
757	Batman: The Animated Series	Batman: The Animated Series	Action	9.0	Experience the thrills of vigilante justice as millionaire playboy Bruce Wayne and alter-ego Batman protect the streets of Gotham City from a host of villains including archnemesis The Joker, deadly-beautiful Poison Ivy and primitive Killer Croc in a fresh take on super hero storytelling. Intelligent, dramatic stories, unique characters and sharp dialog shaped this edgy TV series into an Emmy®-winning powerhouse that brought the Caped Crusader out of the dark alleys of TV history and into the present for fans of all ages.
759	Good Luck Charlie	Good Luck Charlie	Comedy	none	The series follows two teenagers, Teddy and PJ Duncan and their 10-year-old brother, Gabe whose parents enlist their help when they return to work after the birth of their fourth child, Charlotte (nicknamed "Charlie"). With their parents juggling full time careers, they pitch in, getting very familiar with baby formula, burps, clothes, and babysitting while navigating typical teenage life. In each episode, Teddy creates a personalized video diary for Charlie. Each video will chronicle Teddy's daily adventures and mishaps for Charlie to use as advice when her big sister is no longer living at home.
760	Miami Vice	Miami Vice	Drama	8.0	The cops. The cars. The clothes. Miami Vice: Season One is the explosive, groundbreaking detective show that redefined the word "cool." Set against the seamy and steamy Miami underworld, ride shotgun with suave Vice cops Sonny Crockett and Rico Tubbs as they battle a never-ending gallery of criminals. Set to an electrifying soundtrack of rock legends, including Glenn Frey, Phil Collins, U2 and Peter Gabriel, every episode crackles with excitement and stylish flair.
760	Miami Vice	Heart of Darkness	Drama	8.0	The series pilot finds Crockett and Tubbs drawn into an uneasy partnership by a common target: a drug kingpin responsible for killings that hit close to home for both men.
760	Miami Vice	Cool Runnin'	Drama	8.0	Crockett and Tubbs must rely on a big-talking small-time hustler to help them solve a series of drug-related murders.
760	Miami Vice	The Hit List	Drama	8.0	A hired killer's hastily abandoned briefcase contains an eight-name list: the first six are dead drug dealers; the eighth is Sonny Crockett.
760	Miami Vice	Calderon's Demise	Drama	8.0	The detectives trace drug kingpin Calderone to a Caribbean island, where the vengeful Tubbs gets caught up in a dangerous romance.
760	Miami Vice	One-Eyed Jack	Drama	8.0	Crockett gets set up to receive a "payoff" from a racketeer while trying to settle the gambling debt of an old friend.
760	Miami Vice	No Exit	Drama	8.0	Crockett and Tubbs form an uneasy alliance with Federal agents in the pursuit of an arms dealer looking to move ground-to-air missiles.
760	Miami Vice	The Great McCarthy	Drama	8.0	Crockett's entry fee---$25,000 provided by the department---is on the line in a speedboat competition that may be a cover for a drug pickup.
760	Miami Vice	Glades	Drama	8.0	Crockett and Tubbs wade through the Everglades after a witness who bolted from custody and must testify in 48 hours.
760	Miami Vice	Give a Little, Take a Little	Drama	8.0	In court, Crockett refuses to identify an informant and spends more time in jail than the drug dealer he's trying to bust. Meanwhile, Gina tries to nail a ruthless crime kingpin.
760	Miami Vice	Little Prince	Drama	8.0	Crockett thinks that a wealthy industrialist's son nailed in a heroin bust could lead them to bigger connections in the supply network.
760	Miami Vice	The Milk Run	Drama	8.0	Two naive New Yorkers hope for one big score running coke from Colombia to Miami.
760	Miami Vice	The Golden Triangle (1)	Drama	8.0	A series of busts leads Crockett and Tubbs to a drug-related hit that reveals a side of Castillo they've never seen before.
760	Miami Vice	The Golden Triangle (2)	Drama	8.0	A drug kingpin brings Castillo's wife---who was thought to be dead---to Miami as insurance against police interference.
760	Miami Vice	Smuggler's Blues	Drama	8.0	Crockett and Tubbs pose as drug smugglers to smoke out whoever has been killing drug dealers and their families.
760	Miami Vice	Rites of Passage	Drama	8.0	Tubbs is reunited with an old flame, an NYPD detective looking for her missing sister, while he and Crockett search for a call girl's killer.
760	Miami Vice	The Maze	Drama	8.0	Tubbs is taken hostage by a gang in an abandoned hotel, thanks to the would-be heroics of a cop trying to avenge his partner's murder.
760	Miami Vice	Made for Each Other	Drama	8.0	By day, Switek and Zito supervise a pair of jive-talking master informants; by night, they're sharing quarters with Switek's girl friend---who's also Zito's ex.
760	Miami Vice	The Home Invaders	Drama	8.0	Castillo clashes with Crockett's former mentor, who's heading an investigation into a series of burglaries.
760	Miami Vice	Nobody Lives Forever	Drama	8.0	When three drug-crazed teens go on a murderous rampage, Tubbs feels as if he's working alone---Crockett's mind is on his new love.
760	Miami Vice	Evan	Drama	8.0	An undercover Fed poses complications for a weapon sting and for Crockett, who bears a grudge for the man.
760	Miami Vice	Lombard	Drama	8.0	Crockett and Tubbs are assigned to protect a crime boss subpoenaed to testify against a rival.
760	Miami Vice	The Prodigal Son	Drama	8.0	Crockett and Tubbs pose as big dealers in the Big Apple to smoke out Colombian drug lords responsible for the deaths of Federal agents.
760	Miami Vice	Whatever Works	Drama	8.0	The ritual killings of two cops on the take lead to the priestess of a cult that deals in drugs.
760	Miami Vice	Out Where the Buses Don't Run	Drama	8.0	Crockett and Tubbs question the sanity of a retired vice cop who wants them to chase after a coke dealer long thought dead.
760	Miami Vice	The Dutch Oven	Drama	8.0	Trudy is torn between love and duty when she learns that her lover's friend is connected to a big-time cocaine dealer.
760	Miami Vice	Buddies	Drama	8.0	Crockett learns that an old friend is connected to organized crime---a tie that may block the cops' attempt to prevent the murder of a young mother and her baby.
760	Miami Vice	Junk Love	Drama	8.0	Crockett and Tubbs' connection to a major smuggler is a young woman who acts like his girl though she claims to hate him, and whose drug habit may blow the bust.
760	Miami Vice	Tale of the Goat	Drama	8.0	Tubbs infiltrates a criminal voodoo cult whose leader has returned from Haiti---and apparently the grave---to collect an old debt.
760	Miami Vice	Bushido	Drama	8.0	Castillo is contacted by a former associate who's on the run from both the CIA and the KGB.
762	The Big C	The Big C	Comedy	none	Golden Globe winner Laura Linney gives the performance of her career in The Big C: hereafter, a special Limited Series Event. Now more than ever, Cathy is up to the challenge of living every day as if it were her last.
765	Teen Titans	Teen Titans	Action	7.7	Five teen superheroes led by Robin the Boy Wonder team up to protect Earth from a new generation of villains. His partners are Starfire, an alien who can fly; Cyborg, a half-human, half-robot with great strength; Raven, an introvert with telekinetic powers; and Beast Boy, who can change into any ki.
766	Doctor Who (1963)	Doctor Who (1963)	Action	8.3	Doctor Who is the longest-running science fiction TV series in history, airing initially from 1963 to 1989. Doctor Who is about ideas. It pioneered sophisticated mixed-level storytelling. Its format was the key to its longevity: the Doctor, a mysterious traveller in space and time, travels in his ship, the TARDIS. The TARDIS can take him and his companions anywhere in time and space. Inevitably he finds evil at work wherever he goes..
766	Doctor Who (1963)	Spearhead from Space, Episode One	Action	8.3	As the newly-regenerated Doctor arrives on Earth, so does the Nestene too.
766	Doctor Who (1963)	Spearhead from Space, Episode Two	Action	8.3	UNIT's attempts to locate the meteorites are hampered by the mysterious plastic Autons, being constructed by Channing at a nearby factory, while the Doctor makes another attempt to escape from the hospital.
766	Doctor Who (1963)	Spearhead from Space, Episode Three	Action	8.3	Ransome manages to escape from the plastics factory and alert UNIT, prompting the Doctor and the Brigadier to start an investigation.
766	Doctor Who (1963)	Spearhead from Space, Episode Four	Action	8.3	With UNIT's investigation being blocked by the Replica of Scobie, the Doctor and Liz visit Madame Tussaud's to try and find out more as Channing prepares to activate the Autons.
766	Doctor Who (1963)	The Silurians, Episode One	Action	8.3	The Doctor and Liz are summoned to the Wenley Moor Research Centre by the Brigadier, after several staff members suffer nervous breakdowns.
768	Planet Earth	Planet Earth	Adventure	9.0	David Attenborough celebrates the amazing variety of the natural world in this epic documentary series, filmed over four years across 64 different countries.
769	Better Off Ted	Better Off Ted	Comedy	9.7	"Better Off Ted" is a satirical office comedy about successful good guy, Ted Crisp, who runs research and development at Veridian Dynamics, a company with a morally questionable approach to its employees. Whether it's standing by a memo with a typo that encourages employees to now (as opposed to not) use offensive language with each other, to championing interoffice dating based on DNA matching to save money on health care, Veridian is a company that puts its bottom line first and employees last. Ted's a single dad to a seven year old girl, and he loves his job, but he's starting to take a closer look at the company's extremely dubious practices.
770	Private Practice	Private Practice	Drama	8.0	From Shonda Rhimes, the Golden Globe-winning creator of "Grey's Anatomy," comes the story of a team of gifted doctors working together to change the lives of their patients for the better as they look to one another for friendship and love. The doctors of Seaside Health and Wellness work on the most difficult cases, patients whose medical needs often pose moral and ethical dilemmas. Though they may heatedly disagree at work, and their personal lives may complicate matters, at the end of the day, they are the best of friends, always ready to be there for one another.
771	Royal Pains	Royal Pains	Drama	8.0	Royal Pains centers on young doctor Hank Lawson who seems to have it all ... thriving career, beautiful girlfriend, and swank NYC apartment. With one fateful and principled decision in the ER, Hank loses it all. Months later, single and blackballed from the medical community, Hank goes for a weekend in the Hamptons with his best friend. Crashing a party at a mega-mansion on the beach, Hank jumps into action when a guest requires medical attention that only he is able to diagnose. The next morning, Hank is summoned to another mansion. And then another. Hank's career is revived, but in a way he's not exactly happy about, as he becomes the on-call doctor for the rich, famous and infamous. Anyone who's anyone in the Hamptons has a lawyer on retainer. Now meet the newest accessory - the concierge doctor.
771	Royal Pains	Rebound	Drama	8.0	Hank helps a TV host who is off her game and takes a big step in his personal life. When Evan and Paige buy a new home and get some unexpected news, they learn the next chapter in their lives will be filled with ups and downs. Divya gets more than she bargained for when she saves the life of a young skateboarder on the street, and Boris offers Evan an exciting career opportunity.
771	Royal Pains	False Start	Drama	8.0	Hank treats a rookie triathlete who encourages him to try triathlons - and online dating - for himself. Evan and Paige temporarily move into the guesthouse with Hank, and Evan reveals a startling part of his past. Meanwhile, after last week's shocking ending, Jeremiah gets Divya out of a jam and helps her keep things in perspective when a sensationalized video of her starts to spread.
771	Royal Pains	Playing Doctor	Drama	8.0	An intense Hollywood method actor (guest star Ed Weeks) wants to shadow Hank to prepare for his next role. Divya performs a genetic test on a royal patient who doesn't want to play by the rules. And Evan accidentally takes his new motto of transparency at Hamptons Heritage a step too far, while Paige learns to put her plans aside and embrace chaos during a home renovation project.
771	Royal Pains	The Prince of Nucleotides	Drama	8.0	Hank treats a transgender teenager and learns her life is more complicated than he expected. Evan and Jeremiah host a gala fundraiser for the Center for Rare & Orphan Diseases and Jeremiah makes a major purchase for the lab. Meanwhile Paige and Evan's journey to parenthood takes an unexpected turn, and Divya grows closer to Prince Quami.
771	Royal Pains	Voices Carry	Drama	8.0	Hank goes to Manhattan with Olympia, but their time away together isn't exactly what he expected. Evan fears Boris is keeping a secret from him within the hospital, and a surprise visitor from her past leads Divya to feel overwhelmed by the men in her life. Paige is eager for her home renovations to be finished and is shocked when she discovers the reason for the delay.
771	Royal Pains	Secret Asian Man	Drama	8.0	Keller calls Hank for help when he suffers an embarrassing medical problem, but Hank believes Keller's new girlfriend may be affecting his health in more ways than one. Divya treats a group of Civil War reenactors who seem to be suffering from a disease more likely to afflict their ancestors. And Evan worries he may be in over his head when he gets roped into a secret project with Boris.
771	Royal Pains	Lama Trauma	Drama	8.0	Hank helps Boris prep a secret patient for surgery as Evan tries to chase a bad omen out of the hospital. Meanwhile an offer from Quami leads Divya to make a major decision about her personal life.
771	Royal Pains	Lending a Shoulder	Drama	8.0	Hank has an epiphany after running into his former fiancé; Evan and Paige help Elán through her labor; and Divya envisions a new future for her career and family.
772	Cold Case	Cold Case	Drama	10.0	Cold Case is a drama about Lilly Rush, an enigmatic and highly effective detective on the Philadelphia Homicide Squad. Rush's instinctive understanding of the criminal mind and her singular passion for uncovering the truth makes her the perfect fit for investigating cold cases, yester-crimes that have remained unsolved - some only a few months old, others going back decades. Rush and her team use their wits to take on aging evidence and witnesses with buried secrets, uncovering fresh clues, digging into old wounds and doggedly pursuing the truth.
773	Medium	Medium	Drama	9.7	In this haunting drama series from executive producer Glenn Gordon Caron ("Moonlighting") inspired by real life research medium Allison DuBois, Patricia Arquette ("Stigmata," "Flirting with Disaster") stars as a strong-willed mother of three who has struggled since childhood to make sense of her visions of dead people. Hoping to prove to Allison that her dreams are stress induced, her scientist husband, Joe (Jake Weber, "U-571"), sends descriptions of Allison's visions to a number of law enforcement agencies, expecting nothing to come of it. To his surprise, one of Allison's dreams bears an eerie similarity to a Texas homicide case involving a 17-year-old murder suspect. The case pits Allison against Capt. Kenneth Push (guest star Arliss Howard), a cynical Texas Ranger who is suspicious of her psychic abilities. By the end of the investigation, Capt. Push has a new respect for Allison - and she makes a life-altering decision of her own. Miguel Sandoval stars as series regular D.A. Devalos. Sofia Vassilieva and Maria Lark also star as the DuBois children.
774	The Cleveland Show	The Cleveland Show	Comedy	7.0	Everyone's favorite soft-spoken neighbor, Cleveland Brown, is on the move after he decides it's time for him and Cleveland Jr. to leave Quahog and go west. On their way to California, the duo makes a pit stop in Cleveland's hometown of Stoolbend, VA, where he reunites with his old high school crush, Donna Tubbs. Although she comes with baggage in the form of a rebellious teenage daughter and a sharp-tongued 5-year-old son, Cleveland is still in love with Donna and is determined to start a new lif.
775	The Closer	The Closer	Drama	9.0	TNT's record-breaking series returns one last time to bring its extraordinary seven-year run to an end. Emmy(R) winner Kyra Sedgwick stars as Los Angeles Deputy Police Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson, whose impeccable investigative and interrogation skills have resulted in countless confessions and convictions.
776	The O.C.	The O.C.	Drama	8.0	A slick hit about a troubled L.A. teen taken in by an idealistic lawyer and his family in affluent Orange County. The series filled the youth-soap hole left by the departed '90210,' but quickly proved itself far more gritty---and witty. In addition, early plots set up an appealing balance between the kids and grown-ups, who were portrayed as real people with real problems, instead of sounding boards for the unblemished Romeos and Juliets.
777	Hannah Montana	Hannah Montana	Comedy	none	A pop singer moves to Malibu, Cal., where she keeps her celebrity status under wraps as she tries to maintain some semblance of a 'normal' life among her new schoolmates.
778	Army Wives	Army Wives	Drama	none	"Army Wives" follows the struggles, dreams and friendships of a diverse group of women—and one man—living with their spouses and families on an active Army post.
779	Brothers & Sisters	Brothers & Sisters	Drama	none	"Brothers & Sisters" is a one-hour hit drama that follows the California-based Walker family through the complicated maze of American life today. It revolves around a collection of enmeshed and somewhat damaged adult siblings and their strong but passionately devoted mother, Nora Walker. The Walkers' lives have not been without challenge. Romance, parenting, illness, divorce, infidelity, addiction, war and even death have pushed them to the limit. But they continue to work toward living their lives as individuals, while loving each other unconditionally and trying to maintain some semblance of normalcy.
780	Flashpoint	Flashpoint	Action	9.0	Flashpoint is a drama which depicts the emotional journey into the tough, risk-filled lives of a group of cops in the SRU (inspired by Toronto's Emergency Task Force). It's a unique unit that rescues hostages, busts gangs, defuses bombs, climbs the sides of buildings and talks down suicidal teens. Members of a highly-skilled tactical team, they're also trained in negotiating, profiling and getting inside the suspect's head to diffuse the situation to try and save lives.
781	Friday Night Lights	Friday Night Lights	Drama	9.3	In the town of Dillon, Texas, football is life, and no one knows that better than new head Coach Eric Taylor (Kyle Chandler). Pressure mounts as the Dillon Panthers, led by star quarterback Jason Street (Scott Porter), enter pre-season surrounded by a swirl of press, recruiters, and State Championship sized expectations. Backup quarterback Matt Saracen (Zach Gilford) prepares to ride the bench in the shadow of Jason Street, as running back Tim Riggins (Taylor Kitsch) struggles with a serious vice. As the season opener grows near, the town of Dillon is focused on what they believe to be most important, winning.
782	Gunsmoke	Gunsmoke	Western	none	Marshall Matt Dillon is responsible for keeping the law and respectability in Dodge City in this western action-drama. Gunsmoke captured the courage, character and spirit of the Western Frontier.
785	Body Of Proof	Body Of Proof	Drama	8.3	Dr. Megan Hunt (Dana Delany) is in a class of her own, a brilliant and world-renowned neurosurgeon at the top of her game, although success and notoriety have cost her her marriage and her relationship with her 12-year-old daughter. Then Megan's world is turned upside down by a devastating car accident that puts an end to her career as a surgeon. Broken but determined, with her love of medicine intact but a lack of feeling in her hands, Megan is pointed in the only direction she can turn, to a career as a medical examiner. Now a committed advocate for the dead, Megan solves the mysteries of their deaths while telling the stories of their lives.
786	Law & Order: Criminal Intent	Law & Order: Criminal Intent	Drama	9.5	"In New York City's war on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad. These are their stories.""Law & Order: Criminal Intent", produced by Wolf Films and Universal Cable Productions, created and executive produced by Emmy Award-winning producer Dick Wolf, was developed by René Balcer. Shot entirely in and around New York City, the third installment of the "Law & Order" franchise takes viewers deep into the minds of its criminals while following the intense psychological approaches the Major Case Squad uses to solve its crimes. The plot revolves around Detectives Robert Goren (Vincent D'Onofrio) and Alexandra Eames (Kathryn Erbe)."Law & Order: Criminal Intent" is a Wolf Films production in association with Universal Cable Productions.
786	Law & Order: Criminal Intent	Maledictus	Drama	9.5	Detectives Goren and Eames are investigating the case of a beheaded woman whose body has disappeared. They discover that the victim is the American-raised daughter of a Russian mafioso. At first, they suspect that she was murdered after announcing plans to write a revealing book about growing up in a criminal family, and thugs planned a gangland hit to kill her, but evidently someone beat them to it.
787	The Twilight Zone	The Twilight Zone	Horror	9.3	A groundbreaking series by Rod Serling, this half-hour anthology featured tales of the strange, the macabre, and the unusual. Some were science fiction, some were supernatural, and some defied easy categorization.This five-season series is best known for its twist endings. Many of the stories were written by Serling himself, others were crafted by Richard Matheson, Charles Beaumont, Earl Hammer Jr., and Ray Bradbury,
787	The Twilight Zone	I Shot an Arrow into the Air	Horror	9.3	Earth's first manned spaceship, Arrow One, disappears on its maiden flight. The three surviving crewmen fight for survival on a barren asteroid with no hope of rescue, and one of them takes any steps necessary to live.
787	The Twilight Zone	The Hitch-Hiker	Horror	9.3	A woman on a cross-country road trip is haunted by a mysterious hitchhiker who she can't avoid no matter how far she travels.
787	The Twilight Zone	The Fever	Horror	9.3	A determined anti-gambler gives in to temptation during a trip to Las Vegas and gambles away his life's savings on a one-armed bandit that seems to bear him a grudge.
787	The Twilight Zone	The Last Flight	Horror	9.3	A World War I pilot lands at a modern-day Air Force base, and discovers he must try and find his way back to his own time and right a wrong.
787	The Twilight Zone	The Purple Testament	Horror	9.3	A World War II soldier in the Pacific gains the uncanny ability to see a glow in the faces of those who will soon die.
787	The Twilight Zone	Elegy	Horror	9.3	Three lost astronauts find themselves on an asteroid surrounded by lifeless tableaus of people from the early 20th century.
787	The Twilight Zone	Mirror Image	Horror	9.3	A woman at a bus stop finds herself haunted by a mysterious figure: herself.
787	The Twilight Zone	The Monsters are Due on Maple Street	Horror	9.3	Panic breaks out in a suburban neighborhood when the power goes out, and all contact with the outside world is lost. The people begin to suspect each other of being alien invaders out to conquer the planet.
787	The Twilight Zone	A World of Difference	Horror	9.3	A businessman discovers that he's been transported into a world where he is an actor and his life is a movie set. Now he has to get back before the set is torn down.
787	The Twilight Zone	Long Live Walter Jameson	Horror	9.3	A college professor suspects that his colleague, a Civil War expert, is much older than he appears.
787	The Twilight Zone	People Are Alike All Over	Horror	9.3	Two astronauts crash on Mars, and the survivor meets with the Martians... and discovers that people are alike all over.
787	The Twilight Zone	Execution	Horror	9.3	A scientist brings a condemned outlaw from the 19th century to his lab via a time travel machine, but soon discovers that he's in over his head.
787	The Twilight Zone	The Big Tall Wish	Horror	9.3	A young boy wishes that his hero, a washed-up boxer, could win one last fight... and he does.
787	The Twilight Zone	A Nice Place to Visit	Horror	9.3	A punk criminal is gunned down by the police... and a mysterious white-suited Mr. Pip welcomes him to the afterlife and gives him everything that he wants.
789	Merlin	Merlin	Adventure	7.9	Fantasy drama based on the legend of King Arthur and Merlin.
790	The Unit	The Unit	Drama	9.6	The Unit is a covert Special Forces team that does not exist. Their cover is the 303rd logistical studies group. They are assigned covert military operations by the President and never get credit for their actions. Their wives are also a tight group protecting their husbands. They protect their husband's secrets and maintain their cover.
790	The Unit	First Responders	Drama	9.6	The Unit is a covert team of U.S. Special Forces operatives who must undertake missions around the world. The latest newcomer is Bob Brown who joins Jonas' team and they set out to rescue an airliner filled with European businessmen who have been hijacked by terrorists. Meanwhile, Bob's wife Kim is struggling with how much control the Unit has on her own personal life.
790	The Unit	Stress	Drama	9.6	The team, minus Bob, are in search of a fallen Chinese satellite. This quickly turns into an opportunity to capture one of the world's most wanted terrorists. Meanwhile, Bob is questioned about the Unit's role in the rescue of the hijacked plane. Molly decides to visit the Unit's psychiatrist about the shooting at her home. Kim is frustrating about moving and then comforts a woman who has just learned her husband has died in combat.
790	The Unit	200th Hour	Drama	9.6	Jonas attempts to rescue a group of American missionaries in hiding in Indonesia. However, he soon realizes the mission is going to take more manpower then he expected. At the base, Mac ends up being shot by Bob during a training exercise and Molly, Kim and Tiffy prepare to host a visiting senator.
790	The Unit	True Believers	Drama	9.6	The Unit is sent to Los Angeles to protect Mexico's drug minister who has been threatened with assassination and soon his wife and sons are kidnapped. At the base, a former Unit wife makes a return appearance in the hopes of luring the Unit members away. Tiffy is upset when Ryan orders Mack to take time off.
790	The Unit	Non Permissive Environment	Drama	9.6	Jonas and the team carry out an assasination of a terrorist in Spain. However, they soon find out that the government called off the mission and will now not protect them in the country which means there only hope is to escape. Back at the base, Molly learns that her daughter Betsy wants to drop out of college and Kim thinks about taking a college course herself.
790	The Unit	Security	Drama	9.6	The Unit must try to get a listening device to an agent inside the Iranian embassy where U.S., Iranian, and Russian diplomats are meeting. Many are speculating that the Russians are attempting to sell the Iranians material to make a nuclear weapon. Meanwhile at the base, Tom tries to end his affair with Tiffy but she won't listen to him and Kim notices Tiffy at a motel room and does not know what she should do.
790	The Unit	Dedication	Drama	9.6	The crew must fly to Afghanistan to assassinate a high ranking member of the Taliban. However, one of their team helicopters ends up going down in enemy territory, placing the entire crew in jeopardy. Back at the base, Molly confronts a friend and retired Unit veteran about his addiction to painkillers and Kim ends up getting a job at the local radio station.
790	The Unit	SERE	Drama	9.6	The Unit enters the SERE (Survival, Evasion, Resistance Escape) training course and they are lead to believe that they will be guards. The group is soon shocked to discover that they are actually the POWs for an undetermined amount of time.
790	The Unit	Eating The Young	Drama	9.6	After an effort to buy the surface-to-air missiles from a drug lord falls through and the missiles disappear, Jonas and his team must track down the weapons before they are taken out of the country. Jonas bonds with a local boy who directs the team to where the SAMs have been taken to be shipped and now it is in the Unit's hands to destroy them. Meanwhile on the home front, Kim stirs up more trouble when she insists that the "Family Readiness Group" deals with more serious issues, and Williams struggles with how and when to tell the woman he wants to marry that he is a Unit member and not a clerk on base.
790	The Unit	Unannounced	Drama	9.6	After Bob gets his cover blown in Africa, he tells Jonas to cancel a visit a dignitary is taking to the area because of the danger. However, the official refuses and something shocking is quickly learned about why he really wants to go there. Meanwhile, Kim has an encounter while at the radio station and Molly gets offered a real estate opportunity.
790	The Unit	Exposure	Drama	9.6	Keith Soto returns to the base for a reunion and it's quickly discovered by Jonas and Col. Tom Ryan that he is a newspaper reporter who is writing an article that will expose the Unit. Jonas decides there is only one way to get him to not print the story. Meanwhile, with some help from Tiffy and Kim, Molly tracks down the woman who scammed $40,000 of the women's investment fund.
790	The Unit	Morale, Welfare and Recreation	Drama	9.6	The Unit is called in to consult on a bomb planted in an Atlanta bank, but they soon learn that the bomb might be nuclear. Meanwhile, Bob and Kim decide to take a much needed vacation, but Kim soon discovers that Bob has whisked her away on a mission and wants her to help him out.
790	The Unit	The Wall	Drama	9.6	The Unit ends up detaining a former Yugoslav general who was wanted for war crimes and then allows lets the U.N. take credit for their capture. However, the criminal soon escapes U.N. custody and he is now seeking retaliation against Jonas for capturing him. Meanwhile at the base, Tiffy is convinced that Mack has decided to re-up with the Unit and she's thinking of divorcing him, and Kim is the recipient of some disturbing news.
791	Misfits	Misfits	Drama	7.2	When five young outsiders on Community Service get caught in a strange storm, they discover that they have developed superpowers.
791	Misfits	Episode 1	Drama	7.2	Five young adolescents begin community service under the watchful eye of their probation officer when a freak storm strikes them, granting them supernatural abilities.
791	Misfits	Episode 2	Drama	7.2	Nathan discovers that other people were affected by the storm and fears for his mother. Someone appears to know about the gang's secret agenda.
791	Misfits	Episode 3	Drama	7.2	Alisha struggles to cope with her power when she grows closer to Curtis. Simon learns that the bodies may soon be discovered.
791	Misfits	Episode 5	Drama	7.2	Simon is torn when Sally starts seducing him to learn the truth about Tony. Nathan is obsessed with a lost child.
791	Misfits	Episode 6	Drama	7.2	A group called Virtue appears to be brainwashing local teens into leading drink and drug free lives. It is led by a girl called Rachel who acquired the power of suggestion after the storm. However she also seems to be using her powers to gain a more sinister control over people's lives. With the rest of the misfits in her power or out of action,only Nathan,temporarily helped by a person known as Super-Hoodie,stands against her. Infiltrating the community centre,which has become Virtue's headquarters, Nathan fights Rachel on the roof and both fall off. Rachel is killed...
791	Misfits	Episode 1	Drama	7.2	Nathan,whose special power is immortality,has been buried alive but he is rescued after a mysterious masked and hooded figure sends Kelly a paper dart reading 'Go To His Grave'. Shaun,a new probation officer,laid back to the point of boredom,arrives and takes the group to help at an art therapy class for the emotionally disturbed where Simon meets Lucy,with whom he was once in a psychiatric unit. She is a shape-shifter,who morphs into each group member to tell them that Simon killed Sally,hoping he will be put back in the unit with her. However,since she loves him,she...
791	Misfits	Episode 2	Drama	7.2	Nathan is approached by the tattooed,denim-clad Jamie,who claims to be his half-brother,conceived out of wedlock. He has recently found out and,to punish their no-good father Mike,has him tied up in the boot of his car. After the boys retrieve the car which gets stolen and rescue their dad Jamie and the misfits go to a club where pill-popping seems to reverse their powers and Curtis has a vision of a girl falling from a high roof. The mysterious hoodie reappears and Simon trails him to a flat block but when he and the others break in they find the girl who featured in...
791	Misfits	Episode 3	Drama	7.2	Curtis goes to visit the rooftop girl,who is on a breathing machine whilst Alisha is rescued from muggers by the Super Hoodie,who,in fact,turns out to resemble Simon. He is actually a Simon of the future as the current Simon has not yet fully developed his powers. The Superhoodie does thwart Vince,a tattooist who tries to stab Curtis by playing on the tattooist's nut allergy. Future Simon shows Alisha a video also from the future in which the misfits have become famous but he swears her to secrecy about it and about his identity as the Super Hoodie. Nathan and Kelly ...
791	Misfits	Episode 4	Drama	7.2	The group is joined by Ollie,an environmental protester with the ability to teleport,but not for long,as they are attacked by gun-toting car driver Tim,who believes he is in a video game and the misfits are characters at whom he must shoot,which he does,killing Ollie. At least Ollie's heart is donated to Nikki,the sickly roof-top girl,which,to her surprise,allows her to teleport also though she agrees to date Curtis. But mad Tim returns,abducting Kelly,and demanding money for her release. By working out in which game Tim believes himself to be,the misfits can stay ...
791	Misfits	Episode 5	Drama	7.2	Having walked in on charity worker Jessica getting changed, Nathan finds that the lights have gone out and he has been 'killed' again. He and the other misfits are certain that the murderer is Jessica and attempt to warn Simon,who has become her boyfriend. Simon,however,is not convinced,despite the fact that another boy has been killed and his body disappeared. After Simon and Jessica have had sex he is subjected to a murderous attack but saved by Alisha. Curtis and Nikki also get it together whilst Kelly has a strange encounter with Bruno,who is not what he seems. ...
791	Misfits	Episode 6	Drama	7.2	Brian,another youngster hit by the storm,develops the power to control dairy products,and,to impress a would-be girlfriend,goes public with his special ability,being known as Milkman. This leads the misfits - despite reluctance from Simon - to also go public and,with a manager Laura to promote them,they become famous as the Asbo Five. Pushed onto the side-lines Milkman becomes murderously resentful and takes to killing innocent by-standers as well as setting a trap to put paid to his celebrity rivals. Curtis will have to bring his special powers into play to save his ...
791	Misfits	Christmas Special	Drama	7.2	The week before Christmas, and the gang see some graffiti that offers 'Money for Powers'. At the address advertised they meet Seth, a drug dealer who was also struck in the storm and now has the ability to deal powers. Also a man who can walk on water and claiming to be Jesus attracts the media and Simon vows to kill him.
794	Power Rangers	Power Rangers	Action	none	"Power Rangers Dino Charge" is a long-running American children's television series adapted from the Japanese tokusatsu Super Sentai Series. A team of five high school students are selected by Zordon to battle evil. Using martial arts, special weapons, and gigantic robots called "Zords", they protect their city Angel Grove from monsters and witches.
794	Power Rangers	When Logic Fails	Action	none	Working with Fury, Puzzler captures the Dino Charge Rangers until Riley's logical mind helps them break free. But the delay has allowed Fury time to head toward the Ptera Zord.
794	Power Rangers	The Royal Rangers	Action	none	When the Rangers find the Gold Energem among royal treasure, they decide to impersonate a Prince and Princess to trap Fury and regain control of the powerful Ptera Zord.
794	Power Rangers	Break Out	Action	none	Koda and the Rangers fight to save an arrogant Prince and the Gold Energem from Fury.
794	Power Rangers	Knight After Knights	Action	none	The Rangers must prove themselves worthy to win over their newest ally, the Gold Ranger; one of Sledge's monsters steals the Rangers' courage.
794	Power Rangers	Sync or Swim	Action	none	Tyler and Ivan's rivalry becomes a problem when it interferes with the Rangers' efforts to find and defuse a bomb that Sledge's monsters have planted.
795	Jericho	Jericho	Drama	8.5	JERICHO is a drama about what happens in the aftermath of a nuclear explosion in the once peaceful town of Jericho. Following the battle with New Bern, the citizens of Jericho begin reconstruction efforts to restore the town's power and communication with the outside world. As the country's new leaders, the Cheyenne government, attempt to establish their stronghold in the region, Jericho's citizens become suspicious of their new leaders and question why their community is so important to this newly formed government.
796	Ugly Betty	Ugly Betty	Drama	8.0	Smart but wholesome Betty embraces her unique appearance and independent attitude in the cutthroat world of New York fashion. It's amazing how Betty can stay true to herself, no matter how much drama the fashionistas throw her way. With the help of her proud yet far-from-glamorous family from Queens, Betty will continue to have big dreams and deal with any obstacle in her own unique style.
797	Rescue Me	Rescue Me	Drama	10.0	Tommy Gavin (Denis Leary) is a lifesaver. Whether he is pulling survivors from fiery high-rise infernos or the twisted steel of a subway collision, Gavin takes great pride in leading the heroic but often overwhelmed firefighters of New York City's Truck Company 62. Gavin is also a man drifting between sorrow and anger over a recent separation from his wife (Andrea Roth) and three kids, and recurring memories of comrades and other New Yorkers who fell victim to the tragedy of 9/11.
799	7th Heaven	7th Heaven	Drama	none	Reverend Eric Camden (Stephen Collins) and his wife Annie (Catherine Hicks) have always had their hands full caring for seven children, not to mention the friends, sweethearts and spouses that continually come and go in the Camden household. This year, Eric and Annie will find their family back together in Glenoak with the return of Matt and Simon. As is often the case when the house is overflowing with Camdens, Eric and Annie are in for a bumpy ride as their children take landmark steps in their lives. Meanwhile, Eric and Annie continue their journey as soul mates, parents and grandparents whose love and respect for each other brings them ever closer. Through all the ups and downs, Eric and Annie have managed to keep their romance alive and their family together. Not only are they raising their own seven children, they've picked up several additional family members along the way.
800	Kyle XY	Kyle XY	Drama	8.1	KYLE XY is an incredible mystery about a teenager with no past. The series tells the surprising journey of Kyle (Dallas), a 16 year-old teenage savant who is missing instinctive human behavior such as anger, joy and love, and the family who found him. After coming out of the woods and found walking into traffic, Kyle is sent to a youth detention center where he comes into contact with his first experience of eating food and human interaction: not all of it friendly. At the center they realize that Kyle is not like any ordinary teenager, especially once they find that he is missing his belly-button. With questions of 'Who is this kid?' and 'Where did he come from?' psychologist Nicole Trager (MacIntyre) is called in to help get some much needed answers.
802	WWE Monday Night RAW	WWE Monday Night RAW	Drama	none	WWE Monday Night Raw is World Wrestling Entertainment's (formerly the WWF and the WWWF before that) premiere wrestling event and brand. Since its launch in 1993, WWE Monday Night Raw continues to air live on Monday nights. Raw is generally seen as the company's flagship program due to its prolific history, high ratings, weekly live format, and emphasis on pay-per-views. Monday Night Raw is high profile enough to attract frequent visits from celebrities who usually serve as guest hosts for a single live event. Since its first episode, Raw has now been broadcast live, or recorded from, 197 different arenas in 165 cities and towns in seven different nations: including the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom twice a year, Afghanistan for a special Tribute to the Troops, Germany, Japan, and Italy. The show will be recorded in Mexico for the first time in October 2011.
802	WWE Monday Night RAW	Main Event: Sting vs. The Big Show (FedExForum, Memphis, TN)	Drama	none	The season premier episode of WWE Monday Night RAW is loaded with great matches & a lot of surprises live from the FedExForum, Memphis, TN!The MIZ interviews the Wyatt Family on MIZ TVThe scheduled matches for tonight's card are as follows:The WWE World Tag Team Champions The New Day defend their titles vs. the former Champions The Prime Time PlayersThe WWE Divas Champion Nikki Bella defends her Championship vs. Charlotte (Charlotte's Dad Ric Flair will be in attendance)John Cena vs. Mr. Money in the Bank SheamusMain Event:The Icon Sting vs. The Big Show
803	WWE SmackDown!	WWE SmackDown!	Drama	1.0	The super heroes of wrestling have a new home: WWE SmackDown has arrived on Syfy. The program, which debuted more than 10 years ago, is one of the longest-running weekly episodic shows on television.Featuring a star-studded cast of WWE Superstars and Divas, WWE SmackDown delivers a shot of adrenaline to Syfy's lineup and brings fans over-the-top action, feats of athleticism beyond the reach of mortal men, and WWE's special brand of drama. Larger-than-life personalities like Big Show, Bray Wyatt, Brock Lesnar, Dean Ambrose, Dolph Ziggler, John Cena, Kane, Neville, Randy Orton, Roman Reigns, Ryback, Seth Rollins, Sheamus, The Bella Twins among others, are set to deliver their explosive power to Syfy's Friday night lineup and remind viewers that it takes more than muscle to Imagine Greater.
803	WWE SmackDown!	Main event: Dean Ambrose vs. WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins (Toledo, OH)	Drama	1.0	The following matches have been scheduled for tonight's card at the Huntington Center in Toledo, Ohio.Mr. Money in the Bank Sheamus vs. Dolph Ziggler Alicia Fox vs. Naomi Intercontinental Champion Ryback vs. Kane The Lucha Dragons & the WWE Tag-team Champion Prime Time Players vs. Bo Dallas and all 3-members of the New DayMain event: Dean Ambrose vs. WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins
803	WWE SmackDown!	Main event: Roman Reigns vs. the WWE Heavyweight Champion of the World Seth Rollins (Hershey, PA)	Drama	1.0	The following matches have been scheduled for tonight's card at the GIANT Center in Hershey, Pennsylvania.Bray Wyatt vs. Dean AmbroseAdam Rose vs. R-TruthMark Henry vs. The Intercontinental Champion RybackBrie Bella vs. NaomiThe Ascension vs. the WWE Tag-team Champions the Primetime PlayersMain Event:Roman Reigns vs. the WWE Heavyweight Champion of the World Seth Rollins
803	WWE SmackDown!	Main event: the Intercontinental champion Ryback vs. the WWE World Heavyweight champion Seth Rollins (Milwaukee, WI)	Drama	1.0	The following matches have been scheduled for tonight's card at the BMO Harris Bradley Center in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.Fandango vs. RusevBig Show vs. Roman ReignsBig E vs. ½ of the WWE Tag-team champions Titus O'NeilAlicia Fox & Brie Bella vs. Naomi & Tamina SnukaMain event: the Intercontinental champion Ryback vs. the WWE World Heavyweight champion Seth Rollins (Milwaukee, WI)
803	WWE SmackDown!	Main event: Dean Ambrose & Roman Reigns vs. Sheamus & the Big Show (Birmingham, AL)	Drama	1.0	The New Day vs. the Lucha DragonsKing Barrett vs. Jack SwaggerCesaro vs. RusevNeville vs. StardustMain event:Dean Ambrose & Roman Reigns vs. Sheamus & the Big Show
803	WWE SmackDown!	Main event: WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins vs. Cesaro (Lincoln, NE)	Drama	1.0	Dean Ambrose vs. Mr. Money in the Bank SheamusAdam Rose vs. NevilleKevin Owens vs. RusevThe Bella Twins vs. Sasha Banks & Naomi (Team BAD)Main event: WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins vs. Cesaro
803	WWE SmackDown!	Main event: Cesaro & Dean Ambrose vs. Kevin Owens & the WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins (Tulsa, OK)	Drama	1.0	The following matches have been scheduled for tonight's card at the BOK Center in Tulsa, Oklahoma.Cesaro vs. the WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins8-man tag team match: The Ascension & The New Day vs. Los Matadores & The Lucha DragonsRusev vs. Jack SwaggerStardust vs. R-TruthMain event:Cesaro & Dean Ambrose vs. Kevin Owens & the WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins
803	WWE SmackDown!	Main event: Roman Reigns vs. Rusev (Sacramento, CA)	Drama	1.0	The following matches have been scheduled for tonight's card at the Sleep Train Arena in Sacramento, California. WWE Tag Team Champions The Prime Time Players & Mark Henry vs. The New DayCharlotte vs. NaomiTeam B.A.D. vs. The Submission Sorority (PCB)Stardust vs. Zack RyderMain event: Roman Reigns vs. Rusev
803	WWE SmackDown!	Main event: WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins & Kevin Owens vs. Cesaro & Neville (Portland, OR)	Drama	1.0	The following matches have been scheduled for tonight's card at the Moda Center in Portland, Oregon.Charlotte vs. Naomi Roman Reigns vs. Luke HarperThe WWE Tag-team Champions the Prime Time Players vs. The New Day (non-title match)Main event: WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins & Kevin Owens vs. Cesaro & Neville
803	WWE SmackDown!	Main event: Dean Ambrose, Cesaro, Randy Orton & Roman Reigns vs. Bray Wyatt, Luke Harper, Sheamus & Kevin Owens (Green Bay, WI)	Drama	1.0	Tonight WWE Smackdown comes from Green Bay Wisconsin. The matches scheduled for tonight's card are as follows:The Big Show vs. RybackThe New Day vs. Los Matadores & El ToritoBecky Lynch vs. Brie Bella vs. Sasha Banks in a 3-way matchMain Event:Dean Ambrose, Cesaro, Randy Orton & Roman Reigns vs. Bray Wyatt, Luke Harper, Sheamus & Kevin OwensThis is the final televisied card prior to the 2015 SummerSlam PPV this Sunday!
803	WWE SmackDown!	Main event: Dean Ambrose vs. Sheamus (Providence, RI)	Drama	1.0	Tonight WWE Smackdown comes from Providence, Rhode Island. The scheduled matches are as follows:The Dudleys vs. The AscensionNeville vs. Kevin OwensThe Bella Twins vs. Becky Lynch & CharlotteDolph Ziggler & Ryback vs. the Big Show & RusevMain event: Dean Ambrose vs. Sheamus
803	WWE SmackDown!	Main Event: Dean Ambrose & Roman Reigns vs. WWE Tag Team Champions The New Day (Miami, FL)	Drama	1.0	Tonight WWE Smackdown comes from Miami, Florida. The scheduled matches are as follows:The Dudley Boyz (Bubba Ray & D-Von Dudley) vs. The Prime Time Players (Darren Young & Titus O'Neil)Sheamus vs. CesaroR-Truth vs. Bo DallasTamina w/ Team B.A.D. vs. Charlotte w/ Team PCBMain Event: Dean Ambrose & Roman Reigns vs. the WWE Tag Team Champions The New Day (Kofi Kingston & Big E) w/Xavier Woods
803	WWE SmackDown!	Main Event: WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins vs. The Intercontinental Champion Ryback in a Lumberjack Match (Wilkes-Barre, PA)	Drama	1.0	Tonight WWE Smackdown comes from Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. The scheduled matches are as follows:Cesaro vs. The MizPaige vs. Sasha BanksThe New Day vs. Roman Reigns, Dean Ambrose & Jimmy UsoThe Ascension vs. The Lucha DragonsMain Event:WWE World Heavyweight Champion & U.S. Champion Seth Rollins vs. The Intercontinental Champion Ryback in a Lumberjack Match
803	WWE SmackDown!	Main Event: Roman Reigns & Dean Ambrose vs. Seth Rollins & Sheamus (Little Rock, AR)	Drama	1.0	Tonight WWE Smackdown comes from Little Rock, Arkansas. The scheduled matches are as follows:Dolph Ziggler vs. Kevin OwensBig Show vs. CesaroSasha Banks & Naomi vs. Paige & Becky LynchDevon Dudley vs. Kofi KingstonMain Event: Roman Reigns & Dean Ambrose vs. the WWE World Heavyweight Champion & U.S. Champion Seth Rollins & Mr. Money in the Bank Sheamus
803	WWE SmackDown!	Main Event: Dean Ambrose vs. the WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins (Corpus Christi, TX)	Drama	1.0	Tonight WWE Smackdown comes from Corpus Christi, Texas. The scheduled matches are as follows:Roman Reigns vs. Luke HarperThe WWE Tag team Champions the New Day vs. The Lucha Dragons & NevilleBo Dallas vs. CesaroDolph Zigler & Ryback vs. Rusev & the new Intercontinental Champion Kevin OwensMain Event: Dean Ambrose vs. the WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins (non-title match)
803	WWE SmackDown!	(Albany, NY)	Drama	1.0	Tonight WWE Smackdown comes from Albany, New York. The scheduled matches are as follows:Matches for tonight's card are still pending contract signings.
803	WWE SmackDown!	(Philadelphia, PA)	Drama	1.0	Tonight WWE Smackdown comes from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The scheduled matches are as follows:Matches for tonight's card are still pending contract signings.
803	WWE SmackDown!	(Cincinnati, OH)	Drama	1.0	Tonight WWE Smackdown comes from Cincinnati, Ohio. The scheduled matches are as follows:Matches for tonight's card are still pending contract signings.
803	WWE SmackDown!	(Austin, TX)	Drama	1.0	Tonight WWE Smackdown comes from Austin, Texas. The scheduled matches are as follows:Matches for tonight's card are still pending contract signings.
803	WWE SmackDown!	(Phoenix, AZ)	Drama	1.0	Tonight WWE Smackdown comes from Phoenix, Arizona. The scheduled matches are as follows:Matches for tonight's card are still pending contract signings.
803	WWE SmackDown!	(Colorado Springs, CO)	Drama	1.0	Tonight WWE Smackdown comes from Colorado Springs, Colorado. The scheduled matches are as follows:Matches for tonight's card are still pending contract signings.
803	WWE SmackDown!	(Manchester, England, U.K.)	Drama	1.0	Tonight WWE Smackdown comes from Manchester, England, United Kingdom. The scheduled matches are as follows:Matches for tonight's card are still pending contract signings.
803	WWE SmackDown!	(Knoxville, TN)	Drama	1.0	Tonight WWE Smackdown comes from Knoxville, Tennessee. The scheduled matches are as follows:Matches for tonight's card are still pending contract signings.
803	WWE SmackDown!	Thanksgiving Special (Indianapolis, IN)	Drama	1.0	Tonight WWE Smackdown comes from Indianapolis, Indiana. The scheduled matches are as follows:Matches for tonight's card are still pending contract signings.
804	Strike Back	Strike Back	Action	8.7	Strike Back is a British/American action and military television series, based on a novel of the same name by novelist and former Special Air Service (SAS) soldier Chris Ryan. The series follows the actions of Section 20, a secretive branch of the British Defence Intelligence service (DI), who operate several high risk, priority missions throughout the globe. Executive producer Andy Harries gained hold of the novel and pitched a television adaption to Sky, even though he had not read it. Sky commissioned the series as part of a £10 million commitment to adapt novels into original dramas following the successes of adapting Terry Pratchett's Discworld novels. Following Cinemax's participation from the second series, the series faced a re-imagining due to the absence of first series lead Richard Armitage, who was at the time filming The Hobbit in New Zealand. Before filming several cast me
804	Strike Back	Iraq - Part One	Action	8.7	Still haunted by the memory of a disastrous Special Forces mission which he led in 2003, John Porter is given an opportunity to redeem himself by returning to Iraq to rescue a kidnapped TV reporter.
804	Strike Back	Iraq - Part Two	Action	8.7	After locating the terrorist safe house Katie is being held in, Porter is also taken prisoner, and Hugh Collinson and a team at Section 20 have to act quickly before it is too late.
804	Strike Back	Zimbabwe - Part 1	Action	8.7	Collinson sends Porter undercover to Zimbabwe on a mission to break a former British soldier who was involved in a political assassination out of a high-security Harare jail.
804	Strike Back	Zimbabwe - Part 2	Action	8.7	Porter and Masuku become the hunted as a bushman tracker leads the relentless Zimbabwean authorities after them, and Layla Thompson becomes increasingly aware of the tension that exists between Porter and Collinson.
804	Strike Back	Afghanistan - Part 1	Action	8.7	When a hacker interferes with air support causing a British missile to hit American forces, Porter is assigned the mission to find the man responsible, a former guidance engineer who was dismissed from the army. However, Porter is kidnapped and taken to a Taliban camp.
804	Strike Back	Afghanistan - Part 2	Action	8.7	Porter's life is in danger when he finds himself trapped in a rebels' base in Pakistan. When he manages to escape, he learns that Hugh Collinson, the man he blames for the fatal hostage extraction of 2003, has arrived in Afghanistan to meet him for a final showdown.
804	Strike Back	Project Dawn, Episode 1	Action	8.7	British sergeant Michael Stonebridge recruits help from Ex-Delta Force operative Damien Scott when Section 20 agent John Porter is kidnapped by a Pakistani terrorist. The two then uncover clues to a possible terrorist attack at a New Delhi hotel and race to foil it.
804	Strike Back	Project Dawn, Episode 2	Action	8.7	Scott and Stonebridge discover that the terrorists in the hotel are searching for Mahmood. Grant learns that Latif's real goal is to capture a Pakistani chemical scientist who worked with the weapons inspection team in Iraq in 2003.
804	Strike Back	Project Dawn, Episode 3	Action	8.7	Stonebridge, Scott, and Marshall stake out a trio of suspects in South Africa who might have some information about Latif. Ex-IRA leader, Daniel Connolly heists an armored truck in Cape Town.
804	Strike Back	Project Dawn, Episode 4	Action	8.7	At a remote facility outside Cape Town, Connolly closes in on his WMD prize, while Stonebridge and Scott are faced with dilemmas that could have far-reaching implications on their organization - and on the thread that connects them to Latif.
804	Strike Back	Project Dawn, Episode 5	Action	8.7	Stonebridge and Scott pose as aides for arms dealer Gerald Crawford to negotiate the release of hostage, Dr. Clare Somersby.
804	Strike Back	Project Dawn, Episode 6	Action	8.7	The first attempt to rescue Clare ends with Scott in the hospital and Stonebridge in pursuit with Crawford and Jacoub. Tahir takes Clare to a Janjaweed camp. Soldiers look for Scott at the hospital. Grant threatens Maggie about her story.
804	Strike Back	Project Dawn, Episode 7	Action	8.7	Stonebridge and Scott go to Kosovo to exchange a prisoner for kidnapped European Union officials.
804	Strike Back	Project Dawn, Episode 8	Action	8.7	Scott and Stonebridge are held captive with the four EU hostages in the wilderness of Kosovo. Hasani plans to sell Dana as a sex slave, and Allen, the double agent who has been providing information to Latif.
804	Strike Back	Project Dawn, Episode 9	Action	8.7	The boys are called away after MI5 team traced Latif to Chechen rebels country hideout, which turns out to be an abandoned vast Soviet area tunnel complex. They go in with support from Georgian commandos, which are eliminated by explosives. Latif escapes with some cahoots, who were screened for surgery. Some turn up in Budapest, where a world security summit is held, carrying the neuro-toxin and sophisticated bomb found in the tunnels. Damien also found indications of foul play since his Iraq set-up army booting.
804	Strike Back	Project Dawn, Episode 10	Action	8.7	Latif is finally in Section 20's clutches. The team frantically tries to discover the bombers' target and for that they need Latif to talk. Scott and Stonebridge go after the bombers. Latif's henchmen attack Section 20 command.
804	Strike Back	Vengeance, Episode 1	Action	8.7	Damian Scott is sent to Mogadishu, Somalia to rescue British diplomats after they are kidnapped by warlord Huseyin Waabri. Meanwhile Michael Stonebridge adapts to his new career outside Section 20.
804	Strike Back	Vengeance, Episode 2	Action	8.7	Scott learns that one of the hostages is a high-ranking military intelligence operative and that Waabri is planning to sell nuclear devices in South Africa.
804	Strike Back	Vengeance, Episode 3	Action	8.7	Scott and Stonebridge track down a radical Islamic cleric in order to recover the nuclear devices, but are sidetracked by a CIA air strike and hostile locals.
804	Strike Back	Vengeance, Episode 4	Action	8.7	Scott and Stonebridge prepare for an attack by Al Qaeda while holed up in an Algerian farmhouse with the nomad leader and the wounded courier. Meanwhile, back at headquarters, Dalton is called on the carpet for her relationship with the courier.
804	Strike Back	Vengeance, Episode 5	Action	8.7	The trail of the missing nuclear triggers leads to Cape Town, South Africa, where kidnappers abduct the children of an expatriate munitions expert to force him to cooperate.
804	Strike Back	Vengeance, Episode 6	Action	8.7	Stonebridge seeks revenge on Craig Hanson after he turns up in Cape Town, South Africa. Meanwhile, Scott reconnects with a Mossad agent who's been following their case, but with a different set of orders; Knox hustles Evans to a secret installation and explains how he intends to turn his country into a world power.
804	Strike Back	Vengeance, Episode 7	Action	8.7	Knox extricates a political leader from a Zimbabwe prison, and the unit tries to catch up with the escapee by tracking his activist daughter.
804	Strike Back	Vengeance, Episode 8	Action	8.7	Community unrest plagues South Africa and Zimbabwe following Lutulu's shooting. Stonebridge questions the shooter, while Scott, Lilian and Lutulu are on the run from assassins. Knox and his new ally make a new plan.
804	Strike Back	Vengeance, Episode 9	Action	8.7	Knox plans on unloading nuclear bombs into politically unstable African nations, while Matlock reveals why he joined Knox.
804	Strike Back	Vengeance, Episode 10	Action	8.7	In order to stop Knox, Scott comes to Bryant for assistance. Meanwhile Stonebridge has trouble focusing on the mission as he is bent on revenge. Section 20 get assistance from South African police to stop Knox's plot.
804	Strike Back	Shadow Warfare: Episode 1	Action	8.7	Enjoying a long-deserved vacation, Scott and Stonebridge are recalled after a fellow Section 20 member dies while pursuing the elusive terrorist al-Zuhari in Beirut. A new lead sends them into the remote jungles of Colombia in pursuit of a known associate of al-Zuhari's and deep in territory controlled by a powerful drug cartel.
804	Strike Back	Shadow Warfare: Episode 2	Action	8.7	Out of options and hunted by the resourceful cartel, Section 20 goes for a longshot and attempts an assault in downtown Bogota, hoping to obtain intel on one of al-Zuhari's key people. Meanwhile, Dalton looks for the source that exposed her team in Beirut, but discovers a surprising ally and a piece of al-Zuhari's plan.
804	Strike Back	Shadow Warfare: Episode 3	Action	8.7	Although they are uncertain of others' loyalties, the team must work with an asset in Beirut to get a lead on James Leatherby, a dangerous and unpredictable operative with ties to al-Zuhari.
804	Strike Back	Shadow Warfare: Episode 4	Action	8.7	Section 20 attempts a risky rescue for a potential new ally. Now veering close to the edge, but determined to find the truth, Dalton goes AWOL with a detainee.
804	Strike Back	Shadow Warfare: Episode 5	Action	8.7	While recovering from a shocking turn of events, Section 20 faces a different threat: a new enemy joining forces with an old one. Locke draws Kamali in closer to the team. Scott looks for an old friend, while Stonebridge gets closer to a new one.
804	Strike Back	Shadow Warfare: Episode 6	Action	8.7	Section 20 is torn between devoting their resources to the mission or saving one of their own. Stonebridge's health continues to affect him in the field. Al-Zuhari's network moves forward quickly, striking close. Kamali explains why yet another threat is emerging.
804	Strike Back	Shadow Warfare: Episode 7	Action	8.7	The team tracks stolen property to Russia, where Scott and Stonebridge continue their side careers as "outlaws." As Stonebridge's health continues to deteriorate, they discover new mysteries about a piece of Al-Zuhari's plan. Kamali worries that his cover identity may not hold.
804	Strike Back	Shadow Warfare: Episode 8	Action	8.7	Scott looks for an escape from Black Bear Prison, while Locke becomes suspicious of Kamali. The team races to locate Stonebridge, whose condition grows more dire when he encounters Al-Zuhari's plan firsthand. Continuing his vendetta, Ulyanov closes in on Scott and Stonebridge.
804	Strike Back	Shadow Warfare: Episode 9	Action	8.7	Scott and Stonebridge try to keep their promise to protect Ester; Richmond and Martinez follow an Al-Zuhari associate; the team sets out to stop an infiltrator before he reaches a populated area.
804	Strike Back	Shadow Warfare: Episode 10	Action	8.7	Scott and Stonebridge face a new pivotal player in Al-Zuhari's plan, and with an imminent attack looming, the team resorts to questionable measures, sparking conflict within the unit.
804	Strike Back	Legacy: Episode 1	Action	8.7	The daughter of Thailand's British ambassador is kidnapped, so Stonebridge, Scott and the rest of the team sign up for another do-or-die trying adventure.
804	Strike Back	Legacy: Episode 2	Action	8.7	Section 20 try to track down the real culprits behind the embassy attack, starting with getting information from gangster Ray McQueen.
804	Strike Back	Legacy: Episode 3	Action	8.7	Locke works out that his long-time friend is working with the dangerous Yakuza and Office 39. Scott needs protect his son after they find themselves enemy fire.
804	Strike Back	Legacy: Episode 4	Action	8.7	Scott has a serious talk with his son whilst the rest of Section 20 form an uneasy alliance with a couple of CIA mercenaries as they go after Shiro and Mei Foster.
804	Strike Back	Legacy: Episode 5	Action	8.7	The action comes thick and fast as Section 20 super soldiers Scott and Stonebridge risk war (and family) to destroy the stolen Vanadium.
804	Strike Back	Legacy: Episode 6	Action	8.7	Scott and Stonebridge make a major mistake and fall into the clutches of North Korean agent Li-Na, leaving Locke having to defy orders to get them out.
804	Strike Back	Legacy: Episode 7	Action	8.7	The battle with Li-Na moves to Europe as Section 20 try to get back on her trail. Locke gets a chance to confront his nemesis.
804	Strike Back	Legacy: Episode 8	Action	8.7	When Section 20 discovers that Li-Na is mounting a nuclear attack, Locke neglects the mission in order to avenge the murder of his son.
804	Strike Back	Legacy: Episode 9	Action	8.7	It's all-out action as Locke defies Whitehall to take super soldiers Scott and Stonebridge on mission to stop Li-Na attacking the UN HQ in Geneva.
804	Strike Back	Legacy: Episode 10	Action	8.7	The high-octane drama concludes in spectacular style.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Kitchen Nightmares	Cooking	none	Chef Gordon Ramsay of HELL'S KITCHEN fame is back, and this time he's hitting the road, exposing restaurants that are barely staying afloat.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Peter's	Cooking	none	Chef Gordon Ramsay of HELL'S KITCHEN fame is back, and this time he's hitting the road, exposing restaurants that are barely staying afloat. This week, Ramsay visits a small, family-run Italian restaurant in Babylon, NY. He's faced with a hot-tempered Godfather wannabe, Peter, who is driving his family crazy and the business into the ground. See if Peter can survive the wrath of Chef Ramsay when he comes to take over the restaurant.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Dillons	Cooking	none	Chef Gordon Ramsay is hitting the big city in an attempt to revamp Indian restaurant Dillons and make it one of the hottest venues in town. Only steps away from Ramsay's own New York restaurant, he quickly changes things inside and out, in preparation for a grand reopening celebration.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	The Mixing Bowl	Cooking	none	Gordon visits The Mixing Bowl, a small restaurant in Bellmore, NY. With the owner in the kitchen and an inexperienced manager running the front of the house, things are going downhill fast. And with coupons and special discounts being this restaurant's specialty, it's no wonder they aren't making money. Gordon has to make some major changes to keep "The Mixing Bowl" afloat.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Seascape	Cooking	none	Gordon visits Islip, NY, where a mother-son team is running their beloved family restaurant, Seascape, into the ground. A hard-headed chef, mixed with an inexperienced general manager, is a recipe for disaster. Gordon needs to make some serious changes if this restaurant is going to last through dinner service, and if the employees can't take the heat, they'll be kicked out of the kitchen.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Olde Stone Mill	Cooking	none	Chef Gordon Ramsay takes a trip to Tuckahoe, NY, to help turn around The Olde Stone Mill, where restaurant owner Dean and his wife have poured their lives into renovating, but the service and food are horrible. Chef Ramsay and the owner clash when it comes to making changes.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Sebastian's	Cooking	none	Chef Gordon Ramsay visits Burbank, CA, restaurant Sebastian's, which is in a state of pure chaos. Between the wait staff trying to put on a show in hopes of landing an acting gig in Hollywood, and the owner's dreams of franchising his restaurant, they've forgotten what's really important. Gordon goes head-to-head with owner Sebastian when he attempts to turn the complicated menu into a more diner-friendly version and get rid of frozen food once and for all. Will Sebastian let Chef Ramsay make the changes that he wants, or will he chase him out of the restaurant? Chef Ramsay takes on "Sebastian's" .
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Finn McCool's	Cooking	none	Chef Gordon Ramsay takes a trip to West Hampton, NY, where a family-run restaurant, Finn McCool's, is in serious financial trouble. Retired dad Buddy poured all of his life savings into running this restaurant and has never cashed a paycheck. His son Brian, who serves as head chef, doesn't respect his father or his job, and is currently making everyone unhappy - including the customers. Chef Ramsay needs to make some serious changes that could affect this family forever.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Lela's	Cooking	none	Chef Gordon Ramsay visits Pomona, CA, to try to rev up business for Lela's, an upscale restaurant in desperate need of clientele. When Gordon gets in the kitchen and starts criticizing the menu items, the executive chef is less than thrilled and they have a showdown in front of the entire staff. Find out if the changes stick and if Lela stands for this type of behavior in her restaurant .
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Campania	Cooking	none	Chef Gordon Ramsay heads to Fair Lawn, NJ, to visit Campania, an Italian restaurant that's losing more money than it's making. With the wait staff hanging out in the kitchen as if it were a high school cafeteria, food rarely hits customers' tables. Serious changes are needed or this restaurant will be forced to close its doors for good. With Gordon's changes in place, they have a grand reopening, but just when everything seems to be going smoothly, the cops crash the party.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Secret Garden	Cooking	none	Chef Gordon Ramsay visits Secret Garden in Moorpark, CA, to help French chef and owner Michel try to put his restaurant back on the map. When Gordon arrives, the restaurant is deserted and the décor reminds him of a frilly palace. Michel does not want to accept Gordon's changes, which leads to an all-out screaming match and Gordon storming out of the restaurant. Will Gordon return to get Secret Garden through dinner service, or will Michel be on his own?
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Revisited: Gordon Returns	Cooking	none	Head Chef Gordon Ramsay revisits the kitchens of six restaurants that were once on the verge of disaster. A year ago, these failing businesses were about to close their doors due to rough financial times and uncertainty about the future. They required the expertise of Ramsay, who stepped in to make some immediate changes. With a dramatic facelift that altered the menu, décor and mission of each establishment, owners and staff members were finally able to taste success. But have these newly-positive reputations proven to be permanent? Can these restaurants pull themselves out of their former nightmares and into money-making dreams? Or is it time to turn off the grill and hang up the aprons?
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Handlebar	Cooking	none	Chef Gordon Ramsay pays a visit to the Handlebar Restaurant and Lounge in Mt. Sinai, NY, with hopes of fulfilling a couple's dream to serve good food to good company. In what seems to be a flashback from the 1980s, owners Bill and Carolyn LeRoy are in denial of the restaurant's outdated décor and head chef's lack of passion. Will Gordon get through to hot-headed Bill and be able to turn this restaurant around?
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Giuseppi's	Cooking	none	Chef Gordon Ramsay visits Giuseppi's, a family-run Italian restaurant in Macomb Twp, MI, that's in absolute turmoil. A father-son team runs the kitchen and are constantly at each other's throat. All the tension is hindering the health of dad who suffers from diabetes. With a chaotic atmosphere in the kitchen and the lack of clientele, this family needs Gordon's help or else they are going to be forced to close their doors forever. To help ignite the passion and fun back into the restaurant, Gordon orders the father-son team have a cook-off and the winner's dish becomes a special. To help with the relaunch, Giuseppi's hosts the first ever bowl-a-thon to support diabetes and spread the word about the new restaurant. Will the new specials and spreading the word be enough to entice customers into the restaurant and get Giuseppi's back on its feet?
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Trobiano's	Cooking	none	Chef Gordon Ramsay visits Trobiano's, an Italian restaurant in Great Neck, NY, that's a half-million dollars in debt. Owner and Executive Chef Anthony Trobiano's girlfriend's parents have thrown their life savings into his restaurant and the failing business has their relationship on the rocks. He needs Gordon's help to turn his business around and help mend his relationship with girlfriend Tiffany. However, when Chef Ramsay confronts Anthony about the cleanliness of the kitchen and the not-so-tasty food, it leads to an all-out confrontation and Chef Ramsay walks out. Bon Appétit magazine has a reservation for re-launch night, so both the front of the house and the kitchen must be ready to impress. Will the family and Gordon be able to get back on track and help this nightmare end?
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Black Pearl	Cooking	none	Black Pearl, a seafood restaurant in New York, NY, is struggling to get out of debt and has turned to Chef Gordon Ramsay for help. With three different owners running the kitchen, the restaurant lacks consistency in both food and service. The staff is frustrated by the lack of direction, which leads to chaos and miscommunication during dinner service and leaves everyone frustrated. David, one of the owners, is referred to by the staff as a "know-it-all," is resistant to change and questions Gordon on his every move. As the re-launch quickly approaches, David still doesn't believe in any of the changes Gordon has tried to instill which leads to an all-out brawl. Tune in to find out how this episode unfolds and to see the most shocking results ever seen on the show that leave Gordon speechless.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	J Willy's	Cooking	none	The owners of J Willy's Bar & Grille in South Bend, IN, are in $1.2 million in debt and have called in Chef Gordon Ramsay in hopes that he can help give them a fresh start. With no one running the kitchen, most of the fare is straight from the freezer or out of a can. To start fresh, Gordon challenges the staff to spend the night cleaning out the kitchen and throwing away all the rotten food lurking in the coolers. The next morning, Gordon brings in fresh ingredients and teaches the cooks how to make various dishes that will be featured at that night's dinner service. However, when the inexperienced cooks get flustered, the kitchen spirals out of control and brings one customer to tears. Find out if Gordon will be able to bring the restaurant up to his standards or if J Willy's will be forced to close their doors forever.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Hannah & Mason's	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay is called to the quaint little town of Cranbury, NJ, to help two friends who bought Hannah & Mason's, a French bistro they used to work in. Both owners and the 23-year-old manager lack experience and passion, creating a recipe for disaster. When Gordon finds out that many of the staff's paychecks bounce week after week he knows he has to make some major changes to keep this restaurant afloat. However, during Valentine's Day dinner service, he stumbles upon the grossest, most disgusting, most appalling thing he's ever seen in a kitchen cooler and is forced to shut the restaurant down on their busiest night of the year. Will Chef Ramsay be able to get through to the inexperienced, lazy owners or will he be forced to crush their dreams.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Jack's Waterfront	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits St. Clair Shores, MI, where three local body builders have taken over Jack's Waterfront, a popular spot for boaters during the summer months. However, with the imitation seafood and lack of management, this restaurant is slowly going under. With the owners and head chef willing to take Gordon's advice, they hope to turn the restaurant around so that it will prosper year-round. However, things start to flounder when the general manager cares more about drinking and socializing with the clientele than keeping the restaurant in business. Will the body builders be able to command this ship or will Jack's Waterfront sink.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Sabatiello's	Cooking	none	Sammy, the owner of Sabatiello's in Stamford, CT, is in debt over $1 million when he calls upon Chef Ramsay to help get customers back in his restaurant and money in his pocket. Noted in local newspaper reviews is Sammy's hot-temper and lack of customer service, which does not bode well for a family eatery. When Gordon starts criticizing the food, especially his mother's lasagna recipe, and the kitchen staff starts turning against Sammy, his temper flares out of control and he shuts the restaurant down himself! Will Sammy be able to reconcile with Gordon and his staff or will his doors stay closed forever? .
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Fiesta Sunrise	Cooking	none	Fiesta Sunrise, a family-run Mexican eatery in West Nyack, NY, is in major financial trouble and needs Chef Ramsay's help to get them back in business. Vic is the hard-headed, stubborn stepdad who is running the restaurant into the ground. Yolanda and her daughter Patti are hoping that a good stern talk from Gordon will be enough for Vic to face the facts. When Gordon arrives and finds unsanitary conditions, spoiled food and cockroaches in the kitchen, he shuts the restaurant down before they can even begin to talk about change. Will Gordon be able to get the party started again for Fiesta Sunrise or will the sun set on this restaurant forever.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Sante La Brea	Cooking	none	Los Angeles is famous for movie stars, glamorous places and healthy lifestyles. Sante La Brea is a restaurant that touts itself as a place for healthy food in a fun atmosphere. However, when Chef Ramsay visits, he finds quite the opposite. Spoiled ingredients, fake seafood and lack of customers are leaving restaurant owner Dean in major financial trouble. Aside from the finances not being up to par, the staff is disrespectful to Dean and doesn't listen to anything he says. Gordon tries to teach Dean how to lead his brigade through a dinner service, but when things get heated, the cops show up and leave everyone speechless. Will Sante La Brea be able to bounce back and join the Hollywood elite or will they be forced under.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Cafe 36	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits La Grange, IL, where loving husband and wife Terry and Carol are in desperate need of some guidance when it comes to running their restaurant. Two years ago, Terry decided to make his dream a reality by buying Café 36, an upscale French/American Bistro. However, with little-to-no restaurant experience, the undertaking has proven to be a bit difficult. With a lack of clientele and a head chef who doesn't care about quality control, this place is losing money. Chef Ramsay has a tough job ahead of him and is forced to give Terry and Carol a harsh reality check or else this couple will have to close their doors.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Hot Potato Café	Cooking	none	Philadelphia is known as "The City of Brotherly Love," but one restaurant, the Hot Potato Cafe, is tearing a family apart. Passion, motivation and spirit fueled the restaurant when it was founded two years ago, but all of these mandatory ingredients are now in short supply. Chef Ramsay is in disbelief at what he witnesses at the cafe, and once the poor attitudes of the owners are mixed in, Ramsay does something he has never done before. Can Chef Ramsay find a way to help the Hot Potato Cafe survive? .
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Flamangos	Cooking	none	When Chef Ramsay visits Flamangos in Whitehouse Station, NJ, he feels like he's stepped back in time and into the rainforest. This family-run restaurant is in desperate need of a total overhaul, and with one of the owners stuck in the past and resistant to change, it's nearly impossible for Ramsay to make any improvements. After working with the employees on new décor, a new menu and even a new name, the owner remains skeptical and decides it might be best just to shut the doors forever. Will Chef Ramsay be able to change the owners' minds and help them turn their restaurant around, or will they just throw in the towel? .
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Bazzini	Cooking	none	Chef Gordon Ramsay takes on Bazzini Café, an Italian restaurant in Ridgewood, NJ, that struggles with slow service, poorly crafted dishes, a lackluster sous chef and a disappointing head chef. Even after Ramsay's suggested fixes, the environment in the kitchen is mayhem, forcing Chef Ramsay take charge during prime dining hours while Head Chef Paul Bazzini takes a backseat.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Mojito's	Cooking	none	Kata and Marcelo thought they were living a fairytale life when the newlywed couple moved to Brooklyn, NY to pursue their shared dream of opening Mojito's, a Cuban restaurant. Seven years later, their marriage is in ruins and their restaurant isn't far behind. Can Chef Ramsay step in and save the only thing the ex-lovers have left?
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Lido Di Manhattan Beach	Cooking	none	Chef Gordon Ramsay attempts to revitalize Lido di Manhattan Beach, a failing Italian restaurant in Manhattan Beach, CA, but upon entering the kitchen, he's so disgusted that he shuts the restaurant down. Owner Lisa is a business school graduate who took over the restaurant at age 23 without any prior experience in the food service industry. When Gordon gives Lisa the cold, hard truth about what could happen, she realizes she must institute his drastic changes in order to protect her investment.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Le Bistro	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay travels to sunny South Florida, where he encounters a dreary situation. Le Bistro, a small French restaurant, is barely surviving, and the head chef, Andy, has no idea why. He doesn't believe there is anything wrong with the food, service or dining experience. When Chef Ramsay finds out that he and Chef Andy share similar culinary training, he is in disbelief. Can Ramsay cook up a plan that will get through to the stubborn chef and revive this sinking ship?
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Casa Roma	Cooking	none	Casa Roma, a Lancaster, CA, family-owned Italian eatery, packs in the customers at the bar, but the restaurant stays empty nearly every night. With a clueless kitchen staff, outdated décor and inexperienced owners, Casa Roma is going to be one tough job for Chef Ramsay. The visit gets off to a bad start when the food for Ramsay's taste test takes over an hour and he falls asleep in the booth! Will this family get their act together or will Ramsay be forced to take drastic measures?
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Mama Rita's	Cooking	none	Chef Gordon Ramsay visits Mama Rita's, a struggling Mexican restaurant in Newbury Park, CA. Owner Laura dreams of honoring her grandmother's cooking legacy, but finds the transition from a successful catering business to restaurant ownership challenging. With a chaotic atmosphere in the kitchen and a lack of leadership from management, this restaurant faces foreclosure if Gordon is unable to help Laura's cooking staff add some spice back into their business. In order to make real change, Laura is faced with a difficult choice between saving a friendship and saving her restaurant. Will her decision, along with a surprise gift from Gordon, be enough to entice customers back into the restaurant?
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Anna Vincenzo's	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits Anna Vincenzo's in Boca Raton, FL, a family-run restaurant whose owner/chef, CeCe, is extremely resistant to change. Frustrated by the fact that CeCe won't listen to anything he has to say, Gordon walks out the door. Later that evening during a disastrous dinner service, food keeps getting returned. When a showdown erupts in the kitchen, this time it's CeCe who quits. Find out if these sparring partners can call a truce.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Revisited #2	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay pays a visit to Sante La Brea and Giuseppi's, two California eateries he helped during the first season of KITCHEN NIGHTMARES, to see how the restaurants are fairing and if his recommendations are being followed. Ramsay also recaps his most memorable kitchen fights.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Fleming	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits Fleming, a once-popular Danish restaurant in Miami, FL, where a husband-wife team are in desperate need of help. With a stubborn owner who is in denial about reality and resistant to change with the times, the establishment is now barely surviving. After Chef Ramsay sees what's lurking in the cooler, he is forced to shut down the restaurant in the middle of dinner service. Find out if Ramsay will be able to make the much-needed major changes, or if the eatery will be forced to close its doors forever.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Sushi Ko	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits Sushi Ko, a family-owned restaurant in Thousand Oaks, CA. Owner Akira began his career at the high-profile eatery, and after working his way up to owner, he decided to open another location that hasn't been successful. With the restaurant struggling and Akira in tremendous debt, he has lost his passion for cooking, and it has caused major problems in the family dynamic. Will Ramsay be able to get Akira back into the kitchen, or will the family lose everything they've worked so hard for?
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Revisited #1	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay pays a visit to kitchens past to see if the owners have implemented his changes to help their businesses thrive. Ramsay is in for a surprise when he drops in on Handlebar, Casa Roma and the most memorable establishment yet, Black Pearl.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Spanish Pavillion	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits Spanish Pavillion in Harrison, NJ, a family-run business established in 1976 whose owners, brothers Michael and Jerry, have allowed their differences to compromise the quality of the restaurant. With a head chef consistently absent from the kitchen and an unhappy staff, Chef Ramsay is determined to transform the outdated ambiance and menu in order to keep the family business afloat. Eager to witness dinner service, Ramsay is shocked to see both owners spend more time engaging in heated arguments than paying attention to the raw meals being served to the diners. Later, Ramsay gives the dining room and the menu a modern makeover with a Spanish flair and encourages the brothers to put their differences aside in order to preserve the family legacy. Find out if the restaurant's makeover will encourage the brothers to work together, or if their old habits and tempers will be too much for the family business to handle.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Classic American	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits Classic American in suburban West Babylon, NY, a restaurant struggling to make ends meet with mounting debt and whose two inexperienced owners are fighting to keep their American dream alive. Owners Colleen and Naomi, former waitresses at Classic American, purchased the restaurant years ago, but their lack of business experience proves to be too much for the business to handle. Chef Ramsay has his hands full with a disorganized staff and a disappointing menu, but after observing dinner service, he realizes the restaurant's problems are rooted in the lack of leadership and communication in the kitchen. In the most emotional KITCHEN NIGHTMARES episode to date, Chef Ramsay is forced to stage an intervention with the staff and help the restaurant find its way with a modern spin on classic American fare.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	PJ's Steakhouse	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits PJ's Steakhouse in Queens, NY, determined to breathe new life and energy into the establishment. Husband-and-wife owners Joe and Maralyn have given up their home and belongings in order to preserve the memory of Joe's beloved brother, PJ, but the restaurant's inconsistent food, lackluster service, and uncooperative chef may prove to be too much a labor of love. Ramsay steps in to evaluate the restaurant's hospitality and food quality, but he makes startling discoveries within the restaurant's operations that force him to make tough changes. He gives the owners and chef one last chance to turn things around, but will a revamped menu and fresh professional outlook be enough to save PJ's Steakhouse?
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Grasshopper Also	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits Carlstadt, NJ, restaurant Grasshopper Also. Find out if Chef Ramsay will be able to turn the restaurant around or if it will be forced to close its doors forever.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Davide	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits Davide, a restaurant in Boston, MA. Find out if he will be able to turn the restaurant around or if it will be forced to close its doors forever.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Downcity	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits DownCity, a restaurant in Providence, RI. Find out if his attempt to turn the restaurant around will be enough to keep its doors open.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Café Tavolini	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay's next restaurant project is Café Tavolini in Bridgeport, CT. Find out if his experience and expertise will help transform the eatery into a success or if Café Tavolini will have to shut its doors.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Kingston Café	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits Kingston Café in Pasadena, CA. Will Chef Ramsay be able to turn the restaurant around and help the owners keep their business open? Find out if this restaurant can be saved.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	La Frite	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits La Frite in Sherman Oaks, CA. Find out if his efforts to turn the restaurant around will be enough to keep the its doors open.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Zeke's	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay heads to New Orleans, LA, to help transform Zeke's Restaurant. Will he be able to breathe new life and add some spice into this Southern eatery?
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Oceana	Cooking	none	In the season finale of KITCHEN NIGHTMARES, has Chef Ramsay met his match? The culinary master visits another restaurant struggling to keep its doors open. Find out if Ramsay can help pull the establishment from the brink of failure.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Blackberry's	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits Plainfield, New Jersey, determined to breathe new life and energy into Blackberry's Catering and Family Restaurant. Disappointed by the lackluster service and underwhelming food quality, Chef Ramsay forces the owners to take a long, hard look at their restaurant and gives them one last chance to turn things around. Find out if Chef Ramsay's advice and guidance will be enough to save this family restaurant.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Leone's	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits Leone's Restaurant, a family-owned Italian eatery in Montclair, NJ. Find out if Chef Ramsay's advice and expertise can help keep the restaurant from sinking or if the restaurant's woes will be too much for even Chef Ramsay to handle.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Mike & Nellie's	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits Mike & Nellie's in Oakhurst, New Jersey. Find out if Chef Ramsay's advice and expertise can help keep the restaurant from sinking or if the restaurant's woes will be too much for even Chef Ramsay to handle.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Luigi's	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits Luigi's, an eatery in Anaheim, CA, on the brink of closing its doors for good. Find out if Chef Ramsay's advice and expertise will be enough for the restaurant owners to reverse their misfortunes or if their problems are too dire for even Chef Ramsay to handle.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Burger Kitchen (1)	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay pays a visit to Burger Kitchen in Los Angeles in order to revamp the bland menu and to revive the tired establishment with a fresh look and a renewed vibe fit for the hip Hollywood crowd. To Chef Ramsay's shock and disappointment, the restaurant's menu offerings failed to live up to Los Angeles' burger standards, and the inconsistent and uncooperative service puts him over the edge. Find out if Chef Ramsay is able to turn the restaurant's luck around when his effort to transform the eatery reaches a dramatic and emotional standstill.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Burger Kitchen (2)	Cooking	none	Tempers flare and emotions run high as Chef Ramsay continues his attempt to transform Los Angeles' Burger Kitchen into a successful burger establishment. Dissatisfied with the restaurant's progress in the kitchen and lackluster customer service, Chef Ramsay will stop at nothing until the menu and staff meet his standards of quality. Will Chef Ramsay's effort to revamp the restaurant be enough to create a unique and memorable dining experience at Burger Kitchen? .
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Greek at The Harbor	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits Ventura Harbor, CA, determined to breathe new life and energy into Greek at the Harbor, but the restaurant's inconsistent food, lackluster service, and uncooperative staff may prove to be too much even for him. He gives the owners and chef one last chance to turn things around, but will a revamped menu and renewed outlook be enough to keep Greek at the Harbor afloat? .
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Michon's	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay heads to the Peach state eatery Michon's Smoked Meats & Seafood restaurant for a much needed update. Find out if Chef Ramsay's advice and guidance will be enough to keep this establishment in College Park, GA, open.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	El Greco	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay heads to the lone star state to give Austin, Texas eatery El Greco a much-needed update that would still maintain family-held traditions. Dismayed by the careless treatment of traditional Greek cuisine and sub-par service, Chef Ramsay must intervene before the restaurant owners are forced to shut El Greco's doors for good. Find out if Chef Ramsay's advice and guidance will be enough to keep this establishment open.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Park's Edge	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits Atlanta, GA, to help the owners of contemporary American restaurant Park's Edge refresh their menu and service. Although the owners of Park's Edge take pride in their diverse menu and innovative dining experience, Chef Ramsay is shocked by the restaurant's lack of cohesiveness in the kitchen, inattentive service and disorganized management. Find out if Chef Ramsay's advice will be enough to help the restaurant regain its elegance and stylish flair.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Spin A Yarn	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits Fremont, CA, to help out 50-year-old steakhouse and banquet center Spin-A-Yarn. Despite the restaurant's rich history as an old-time hideaway and meeting place, the restaurant's bland menu and outdated decor are long overdue for visual and culinary makeover. Shocked by the restaurant's inconsistent service and disorganized kitchen staff, Chef Ramsay is put to the test to give the steakhouse a refreshed menu and ambience. Find out if Chef Ramsay succeeds in updating the restaurant's image or if it will remain stuck in its old ways.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Charlie's	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits Charlie's in La Verne, CA to help the owners of the Italian bistro refresh its outdated look and update the menu's bland and unoriginal options. Displeased by the wishy-washy service, unappetizing dishes and old-fashioned ambiance, Chef Ramsay has his work cut out for him to turn the restaurant's luck around. Find out if Chef Ramsay can infuse the restaurant with authentic Italian elegance or if the restaurant's woes are too much for even Chef Ramsay to tackle.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Café Hon	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay heads to Baltimore, MD, and immediately has his hands full when he visits Café Hon, a Southern Comfort eatery in need not only of a restaurant renovation but also a public image makeover. The owner of Café Hon has come under fire from the city of Baltimore for trademarking the word "Hon," a term of endearment for Baltimore culture. Find out if the restaurant revamp and renewed public image will be enough to win back the city of Baltimore and revive its tradition of southern comfort cooking.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Chiarella's	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits the "City of Brotherly Love" to check in on family-owned Italian restaurant Chiarella's. Although the Philadelphia eatery boasts over 30 years of business, Chef Ramsay is shocked by the restaurant's outdated menu, sloppy service and disorganized staff. Find out if Chef Ramsay is able to infuse the restaurant with classic Italian flair and revive its lackluster dining experience.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Zocalo	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay visits the windy city to check in on Mexican restaurant Zocalo. Although the Chicago restaurant offers a vibrant atmosphere, Chef Ramsay is shocked by the disorganized staff and lack of service. Find out if he is able to revive the restaurant.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	La Galleria 33, Part One	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay travels to Boston to visit La Galleria 33 in the first part of a special two-part episode of KITCHEN NIGHTMARES. Located in the heart of the historic North End of Boston, and run by sister-duo Rita and Lisa, this Italian restaurant has proven to be a financial disaster, spiraling these sisters into a deep state of denial. From their hostile attitudes towards their staff and customers, to the tasteless recipes they serve, Chef Ramsay realizes these owners have lost control. Find out if Ramsay can take on these stubborn sisters.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	La Galleria 33, Part Two	Cooking	none	In the second part of a two-part episode, Chef Ramsay is back in the North End of Boston, hoping to snap sisters Rita and Lisa out of their state of denial. When Ramsay forces them to confront their staff about their shortcomings and take back control of their restaurant, a full-blown feud erupts, causing one server to leave. Luckily for these sisters, Chef Ramsay has a surprise up his sleeve, but will the owners and Head Chef Doug welcome the change or continue to be set in their ways? With a total revamp of the menu, decor and attitudes, find out if Ramsay can help Rita and Lisa have the success that their parents have achieved in their own restaurant just a few doors down.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Mama Maria's	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay heads to Mama Maria's in Brooklyn. This Italian restaurant and pizzeria was passed down from mother to son more than 25 years ago, but has proven to be more of a burden than a family gem. The owner is exhausted from trying to make ends meet for his family, which in turn has taken a toll on the staff, food and overall performance of the restaurant. Chef Ramsay is disgusted to find 12 freezers filled with rancid and inedible pre-made meals and he reaches his breaking point when one diner needs an ambulance after eating a defrosted piece of seafood. When Chef Ramsay levels with this owner, he leaves him in tears. Find out if Ramsay's push was enough to wake this owner and save his family and restaurant.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Ms. Jean's Southern Cuisine	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay travels to the suburbs of Pittsburgh, PA, to help a desperate retired special education teacher, Jean, who put her entire life's savings into her failing restaurant. Ms. Jean's Southern Cuisine has a gained a negative reputation in the community for the bad food and even worse service. Customers even say that Ms. Jean gets nasty if they have a complaint about the food. While Ms. Jean blames her staff for the restaurant's problems, they point the blame right back at her. With no system in place, Chef Ramsay tries to bring some sanity back into this restaurant and build back her customer base and reputation in the community.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Barefoot Bob's	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay strolls into to Barefoot Bob's, a quaint beachside restaurant in Massachusetts, to help Marc and Lisa, a husband and wife who opened the restaurant eight summers ago. Every winter, their relationship becomes frostier as their business freezes over, causing Lisa to become more and more closed off from Marc. With Lisa ignoring her responsibilities and Marc working seven days a week with no break, Chef Ramsay tries a calmer approach to help the desperate couple. But after seeing inches of dust lining the shelves, pounds of wasted lobster per plate, and clam chowder so thick he wouldn't paste his wallpaper with it, Ramsay heats up! Find out if he can bring this marriage and the restaurant back to life.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Olde Hitching Post Restaurant & Tavern	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay heads to the historical Olde Hitching Post in Hanson, MA, where he faces off with stubborn owner Tom. In 2005, Tom bought the eatery for his oldest daughter, Andrea - yet more than seven years later, he still refuses to let her have any control. Andrea, manager Janice and the rest of the staff are tired of his controlling ways, but Tom makes no apologies for his motto, "my way is the only way." Owning two other prosperous restaurants, Tom cannot seem to figure out what the recipe for success is in this restaurant. Find out if Chef Ramsay can revive this restaurant and put an end to the father-daughter feud.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Levanti's Italian Restaurant	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay travels to the town of Beaver, PA, and the family-owned Italian restaurant Levanti's, which is barely being held together by a brother and sister who spend more time tearing each other apart than building up their restaurant and its reputation. The duo continues to play the blame game for the dirty dining room and kitchen and the inedible food they are serving to their customers. Find out if Chef Ramsay can help work through a sibling rivalry to save the eatery their father started.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Sam's Mediterranean Kabob Room	Cooking	none	Thirty minutes northeast of Los Angeles, in Monrovia, CA, Chef Ramsay finds a restaurant and family in desperate need of a change. Since its opening in 1997, the eatery has driven away both customers and employees with the constant yelling, bland menu choices and bleak, worn-out décor. Now, the only employees left standing are owner Sam's seven children, who are reaching a breaking point after working up to seven days a week with no pay. Aggravated with their father and each other, these siblings beg Ramsay to wake up their father from this living nightmare.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Nino's Italian Restaurant	Cooking	none	Since its opening in 1958, Nino's of Long Beach, CA had been run by a well-liked and successful immigrant couple, but old age has forced them to retire and leave their family-owned restaurant under the misguided care of their eldest son, Nino. Afraid that Nino will run his family legacy into the ground, they call on Chef Ramsay to help, but Nino is extremely confrontational and has an excuse for everything.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Mill Street Bistro (1)	Cooking	none	Chef Gordon Ramsay travels to Norwalk, OH, to visit Mill Street Bistro in the first part of a special two-part episode of KITCHEN NIGHTMARES. Located in the heart of farm country, Chef Ramsay meets Joe, the most pretentious restaurant owner he's ever met. Joe claims his restaurant is farm-to-table, but the so-called bistro, proves to be anything but. Joe runs his staff like a dictator and has trouble listening to any views aside from his own. From his hostile attitude toward the staff and customers, to the overpriced and tasteless recipes being served, Chef Ramsay realizes that Joe is in denial and resistant to change. Find out if Ramsay can take on this stubborn owner.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Mill Street Bistro (2)	Cooking	none	In the second part of a special two-part episode, Chef Ramsay is back in Ohio farm country, hoping to snap restaurant owner Joe out of his state of denial. Joe has remained defiant and defensive, taking great pride in deflecting the advice Ramsay has to offer. Joe is living in a fantasy world, which drives Ramsay to contemplate leaving the restaurant. With a total revamp of the menu and décor, find out if Ramsay can fix the bigger problems at play.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Yanni's	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay makes his first visit to Seattle, Washington, to Yanni's Greek restaurant. In the beginning, Yanni's saw great success, but with the changing demographic of the neighborhood, business has been very slow. Despite his family's concern, owner Peter refuses to face reality and make some much needed changes, which has the family at war. Distraught over the failing business and constant fighting, Peter's daughters beg Chef Ramsay to convince their father it is time for a change.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Prohibition Grille	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay is in for a challenge when he heads to Everett, WA, to visit the Prohibition Grille. Professional belly dancer-turned-restaurant owner Rishi is struggling to keep her business afloat and is in desperate need of help. As a result of her lack of prior restaurant experience, Rishi leaves control of the kitchen in the hands of her head chef, who is constantly preoccupied and gives little focus to the restaurant. Constant complaints from customers have Rishi worried, but will she take Chef Ramsay's advice?
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Chappy's	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay heads to Chappy's, a Cajun-style restaurant in the heart of Nashville where he meets owners John (Chappy) and Starr. The couple's original restaurant in Mississippi was destroyed in Hurricane Katrina, forcing them to move. However, since opening in Nashville, Chappy's hasn't found the same loyal customer base they once had. Find out if Chef Ramsay can help turn this restaurant around.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Amy's Baking Company	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay heads to Scottsdale, AZ, to visit Amy's Baking Company, which might be one of the cleanest restaurants in the history of the show. Cleanliness aside, Ramsay and the patrons find a number of issues with the food and service, but owners Amy and Samy refuse to listen to any critiques. With seemingly no boundaries, this couple has no reservations about yelling at customers that complain. Will this defiant duo listen to Chef Ramsay, or force him to walk away?
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Return to Amy's Baking Company	Cooking	none	In an epic season premiere event, KITCHEN NIGHTMARES is catching up with the most talked-about restaurant in the series' history: Amy's Baking Company in Scottsdale, AZ. Find out what has happened with Amy and Samy in the past year since the original episode aired, and the media firestorm ensued. Then, Chef Ramsay heads to Denver, CO, where he meets a restaurant owner who is truly stuck in the past. Pete claims his family owned-and-run restaurant makes the "Best Pizza in Denver," based off a review from the 1980s. But when Ramsay holds a local taste test and a store-bought pizza is preferred over Pete's, it is clear the Denver community disagrees with that claim.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Old Neighborhood	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay heads to Arvada, CO, where owners Alexa and Randy are desperately calling on him to help restore their 25-year-old restaurant, the Old Neighborhood. Alexa and Randy have so much pride in their family-run establishment, which is why Chef Ramsay is shocked to find the food and conditions are not up to par and mounts one of the biggest transformations in the series history. Then, Chef Ramsay heads to Queens, NY, in hopes of restoring Kati Allo, a Greek restaurant run by husband-and-wife team Manny and Christine. Ramsay is surprised when he finds Kati Allo isn't the only thing in jeopardy - quickly seeing that the couple's marriage and family life with daughter Evelyn are suffering, as well. Can Chef Ramsay help these two couples?
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Mangia Mangia Pt. 1	Cooking	none	Chef Ramsay heads to Woodland Park, CO, where he attempts to save an Italian joint with an identity crisis. But the atmosphere, food and service prove to be the least of its problems, as tension flares and the morale among owner Julie and her staff is at an all-time low. The restaurant has an incompetent head chef and fiery staff with a myriad of their own problems, bringing everything to a boil. Julie is driven to her breaking point, and with everything on the line, she looks to Chef Ramsay as her last resort. Can he get through to these warring personalities and wake Julie up to make the dramatic changes needed for success?
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Zayna Flaming Grill Pt. 1	Cooking	none	Chef Gordon Ramsay travels to Redondo Beach, CA, to visit Zayna Flaming Grill, a Mediterranean restaurant owned and operated by aunt-and-niece duo Faye and Brenda. Faye believes she has the weight of the entire restaurant on her shoulders, while Brenda does not feel she is treated as an equal in the partnership. With tensions rising, the food not up to standards and everyone playing the blame game, Chef Ramsay is faced with one of the stickiest situations he's ever encountered. Find out if Ramsay can open their eyes to the real issues and get them working as a team.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Bella Luna	Cooking	none	Three years ago, Rosaria and her two sons moved from New York to Easton, PA, to open an Italian restaurant called Bella Luna. Rosaria bought the restaurant to fulfill son Gianfranco's dream of becoming a chef. But despite the best of intentions, the restaurant is failing. Bella Luna's future looks especially grim due to Gianfranco's lack of real experience in the kitchen, combined with his mother's refusal to acknowledge the restaurant's flaws. Find out if Chef Ramsay can save the restaurant and restore this family's dream.
805	Kitchen Nightmares	Revisited	Cooking	none	Gordon Ramsay revisits some of his greatest challenges on this all-new special episode. Back in Boston's north end, Ramsay catches up sisters Rita and Lisa from La Galleria to see if this duo has kept up his improvements. In Hanson, MA, Ramsay checks in on the Olde Hitching Post to see if owner Tom has fulfilled his promise to hand over the reins to daughter Andrea. Then, at the Prohibition Gastropub in Everett Washington, Ramsay pays a visit to Rishi, the professional belly dancer-turned-restaurant owner, to see if she's given up dancing and shifted focus to running the establishment. Find out if Chef Ramsay's guidance was taken seriously or if his advice was tossed in trash.
806	The Bold and the Beautiful	The Bold and the Beautiful	Drama	none	They created a dynasty where passion rules, they are the Forresters, the first name in Fashion. The Bold and the Beautiful, a world of fashion, glamor and romance. A place where power, money and success are there for the taking in a city where dreams really do come true. Follow the lives and loves of the Forresters on The Bold and the Beautiful...
808	iCarly	iCarly	Comedy	none	Carly Shay led a pretty normal life... until she and her friends started their own web show. When "iCarly" becomes an instant hit, Carly and her pals have to balance their newfound success with the problems of everyday life. With her parents overseas, Carly relies on the help of her best friend/co-star, Sam, her longtime pal/technical producer, Freddie, and her eccentric older brother/guardian, Spencer, to keep it all together. Sam and Freddie's constant bickering and Spencer's odd habits make for a lot of good material...but is it enough to fill a new show every week?
809	Being Human	Being Human	Drama	8.4	Comedy-drama series about three twenty-something housemates trying to live normal lives, despite struggling with unusual afflictions - one is a werewolf, one is a vampire and the other is a ghost.
810	In Plain Sight	In Plain Sight	Drama	7.5	In Plain Sight follows the story of a Federal Marshall with the Witness Protection program who must hide her high-risk, high-impact job from her family. To those that know her, Mary Shannon is a glorified meter maid, but her real job is much more dangerous. She must oversee federal witnesses who have been relocated through the Witness Protection program and make sure that they stay safe...
811	Suburgatory	Suburgatory	Comedy	7.0	Single father George Altman is doing his best to raise his sixteen-year-old daughter Tessa in the big city. When he discovers a box of condoms in her bedroom, though, he decides the time has come to move her to a more wholesome and nurturing environment: the suburbs. But behind the beautiful homes and perfect lawns lurk the Franken-moms, spray tans, nose jobs, and Red Bull-guzzling teens who have nothing in common with Tessa. It's a whole new world, one that makes George wonder if they haven't jumped out of the frying pan and into the fire.
811	Suburgatory	Pilot	Comedy	7.0	In the premiere episode, "Pilot," Tessa and George have been on their own ever since Tessa's mom pulled a "Kramer vs. Kramer." So far George has done a pretty good job of raising Tessa without a maternal figure in their lives, but suddenly he's feeling a little out of his league, especially after he finds a pack of condoms in her room. So it's goodbye New York City and hello suburbs. At first Tessa is horrified by the big-haired, fake-boobed mothers and their sugar-free, Red Bull-chugging kids. But little by little, she and her dad begin to find a way to survive on the clean streets of the 'burbs. Sure, the neighbors might smother you with love while their kids stare daggers at your back, but underneath all that plastic and caffeine, they're really not half bad. Being in the 'burbs can be hell, but it also may just bring Tessa and George closer than they've ever been.
811	Suburgatory	The Barbecue	Comedy	7.0	Tessa is horrified when she finds herself unexpectedly attracted to her exact opposite, her jock suburban neighbor, and George is pressured by the town to throw the perfect barbecue.
811	Suburgatory	The Chatterer	Comedy	7.0	George joins the PTA and quickly becomes well-liked by the other moms, but in the process former PTA queen bee Sheila Shay starts to feel threatened. Meanwhile Tessa joins the school newspaper and helps Malik revamp it into a tabloid-style paper.
811	Suburgatory	Don't Call Me Shirley	Comedy	7.0	Tessa is excited to see some action in the suburbs when Sheila Shay's Shirley Temple doll collection is stolen, but not so thrilled at the consequences -- Dallas and Dalia are afraid of being burglarized so they crash at the Altmans'.
811	Suburgatory	Halloween	Comedy	7.0	Tessa channels her inner "suburban girl" for a Halloween costume, but it ends up spooking her friends and everyone at school since she reminds them of a recently "departed" resident of Chatswin. And George is determined to prove to Halloween-hater Dallas that being scared can be fun, but gets a scare of his own when Steven Royce (guest star Jay Mohr), Dallas' husband, finally comes home from one of his many business trips.
811	Suburgatory	Charity Case	Comedy	7.0	Irritated by all the cafeteria waste at school, Tessa motivates the student body to get involved with giving back. Unfortunately their charity of choice involves helping residents of Florida improve their complexions. When Tessa introduces a homeless transsexual to the student body as part of a lesson, they decide that Tessa is really the person in need. Meanwhile George receives a large dental bill from Noah, which puts a strain on their relationship.
811	Suburgatory	Sweet Sixteen	Comedy	7.0	When Tessa tells Dallas that she wants a simple get together for her sixteenth birthday, Dallas convinces her to let Dalia plan the ultimate birthday extravaganza at the country club, complete with a live performance by her favorite band, specialty drinks and go-go cages. Meanwhile George throws his back out and Sheila Shay takes it upon herself to care for him, even though George is terrified of her.
811	Suburgatory	Thanksgiving	Comedy	7.0	Depressed that she has to spend Thanksgiving in the suburbs, Tessa convinces Dallas to take her to the city for a girls' day out. During their fun day, they run across George making out with a woman while he was supposed to be "working." Angry with George for lying to her, Tessa confronts him during the Royces' Thanksgiving dinner. Meanwhile Lisa refuses to wear a special dress Sheila picked out for her, so Sheila decides to literally turn up the heat.
811	Suburgatory	The Nutcracker	Comedy	7.0	When Tessa overhears George break up with his girlfriend, Zoe, on Skype, she blames herself for his failed relationship and decides that she's going to get them back together. Unbeknownst to her, though, George is really enamored with Tessa's cute art teacher, Aimee. He admits to Mr. Wolfe that he's over dating crazy city women, and that he's looking for love in the burbs. George decides to embrace the holiday spirit with a tree trimming party complete with ex-girlfriend, potential new girlfriend and the Royces, and he soon finds himself under the mistletoe with a special someone.
811	Suburgatory	Driving Miss Dalia	Comedy	7.0	When Tessa gets her driver's license, Dalia hires her to drive her around to stalk her crush, Scott Strauss. As a result Tessa realizes that she and Scott might have feelings for each other. Meanwhile George and Noah's relationship is put to the test when George decides he wants to join the local country club.
811	Suburgatory	Out in the Burbs	Comedy	7.0	When Tessa is asked to show new guy Josh Sherman around school, she becomes convinced that he's gay, when in fact he's an undercover narcotics officer. Lisa becomes deeply infatuated with Josh, and Tessa inadvertly convinces Mr. Wolfe to make special announcement to the student body. Meanwhile George re-evaluates his relationship with Dallas.
811	Suburgatory	The Casino Trip	Comedy	7.0	When George wins an all expenses paid trip to Atlantic City, he enlists Noah, Fred, Tom and Alex, and it turns into a getaway with the guys. During their trip they run into Steven Royce , and they help Fred cope with his gambling problem. Meanwhile Tessa tries to get some alone time with Scott Strauss.
811	Suburgatory	Sex and the Suburbs	Comedy	7.0	Tessa enjoys rubbing it in Dalia's face that Scott Strause chose her over Dalia. However the closer Tessa gets to Scott, the more nervous George becomes. When George discovers a box of XXL condoms that Lisa has given Tessa, he becomes obsessed and starts planning game night with her friends in hopes of keeping her at home more. Meanwhile Tessa soon discovers that the more time she spends with Scott, the less attracted to him she is.
811	Suburgatory	The Body	Comedy	7.0	When Tessa realizes that she's failing gym class, she decides to run for student body president in hopes of changing Chatswin High's obsession with sports. During the election, Lisa steps in as Tessa's campaign manager against Kenzie and Kaitlyn. Meanwhile, Ryan is injured during a wrestling match and finds himself mourned by his family, and George takes Ryan under his wing and introduces him to people who have moved forward from setbacks.
811	Suburgatory	Fire with Fire	Comedy	7.0	When Jill turns to the newly single Dallas for inspiration and support, her marriage to Noah goes on the rocks. Meanwhile Dallas begins spending a lot of time with her hot younger boyfriend, Yoni, which causes tension with George, and Dalia befriends Lisa to get back at Tessa for dating Scott Strauss -- so Tessa decides to take action and recruits Kimantha to make Dalia jealous -- .
811	Suburgatory	Poetic Injustice	Comedy	7.0	When Fred and Sheila strike up a croquet match with Dallas and George, Fred misreads Sheila's interest in George. Fred tells George that Sheila is fantasizing about him and asks him to seduce her. Meanwhile Tessa desperately wants to impress the new poetry teacher, Ms. Evans, but she seems to prefer Dalia's prose.
811	Suburgatory	Independence Day	Comedy	7.0	When George picks Tessa up late from school she decides to get a job working for Dallas in order to buy her own wheels. Meanwhile Dallas invites her sorority sisters to stay with her in order to celebrate the opening of her store, A Crystal Cup of Crystals; however her rival sorority sister, Tulsa, decides to crash the party.
811	Suburgatory	Down Time	Comedy	7.0	When Dallas's divorce is finalized, George becomes concerned and includes her in a shopping trip with Noah to buy a new mattress. Meanwhile Dalia makes a breakthrough in therapy with her psychiatrist, Dr. Richard Rohl, Lisa and Malik try to set up Tessa, and Ryan takes Tessa on a date.
811	Suburgatory	Entering Eden	Comedy	7.0	When George meets Eden at the Chatswin Farmer's Market, there is an immediate attraction and he finds himself smitten with her and her healthy eating habits. Meanwhile, Yakult goes missing and it's up to Tessa and Dalia to find her, and Noah and Jill make a surprising announcement.
811	Suburgatory	Hear No Evil	Comedy	7.0	As George and Eden's relationship gets serious, he decides to introduce her to Tessa, who is preoccupied with her job at Crystal Cup of Crystals. Meanwhile, George and Noah make a deal regarding George's relationship boundaries with Eden, and Eden is overwhelmed by Sheila's meddling and the Werners' overprotective behavior.
811	Suburgatory	The Great Compromise	Comedy	7.0	As Tessa adjusts to having Eden living with them, she finds Eden helpful in her pursuit of a summer internship, while George has difficulty with Eden's parenting. Meanwhile Sheila interferes with Noah's relationship with Eden, and Malik and Lisa debate which camp to attend.
811	Suburgatory	The Motherload	Comedy	7.0	Residents of Chatswin go all out in celebration of their moms, leaving a noticeable void for Tessa, while Dalia chooses to go to Israel without Dallas. Meanwhile George and Eden attend the Lerners' baby shower, and Eden reacts to the endangered animal theme; Fred surprises Sheila with a special performance by her favorite solo artist, and Lisa makes a startling discovery.
811	Suburgatory	Homecoming	Comedy	7.0	When Tessa returns to Chatswin after spending the summer in NYC with her grandmother, her burgeoning interest in her mom leaves George feeling threatened. In an effort to feel more connected to her mom's musical side, Tessa takes up the guitar and signs up to sing in the Fall Follies. Meanwhile, Noah decides he wants Carmen to come back and work for him, and he gets into an all out competition with Dallas over her.
811	Suburgatory	The Witch of East Chatswin	Comedy	7.0	When Tessa convinces Dalia and the KKK to come up with feminist inspired Halloween costumes, she finds herself the interest of the infamous East Chatswin witch, played by guest star Rachel Dratch. As it turns out Paula isn't exactly what she seems. Meanwhile George and Noah dress up as each other, and Dallas invites George to be "Ken" to her "Barbie" -- but he declines, not realizing that she is asking him out -- .
811	Suburgatory	Ryan's Song	Comedy	7.0	When Lisa feels guilty for not telling Ryan that he's adopted, she agrees to help him pursue Tessa. Lisa's generosity leaves Ryan believing that he must be dying of "Ryan disease." Meanwhile George and Dallas go on their first date, but in her nervousness she invites her life coach, Tabitha, to join them -- which puts George off -- and Tessa agrees to babysit for Opus while Noah and Carmen attend an opera.
811	Suburgatory	Foam Finger	Comedy	7.0	When Dalia decides that her dad's fiancée is her new best friend, the KKK are lost without their leader and turn to Tessa and Lisa. As Dalia struggles with her emotions over her dad's elopement, she turns to Evan for support, and it's up to Tessa to help her regain her confidence and friends. Meanwhile, George and Dallas get intimate, but it's not really what George envisions.
811	Suburgatory	The Wishbone	Comedy	7.0	When Tessa decides she wants to spend Thanksgiving in the city with her grandmother and birth mom, Dallas decides to fire Chef Alan and have George host Thanksgiving to keep him occupied. But when George finds his cooking skills inadequate, he winds up schilling out cash to Chef Alan to help make the meal edible. Meanwhile, after missing Alex in NYC, Tessa returns home to find a surprising Thanksgiving dinner.
811	Suburgatory	Friendship Fish	Comedy	7.0	When Dallas gives George a Chatswin makeover, he decides he likes his new look and begins to feel at home in the suburbs. But as soon as some of George's friends from New York visit, they start poking fun at his girlfriend and new life. In an effort to get back at them, George and Dallas make a pitch for the Scarsdale Performing Arts Center job that his friends are after. Meanwhile, Malik leaves Lisa for two days, so she decides to spend every minute with Tessa. Part of their girl bonding time involves them eating some smoked fish, which leaves Tessa in the hospital with food poisoning.
811	Suburgatory	Krampus	Comedy	7.0	When George sends Tessa to NY for a Christmas excursion with her mom, he assumes that he's given her the best present ever. Tessa soon learns to be careful what you wish for, and she finds herself missing George and Chatswin. Meanwhile Ryan finds out that he was adopted -- throwing the Shay family in turmoil -- and Carly asks for Carmen for Christmas.
811	Suburgatory	Black Thai	Comedy	7.0	When Tessa and Dalia get their PSAT results, Dalia receives a new car and Tessa gets ice cream as a reward. Tessa is miffed that Dalia got a car, and becomes obsessed with finding out Dalia's score. The rift between the girls leads to an argument between George and Dallas, and the only thing that can help them is an old fashioned hip hop dance off. Meanwhile Noah and Jill hire Mr. Wolfe to tutor their baby after he's rejected by the finest day care in Chatswin.
811	Suburgatory	Junior Secretary's Day	Comedy	7.0	When Tessa has her wisdom teeth removed, George struggles to manage both her recovery and the hysterics of their neighbor, Fred Shay, who has taken up residence in their basement after a career set-back. Sheila suspects George of harboring rats, and Dallas feels insecure about her relationship with George.
811	Suburgatory	Chinese Chicken	Comedy	7.0	When Dallas goes overboard making flyers for George's business, he begins to feel stifled and convinces Noah and Fred to start a dad band as a way to escape their significant others. Sheila catches the band during practice and impresses George with her singing, so he votes her into the band. Meanwhile Tessa discovers what it means to be a football player's girlfriend and incites a revolt.
811	Suburgatory	Yakult Leader	Comedy	7.0	When Yakult becomes depressed, Dallas invites Yoni back into their lives to help remove her negative energy. Everyone becomes enamored with Yoni except George, who believes Yoni really just wants Dallas back. Meanwhile the Shays convince Tessa to help set Lisa up so she can get back in the dating game. The girls end up on a double date with Ryan and Tessa's ex, Scott Strauss.
811	Suburgatory	Body Talk	Comedy	7.0	When Dallas realizes a portion of her property is located in East Chatswin, her life is thrown into a tailspin after she's kicked out of the country club and Dalia is forced to attend East Chatswin High. Meanwhile, Tessa becomes a producer of the Chatswin High TV show, "Teen Talk," but struggles with her new role when Ryan becomes the host of the show.
811	Suburgatory	Blowtox and Burlap	Comedy	7.0	When Tessa convinces Ryan to attend an art house movie with her on Valentine's Day, their reactions to the movie surprise her. Sheila's mother, Gam Gam, pays the Shays a visit, causing friction between Fred and Sheila. Her visit also spurs Sheila to try to get Malik back together with Lisa. Meanwhile, Dallas has a bad reaction to a cosmetic procedure, and George has to enjoy an 18-course meal from renowned Chef Julio solo.
811	Suburgatory	T-Ball & Sympathy	Comedy	7.0	When Tessa becomes a relationship expert, she gives advice to everyone. She decides to help Mr. Wolfe, and this leads to a sad realization about his relationship with Chef Alan. Meanwhile Noah and Dallas are still at odds, and George helps Dallas coach a T-Ball team.
811	Suburgatory	Leaving Chatswin	Comedy	7.0	When Marty passes away, George is deeply affected and Noah and George have to figure out what to do with his ashes. Meanwhile, Tessa learns that Ryan hasn't been honest with her, and she has to examine the future of their relationship, as well as her plans for college.
811	Suburgatory	How to Be a Baby	Comedy	7.0	Dalia takes Mr. Wolfe under her wing to help him get over his breakup with Chef Alan. She convinces him to try a new look and plots to help Mr. Wolfe get revenge for his broken heart. Meanwhile, Noah is convinced Carmen is the love of his life and George and Dallas find themselves caught in the crossfire, while Tessa interns for Jill.
811	Suburgatory	Eat, Pray, Eat	Comedy	7.0	When George forgets the birthday gift that Dallas gives him, Dallas feels as if she'll never compare to his ex, Alex, and she seeks solace in carbs and Jill Werner. Meanwhile, Tessa believes that she has lost her youthful vigor, and Noah makes a shocking discovery about his psychiatrist, Bob.
811	Suburgatory	Brown Trembler	Comedy	7.0	Post-divorce Noah and Opus take up residence in a high end hotel until the Chatswin moms corner George and force him to intervene. Luckily George allows Noah and Opus to move in with him until they get back on their feet. Meanwhile, Dallas discovers that Dalia is a hoarder, and Fred enlists Tessa to school him on what's hip so he can land the job of his dreams.
811	Suburgatory	Decemberfold	Comedy	7.0	When George agrees to participate in the "Dads of Chatswin" calendar, he becomes obsessed with his body image and alienates Dallas. Meanwhile Dalia buddies up to Tessa, and Lisa discovers her true motives.
811	Suburgatory	Go, Gamblers	Comedy	7.0	When it comes time for Ryan to choose a college, Tessa endeavors to remain neutral even though Ryan begs her to decide for him. Tessa ultimately rigs his decision-making process, and Dalia uses this to her advantage. Meanwhile, George asks Dallas to move in with him in the most unromantic way, and as a newly licensed realtor, Sheila sells George's house before it hits the market.
811	Suburgatory	Apocalypse Meow	Comedy	7.0	The bitingly iconic single-camera comedy, "Suburgatory," concludes the season with a one-hour finale event.
811	Suburgatory	Stray Dogs	Comedy	7.0	Sheila launches a chastity campaign in Chatswin and convinces Mr. Wolfe to throw a Chastity Ball at the high school, assuming that Lisa will be crowned queen of the ball. Meanwhile George buys a house for Dallas and receives a visit from her ex-husband, and Tessa sets up residence in her bathroom stall at school.
811	Suburgatory	No Me Gusta, Mami	Comedy	7.0	After Alex disappears, George tries to rebuild his relationship with Tessa and he introduces her to his new dog. When Sheila Shay discovers that there's a dog on the loose in Chatswin, she dedicates herself to tracking this canine fiend and it's up to Tessa and George to protect him. Meanwhile, Dalia shuns Dallas after her break-up with Daddy Altman.
811	Suburgatory	Victor Ha	Comedy	7.0	When empty nest syndrome hits the Shay household, Sheila and Fred take in a foster kid named Victor who they believe to be a mini-Ryan. Jealous of the new Ryan, Lisa decides to make his life difficult and reveal him as a con. Meanwhile, Tessa puts the breaks on George's friendship with Dalia.
811	Suburgatory	Open Door Policy	Comedy	7.0	Tessa becomes concerned when George lets himself go after his break-up with Dallas and she calls on George's dad to help him move on. His father's advice and blatant attempts rub George the wrong way. Meanwhile, Tessa discovers that Ryan is coming home to visit and that he's bringing home his new girlfriend.
811	Suburgatory	The Birds and the Biederman	Comedy	7.0	When Dallas sees George at the dog park, she recruits Dalia to negotiate her territory in Chatswin, while Tessa has to represent George's interests. Tessa notices that Lisa is spending a lot of time with Ryan's girlfriend, June, and Fred is worried that Sheila is distancing herself.
811	Suburgatory	Blame it on the Rainstick	Comedy	7.0	When Noah is released from a court mandated anger management program, George is shocked to find a docile Noah has replaced his former hot-headed friend. Shaken by the change, George decides to put the new Noah to the test. Meanwhile, Tessa ditches "senior tanning" and meets a cool new age band hanging out at the park. The free spirited music group isn't exactly what they appear.
811	Suburgatory	About a Boy-Yoi-Yoing	Comedy	7.0	When George becomes enamored with Chatswin's latest hotspot... a juice bar, Tessa reminds him of their pact to not get sucked into Chatswin culture. This inspires George and Fred to take a trip to New York, which doesn't turn out the way George had planned. Meanwhile, Tessa is pressured into attending Evan's birthday party and reveals what she really thinks of him.
811	Suburgatory	I'm Just Not That Into Me	Comedy	7.0	When Tessa drags Malik and Lisa to a college party, she meets a male version of herself and becomes enamored. They see eye-to-eye on everything and it's almost the perfect relationship. Meanwhile, Dallas enlists a matchmaker to set her and Dalia up, but the matchmaker convinces Dallas to date herself and she decides to get back to basics with a new look.
811	Suburgatory	Catch and Release	Comedy	7.0	When Lisa decides to propose to Malik, Tessa isn't sure how to support her friend and turns to George for advice. After Lisa's proposal doesn't go as planned, Tessa steps up and is inspired to fight for Ryan. Meanwhile, George believes his girlfriend Nora might be rude to her employees.
811	Suburgatory	The Ballad of Piggy Duckworth	Comedy	7.0	When Dallas's mother passes away, she recruits Tessa to take a trip to the South with her to attend the funeral. During the trip, Dallas confronts her rivalry with her sister and her feelings toward her mother. Meanwhile, George, Noah and Fred go on a grouper that results in a stalker for Fred.
811	Suburgatory	No, You Can't Sit with Us	Comedy	7.0	When Tessa takes a young social outcast under her wing, she decides to mentor her protégée for the Miss Chatswin pageant to make a statement to Chatswin society. The pageant rivalry between Tessa and Dalia comes to a head and Tessa finds herself stooping to Dalia's level to win. Meanwhile, George, Noah, Fred and Victor go on a boy's weekend camping trip where Fred accidently loses Victor in the wilderness.
811	Suburgatory	Dalia Nicole Smith	Comedy	7.0	When Dalia fails to get into the only college she applied to, Dallas is on a mission to help her find her calling, however, Dalia takes it upon herself to find a sugar daddy. Meanwhile, George forces Tessa to double date with him and a hot mom and her son that they met during her college tour.
811	Suburgatory	Les Lucioles	Comedy	7.0	When Tessa takes over planning Lisa and Malik's wedding, she struggles with the limited budget and loses sight of the romance. Meanwhile, June confronts Tessa and warns her to stay away from Ryan, Malik's family decides to boycott the wedding and he enlists George's help to walk him down the aisle, and Sheila offers Lisa some pearls of wisdom.
811	Suburgatory	Stiiiiiiill Horny	Comedy	7.0	When Tessa joins a knitting circle, George is a little surprised by the age gap between Tessa and her new friends. Still reeling from his one-night stand, George decides to put pen to paper and writes a song dedicated to his muse. Meanwhile, newlyweds Malik and Lisa can't seem to get along.
812	Days of our Lives	Days of our Lives	Drama	6.0	"Like sands through the hourglass... so are the Days of Our Lives." These words, spoken by late cast member Macdonald Carey, open every episode of this daytime drama, chronicaling the trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem
813	Without a Trace	Without a Trace	Drama	9.0	Without a Trace is a fast-paced procedural drama about the Missing Persons Squad of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The sole responsibility of the special task force is to find missing persons by applying advanced psychological profiling techniques to peel back the layers of the victims' lives and trace their whereabouts in an effort to discover whether they have been abducted, been murdered, committed suicide or simply run away. The team reconstructs a "Day of Disappearance" timeline that details every minute of the 24 hours prior to the disappearance, following one simple rule: learn who the victim is in order to learn where the victim is. Senior agent Jack Malone (Anthony LaPaglia) heads the dedicated team that knows too well that every second counts when someone vanishes.
814	No Ordinary Family	No Ordinary Family	Drama	8.3	"No Ordinary Family" is an action packed family drama that features The Powell Family, who go from ordinary to extraordinary. After 16 years of marriage, Jim feels disconnected from his workaholic wife, Stephanie, and two teenage children, Daphne and JJ. To encourage family bonding time, Jim decides the family will join Stephanie on her business trip to South America. When their plane crashes into the Amazon River, they barely enjoy a moment to celebrate their survival before returning to the grind of everyday life. But they soon realize that their lives have been forever changed. Each member of the family starts to show signs of new, unique and distinct super powers. Will their newfound abilities finally bring them together or push them further apart?
815	Reaper	Reaper	Comedy	8.1	On his twenty-first birthday, Sam Oliver (Bret Harrison, "The Loop," "Grounded For Life") discovers his parents sold his soul to the devil (Ray Wise, "24," "Twin Peaks") before he was born, and he must now serve as the devil's personal bounty hunter, catching escaped souls and sending them back to Hell.
817	Big Love	Big Love	Drama	none	Bill Henrickson seems like a typical suburban husband and father, except for the fact that he has three wives, seven kids and three homes to maintain. The Salt Lake City polygamist has to juggle his families' needs while overseeing his growing chain of home-improvement stores and attempting to reconnect with his fundamentalist relatives.
818	Beverly Hills, 90210	Beverly Hills, 90210	Drama	5.0	This long-running drama dealt with the experiences of a group of young people in Beverly Hills, CA as they navigated high school, college and ultimately the real world. The series focused on their travails as they tried to maintain their friendship while dealing with romances, family and personal crises, tragedies and countless drug addictions.
820	Hung	Hung	Drama	8.0	Thomas Jane heads up the cast in this comedy as Ray Drecker, a middle-aged basketball coach and high school History teacher who figures out how to put his exceptional physical endowments to use and change his fortunes. Forced to find an alternative… More source of income after a series of unfavorable events, Ray takes on a whole new profession aided by his pimp and business partner, Tanya Skagle. Joining Jane and Adams are Men in Trees' Anne Heche who plays Ray's ex-wife, Jessica and Eddie Jemison as Jessica's new husband, Dr. Ronnie Haxon. Rounding up the series cast are Charlie Saxton and Sianoa Smit-McPhee who play Jessica and Ray's twin children, Damon and Darby. Created by Colette Burson and Dmitry Lipkin, the series is filmed both in areas of Detroit, Michigan and Los Angeles, California.
821	MacGyver	MacGyver	Action	8.2	MacGyver follows the adventures of the laid-back, extremely resourceful secret agent Angus MacGyver. He prefers non-violent conflict resolution whenever possible and refuses to carry or use a gun. MacGyver works as a problem solver for the Phoenix Foundation in Los Angeles. Utilizing his education as a scientist and his experience as an operative in the Department of External Services (DXS), he is able to solve a range of problems usually with the help of his ever-present Swiss Army knife.
822	Penn & Teller: Bullshit!	Penn & Teller: Bullshit!	Comedy	9.3	In society, there are many products and ideas that we buy into. Some of these products, services or ideas are just plain bullshit. Well known magicians: Penn and Teller are here to knock some sense into people in a humorous and informal way and to explain why some things in life are just bullshit.
823	The L Word	The L Word	Drama	5.3	Mia Kirshner, Jennifer Beals, Pam Grier, Laurel Holloman, Erin Daniels, Leisha Hailey and Katherine Moennig star in this intimate drama series about a group of lesbian friends struggling with romance and careers in Los Angeles.
824	Ice Road Truckers	Ice Road Truckers	Action	8.0	The warriors of the ice roads are back, hauling vital cargo to remote communities over some of the most dangerous routes in the world. But, this season, the toughest job in the world just got tougher.A polar vortex has descended onto the Canadian backcountry, creating the most severe winter in over a century. Freezing winds, towering snow and blinding whiteouts push the drivers to their emotional and physical breaking points.But despite the brutal conditions, Polar Industries and VP Express aren't backing down from the war that started last year. VP boss Hugh Rowland has stolen ice road legend Alex Debogorski away from Polar. Although they've been rivals in the past, having the two titans together on the same team might just provide the edge VP needs to run Polar out of town.But Polar owner Mark Kohaykewych has made a score of his own, snagging VP Express' top driver from last season, Todd Dewey, to add to his roster of Lisa Kelly, Darrell Ward and Art Burke. And, this year, he's expanding the company map, venturing even further onto some of the least traveled and longest ice roads in the world.For the rough riders of the frozen frontier, this season is a non-stop ride over thin ice.
824	Ice Road Truckers	Crossing Enemy Lines	Action	8.0	The balance of power on the winter roads is turned upside down. Reigning champ Polar Industries returns, looking to maintain their dominance by any means necessary. But trucking rival, Darrell Ward, isn't backing down. He wants to turn his upstart company into a force on the winter roads. His first order of business is poaching an ice road legend out from the grips of Polar Industries. The bold move sparks an all-out war on the frozen frontier.
824	Ice Road Truckers	Icy Grave	Action	8.0	The war for ice road supremacy is heating up and Polar Industries is pushing their drivers to the absolute limit. . Art Burke must cross one of the longest winter roads in the world. Polar's top driver, Todd Dewey, is forced to dig himself out of mountains of fresh snow or risk a dangerous night in freezing temperatures. Rival, Darrell Ward, takes a load over a newly opened road littered with abandoned trucks frozen in time.
824	Ice Road Truckers	Trail Blazers	Action	8.0	Polar Industries goes for the record books, sending driver Todd on a risky run to deliver the heaviest haul in company history. But will the weight prove to be too much on a tenuous ice crossing. Art's sent on a high stakes rescue mission, and finds the job is more than he bargained for. Lisa lands an exclusive contract over one of the wildest trails in Canada. And Darrell steals a load from Polar, leading to a clash between him and Mark.
824	Ice Road Truckers	New Cold Blood	Action	8.0	Polar boss Mark Kohaykewych shakes things up when he brings new soldier Mike Simmons into the winter roads battle. But when the rookie's paired with company wildcard Art Burke, it makes for a rocky trip. Top dog Todd Dewey and rival Darrell Ward both hit a newly opened trail, but when Todd breaks down in the middle of nowhere, he might be out of luck and out of time. Polar veteran Alex Debogorski gets lost and must rely on pure instinct to find his way out. And new business owner Lisa Kelly faces an ice road trucker's nightmare on a dangerous crossing.
824	Ice Road Truckers	Power Trip	Action	8.0	New business owners Darrell and Lisa get the jolt they need with a high-stakes mission-transformers desperately needed for a distant town's electrical supply. Polar's top dog Todd Dewey runs into trouble with a government contract. Truck problems have Polar driver Art Burke's season headed for the gutter. And ice road rookie Mike Simmons tries to get over the hump on his first solo delivery.
824	Ice Road Truckers	The Art Of Survival	Action	8.0	The battle gets down and dirty as the roads melt beneath the drivers' wheels. Art Burke fights to keep his rig above ground on a melting ice crossing, while fellow Polar driver Alex Debogorski fights his way up a mud covered mountain. Renegade rivals Lisa Kelly and Darrell Ward struggle on a trail at ground zero of the thaw, where getting stuck could sink their company for good.
824	Ice Road Truckers	Mother Nature Scorned	Action	8.0	In the midst of the early thaw, Darrell and Lisa struggle to make it home over the hardest hit trail on the winter roads system. Art and the King of Obsolete reunite to haul a giant double trailer over a slick path. Veteran Alex Debogorski races against the clock to deliver to a town in need before the road closes, while fellow Polar driver Todd Burke finds a unique way to conquer a melted ice crossing.
824	Ice Road Truckers	Hell Freezes Over	Action	8.0	The two rival companies work together to take on the biggest challenge in Ice Road Truckers history, pulling a cat train across the frozen Hudson Bay, but the untested ice shatters under the weight of the heavy haul.
825	Knight Rider	Knight Rider	Drama	7.4	The series follows the thrilling adventures of Michael Knight, a detective thought to be dead, who's been given a new face and identity. His assignment: to fight crime with the help of an artificially intelligent, talking car named K.I.T.T., a high-speed, futuristic weapon outfitted with high-tech gadgets and a personality of its own. Driven by justice, they set out to take down criminals who operate above the law.
826	Bewitched	Bewitched	Comedy	9.0	Bewitched starts off with a simple married couple; but what we soon find out is that Samantha, Darrin's wife, is a witch! Although they agree that Sam is not to use witchcraft now that they are married, a problem always seems to crop up and Samantha always resorts to spells. Things become even more complicated when Endora, Samantha's witch mother, starts to interfere.
828	Mistresses	Mistresses	Drama	none	Drama series about four female friends' marital and extramarital relationships.
830	Homicide: Life on the Street	Homicide: Life on the Street	Drama	9.7	One of the most critically acclaimed shows in TV history, Homicide: Life on the Street reinvigorated a tired genre by focusing on the grueling work of solving murders instead of an endless succession of bloody crimes and car chases. Inspired by David Simon's Edgar Award-winning account of Baltimore homicide detectives and brought to television by writer Paul Attanasio and director Barry Levinson, Homicide boasted a powerhouse ensemble cast featuring Ned Beatty, Yaphet Kotto, Richard Belzer, and breakout star Andre Braugher.
832	The Rockford Files	The Rockford Files	Drama	7.0	Emmy winner James Garner stars as the offbeat Jim Rockford, an ex-con-turned-private-investigator who would rather fish than fight, but whose instinct on closed cases is more golden than his classic Pontiac Firebird. From his mobile home in Malibu, this wisecracking private eye takes on the cases of the lost and the dispossessed, chasing down seemingly long-dead clues in the sun-baked streets and seamy alleys of Los Angeles.
834	The Secret Circle	The Secret Circle	Drama	9.0	After Diana introduces Cassie to other members of the circle, they reveal themselves as witches, and that she is one as well. Initially, Cassie refuses to believe them - until Adam shows her how to unlock her magical powers. After Cassie reluctantly joins the circle, Adam, Diana, Faye, and the other members of the coven quickly discover that with Cassie in their circle, they are able to cast spells more powerful than they ever could before.
834	The Secret Circle	Pilot	Drama	9.0	After her mother's death Cassie Blake moves to Chance Harbor, Washington, to live with her grandmother, Jane. Cassie's life is changed forever when her new classmates tell her that she is a witch, the sixth and final member of their Secret Circle.
834	The Secret Circle	Bound	Drama	9.0	Cassie attempts to distance herself from the Circle, even making friends with a non-witch, Sally Matthews. As the witches use their magic more and more recklessly, Diana is convinced they need to bind their powers. This is a problem for Faye, who revels in the increase of the Circle's magic now that Cassie has returned to Chance Harbor. Adam struggles with his feelings for Cassie, while Melissa flirts with Nick. Dawn Chamberlain receives a surprise in the form of her father-in-law, Henry.
834	The Secret Circle	Loner	Drama	9.0	Each member of the Circle reacts to the upcoming school dance in a different way. Cassie is asked to go by a classmate, Luke, and accepts after seeing Adam and Diana spending time together. Melissa sees it as an opportunity to get closer to Nick, while Faye has no plans to attend it at all. She prefers to focus on regaining her individual powers, now that the Circle is bound. A man named Zachary Larson has been asking questions about the Circle, causing Dawn to ask Charles to watch over the children.
834	The Secret Circle	Heather	Drama	9.0	After the incident with Zachary Larson, Cassie looks up her mother's old friend, Heather Barnes. She discovers Heather has been in a catatonic state since the night of the fire, sixteen years ago. Knowing that Heather was there that night, Cassie decides to use magic to restore Heather, and asks Faye to help — who is willing to do so, for a price. The girls' witchcraft has unforeseen consequences, when a demon that was possessing Heather is unleashed and wants to use the Circle's power.
834	The Secret Circle	Slither	Drama	9.0	Cassie struggles with maintaining her loyalties, as she is forced to keep the Circle's secrets from her suspicious grandmother, and Diana tries to maintain hold of her relationship with Adam and arranges a date night. Melissa recruits Nick and Faye to help her find her family's Book of Shadows; however all is not what it seems. The six members of the Circle are brought together in order to fight off a dark force that threatens them from within. Dawn tries to continue making plans for the Circle with Charles, only to discover that he may have more than business on his mind.
834	The Secret Circle	Wake	Drama	9.0	Following Nick's death his brother, Jake, returns to town. His presence re-constitutes the Circle, however it is up to Cassie to try to convince the other members to accept him; Jake is a man with a past, and not everyone is as willing to trust him. Jake is not the only newcomer to town, as a witch hunter named Simone poses a threat to the Circle.
834	The Secret Circle	Masked	Drama	9.0	It's Halloween and Faye has decided that the Circle needs to have some fun, so she takes it on herself to convince Cassie to throw a party. Faye still has her eyes on wooing Jake back, while a fight with Diana has Adam turning to Cassie, who is trying to make things right with Luke. Meanwhile, the witch hunters have infiltrated the party and plan on doing away with the Circle, once and for all.
834	The Secret Circle	Beneath	Drama	9.0	After not hearing from Jane for a few days Cassie begins to worry. Diana decides to enlist the Circle, and Jake, to take up the search for Jane, which takes the group to the isolated home of Faye's grandfather, Henry. A storm turns the day trip into an overnight one, and the teens play Truth or Dare to pass the time. Not all is what it seems at the cabin, however, and Faye is forced to confront something dark from her past.
834	The Secret Circle	Balcoin	Drama	9.0	Cassie enlists Jake's help in looking into her father's family, and just why she has powers separate from the Circle. Faye reveals that she suspects that there is more to Jake than he is sharing with the Circle. Adam is torn between his concern for Cassie and his concern for Diana, who has caught the eye of Melissa's cousin, Holden. Dawn and Charles' plans are threatened, as a power shift changes their dynamic.
834	The Secret Circle	Darkness	Drama	9.0	Cassie learns more about her ancestor, Francis Balcoin, and discovers a secret about herself. She turns to Adam to help her keep this from the rest of the Circle. Diana is thrilled when her grandmother, Kate, comes to town for a visit, who appears to show an unusual interest in Cassie. Still trying to get her powers back, Faye turns to the mysterious Lee LeBeque for help.
834	The Secret Circle	Fire/Ice	Drama	9.0	Another school dance is upon the Circle, and Adam's father, Ethan, has offered to chaperone it. Cassie and Adam have been investigating her father's past, causing the flame between them to be rekindled. While Adam is ready to move on and embark upon a relationship with her, Cassie is torn between her feelings for him and her friendship with Diana. Faye asks Lee to perform a ritual that will enable her to steal Cassie's individual powers, but it has dangerous consequences that threatens to destroy the entire Circle.
834	The Secret Circle	Witness	Drama	9.0	Jake returns to Chance Harbor and warns Cassie that unless she determines just what happened to her father on the night of the fire she, and the Circle, will face the same fate. The two cast a spell to allow them to enter into Jake's memories and return to the night of the fire, however Adam and Diana suspect Jake's motives. Charles and Dawn attempt to outmanoeuvre each other, each trying to get Ethan on their side. Faye's relationship with Lee takes another dangerous turn, as she meets his friend, Callum.
834	The Secret Circle	Medallion	Drama	9.0	Cassie and Jake meet with a psychic, Lucy, who has information about the medallion found in the previous episode. Cassie calls on the Circle for help unlocking its powers, however Adam worries about the dark magic taking over Cassie. Meanwhile, Ethan has enlisted Diana's help in throwing Adam a birthday party, and Faye and Melissa try Devil's Spirit.
834	The Secret Circle	Valentine	Drama	9.0	In honor of the holiday Faye throws a girls-only, "anti-Valentine's Day" slumber party at her house, and the other (female) members of the Circle are invited to attend. The night takes unexpected turns as both Melissa and Diana use Devil's Spirit to get high, and Lee crashes the party to help Faye increase her power. Meanwhile, Cassie turns to Jake and Adam for help after the spirits of vengeful witches begin to haunt her.
834	The Secret Circle	Return	Drama	9.0	John Blackwell, Cassie's father, shows up on her doorstep; however surprise turns to suspicion when he wants the medallion. Eben and his band of witch hunters take Cassie captive, causing Jake to offer a trade and Adam to call the other Circle members for help. Meanwhile, Faye and Diana are both concerned that Melissa is spending too much time in the company of Callum.
834	The Secret Circle	Lucky	Drama	9.0	Cassie catches Blackwell sneaking around the abandoned house, leading Adam to believe that he is looking for a device to drain witches' powers and is still consumed by his dark magic. Faye meets Eva, and is taken aback to discover that she is Lee's girlfriend. Meanwhile, Melissa encourages Diana to date a mortal guy, specifically a handsome Australian, named Grant, who is new to town. Also, Dawn has a reunion with Blackwell, but it isn't entirely what she expects.
834	The Secret Circle	Curse	Drama	9.0	Blackwell tells Cassie and Adam that while their love might be destined, it is also cursed; once awakened a member of the Circle will die. It is a race against the clock to find a way to break the curse before it takes Jake's life. Meanwhile, Faye becomes certain that Eva is hiding something once it becomes apparent that Lee is missing, and Charles plots against Blackwell.
834	The Secret Circle	Sacrifice	Drama	9.0	Witch hunter Samuel comes to town with a message for Blackwell about Eben's plans; he is trying to resurrect the demons that Blackwell summoned to Chance Harbor sixteen years ago, and plans on making a human sacrifice. Meanwhile, Diana continues her relationship with Grant, but it is revealed that her magic is not the only secret in their relationship. Faye and Melissa compete for the attention of a jock at the Boathouse, while Adam tries to deal with no longer remembering why he loved Cassie.
834	The Secret Circle	Crystal	Drama	9.0	To protect themselves from the witch hunters, Jake, Cassie and Faye team up to seek out Jake's grandfather, Royce, to find his family's crystal and are confronted with disturbing theories about the events of sixteen years ago. Meanwhile, Diana tries to balance her pursuit of the Glaser crystal with Melissa and Adam with her new romantic life with Grant, who demands to know what she's hiding. At the same time, Callum attempts to re-insert himself into Melissa's life. Also, Charles and Jane plot their move against Blackwell and it is revealed that Diana is the other Blackwell child. Then Blackwell reveals his dark powers are still intact and he wants to use them to create a black magic Circle with his newly found kids.
834	The Secret Circle	Traitor	Drama	9.0	When a crystal is magically stolen from the abandoned house, the Circle decides it was the traitor witch working with Eben. Jake calls for a meeting with Isaac to see if they can get him to change sides, only to find out that Isaac has been killed by Eben. Cassie's loose grasp on her dark magic threatens to destroy any possible alliance when their pursuit of the traitor leads them to the "Creepiest Place on Earth." Meanwhile, Faye and Jake work together to steal Dawn's crystal, Melissa and Adam pair up and uncover a new magic trick, and a frustrated Diana reaches out to Charles for help. Diana and Cassie chase the traitor in the "Creepiest Place on Earth" and Cassie uses dark magic to stop him only to find out it's Nick who is supposed to be dead.
834	The Secret Circle	Prom	Drama	9.0	It's Prom night in Chance Harbor and after Adam uncloaks a crystal hidden in the school, Blackwell tells Cassie she can use her dark magic to find it. When Cassie follows this advice, it leads her to a dangerous discovery. Meanwhile, Faye invites Jake to Prom, despite the fact that he stood her up two years earlier. Adam, Diana, Cassie and Melissa finally make it to Prom but when they lose the crystal to Eben, they end up in a life and death situation. Meanwhile, Dawn attempts to stop Blackwell, who casts a deadly spell on Charles.
834	The Secret Circle	Family	Drama	9.0	When Faye is captured by the Witch Hunters, Jake, Melissa and Adam set out to save her. Blackwell wants to unleash the power of the crystal skull and tries to convince Cassie and Diana that their Balcoin blood is the only way to stop the Witch Hunters permanently. Meanwhile, Dawn and Charles discover a way to get their powers back ... but one which comes at a very big cost.
835	Boss	Boss	Drama	9.3	Kelsey Grammer returns for season two as Chicago Mayor Tom Kane, the role in which he won a Golden Globe for Best Actor. This season, Kane ferociously beats back the physical symptoms of his illness with high doses of medication. But this comes at a cost -- experiencing heightened psychological manifestations of the disease. Without his longtime advisors Stone and Kitty, Kane is also forced to reconfigure his inner circle. Surrounded by strangers and without much time left, he acts quickly to protect and repair his legacy by cutting out the cancers within the political machine. But as corrupt heads roll and his list of enemies grows, Kane's virtuous actions begin to erode the very foundation of power he's worked a lifetime to build. In order to maintain it, Kane must govern as he always has - ruthlessly.
839	According to Jim	According to Jim	Comedy	none	In this earthy family comedy, Jim (Jim Belushi) is the macho Everyman who challenges his gorgeous and feisty wife, Cheryl (Courtney Thorne-Smith), with his stubborn manliness but contagious charm. Tagging along with this duo of happily married opposites are their three precocious kids. A success at his construction business and the family breadwinner at home, Jim feeds his other passion - blues music - playing with his six-man garage band. He keeps Cheryl in turmoil with his boyish bravado and ever willful antics, but their underlying love guarantees that they are in this marriage for keeps.
840	Treme	Treme	Drama	none	New Orleans, 38 months after Hurricane Katrina: Barack Obama has just been elected to the White House, giving this battered, majority-black city reason for optimism. Yet for every entrenched resident who hopes to improve his or her lot - or just return to a sense of pre-Katrina normalcy - others are intent on capitalizing on the city's vulnerability and suffocating its culture.
841	Quincy, M.E.	Quincy, M.E.	Drama	8.0	Television icon Jack Klugman is the crusading and headstrong medical examiner Dr. Quincy, the distinguished role that earned him 4 Emmy nominations. Aided by his loyal lab assistant Sam Fujiyama, Quincy's not afraid to stand up for his convictions, and he'll battle anyone who stands in his way: his skeptical boss Dr. Asten, City Hall, and even sometimes his own friends and mentors.
842	Geordie Shore	Geordie Shore	Drama	6.0	Follow all the antics of Charlotte, Gaz, Sophie, James, Holly, Scott, Vicky on their Geordie adventures. We guarentee it'll probably include a lot of tashin' on, getting mortal and jägerbombs.
843	In Treatment	In Treatment	Drama	none	As Dr. Paul Weston continues to struggle with the aftermath of his divorce, he faces new emotional and physical challenges - including hand tremors that he fears might be the onset of Parkinson's Disease, which killed his father. Meanwhile, he takes on three challenging new patients and turns to a new therapist of his own.
845	Dawson's Creek	Dawson's Creek	Drama	7.0	DAWSON'S CREEK, Sony Pictures Television's enormously successful dramatic series, maintained its loyal following through six successful seasons on the air. Chronicling the passage from adolescence to young adulthood, DAWSON'S CREEK, which was created and developed by Kevin Williamson, followed the continuing relationships of five longtime friends.
847	The Hard Times of RJ Berger	The Hard Times of RJ Berger	Comedy	none	The Hard Times Of RJ Berger orbits the hilariously-hellish lives of a deeply unpopular 15 year-old and his scheming, sex-obsessed best friend, Miles Jenner. Other than pining after the girl of his dreams, Jenny Swanson, receiving daily beatings from the meanest jock in school, Max Owens and evading the stalker-ish advances of Lily Miran, there really isn't much excitement in RJ's life. That is, until his anatomical gift is accidentally exposed to the entire school.In a single moment, RJ goes from anonymous to infamous, and for the first time in his life, he feels a tiny sliver of confidence. Swept up in this man-sized wave of recognition, we'll watch RJ claw his way out of the popularity basement. Whether it's trying to get laid, dealing with his bizarre parents, or simply navigating the treacherous waters of sophomore year, RJ will live out the stories -- good, bad and ugly -- that we all remember from high school. One mis-adventure at a time, we'll see him grow from a shy, awkward boy into a slightly less shy and awkward young man. Part The Wonder Years and part Superbad, The Hard Times Of RJ Berger is a loud, funny, raunchy, sexy look at the life of lovable loser.
848	ALF	ALF	Comedy	8.0	One starry night in 1986, the Tanner family get an unexpected houseguest-a furry, four-foot-high Alien Life Form" they call Alf, who quickly becomes part of the family.
848	ALF	A.L.F.	Comedy	8.0	Gordon Shumway, last known survivor from the planet Melmac, crash-lands his spaceship into the Tanner family's suburban garage. Willie dubs him "ALF", short for Alien Life Form. After convincing a military officer that they are not harboring a space creature, the Tanners decide to take ALF in as a member of the family.
848	ALF	Strangers in the Night	Comedy	8.0	ALF decides to have some fun while a nervous Mrs. Ochmonek baby-sits Brian.
848	ALF	Looking For Lucky	Comedy	8.0	When Lucky the cat disappears, everyone pins the blame on ALF.
848	ALF	Pennsylvania 6-5000	Comedy	8.0	ALF calls the president to address his concerns about nuclear weapons.
848	ALF	Keepin' the Faith	Comedy	8.0	ALF takes a job selling cosmetics over the phone.
848	ALF	For Your Eyes Only	Comedy	8.0	ALF befriends a lonely blind girl.
848	ALF	Help Me, Rhonda	Comedy	8.0	Willie helps homesick ALF arrange a trip to Melmac.
848	ALF	Don't It Make My Brown Eyes Blue?	Comedy	8.0	ALF has a crush on Lynn, so he makes a music video to impress her.
848	ALF	Jump	Comedy	8.0	On his 45th birthday, Willie feels unfulfilled, so ALF suggests he go skydiving.
848	ALF	Baby, You Can Drive My Car	Comedy	8.0	ALF sells parts of his spaceship to buy Lynn a Ferrari.
848	ALF	On the Road Again	Comedy	8.0	Willie loses his temper with ALF during a family camping trip.
848	ALF	Oh, Tannerbaum	Comedy	8.0	It's Christmas time. Unfortunately ALF chops the Christmas tree into firewood before anyone notices. The Tanners then have two tasks: to teach ALF all about Christmas and find a new Christmas tree.
848	ALF	Mother and Child Reunion	Comedy	8.0	ALF heads for the garage when Kate's mother pays a visit.
848	ALF	A Little Bit of Soap	Comedy	8.0	ALF submits scripts to his favorite soap opera.
848	ALF	I've Got a New Attitude	Comedy	8.0	ALF plays matchmaker for Kate's mother.
848	ALF	Try to Remember (1)	Comedy	8.0	ALF hits his head and is convinced he is an insurance salesman. The Tanners try reviewing past events to try and jog his memory.
848	ALF	Try to Remember (2)	Comedy	8.0	The Tanners continue to try and jog ALF's memory, and deal with the police at the same time.
848	ALF	Border Song	Comedy	8.0	ALF befriends a young Mexican immigrant.
848	ALF	Wild Thing	Comedy	8.0	ALF goes through a 24-hour period of bizarre behavior.
848	ALF	Going Out of My Head Over You	Comedy	8.0	Willie and ALF both talk to a psychologist.
848	ALF	Lookin' Through the Windows	Comedy	8.0	ALF thinks he witnessed a murder at a neighbor's house.
848	ALF	It Isn't Easy ... Bein' Green	Comedy	8.0	ALF comes to Brian's aid when the boy has to play an asparagus in the school play.
848	ALF	The Gambler	Comedy	8.0	ALF develops a gambling habit and winds up in trouble with his bookie.
848	ALF	Weird Science	Comedy	8.0	Brian causes trouble at school when he repeats some of ALF's intergalactic knowledge.
848	ALF	Come Fly With Me	Comedy	8.0	When Mr. Ochmonek becomes sick during a flight, ALF flies the plane.
850	Life on Mars	Life on Mars	Crime	8.4	Drama about a present-day Manchester detective who, after suffering near-fatal injuries in a car-crash, awakes to find himself living in 1973.
851	Time Team	Time Team	Family	none	In this popular and (literally) groundbreaking programme, Tony Robinson and a team of experts travel the country to investigate a wide range of archaeological sites of historical importance.
854	Luck	Luck	Drama	8.0	From David Milch and Michael Mann this one-hour drama centers on an intuitive tough guy named Chester "Ace" Bernstein who has always been involved with gambling, from bookmaking and money laundering to casino operations. Recently released from prison after three years, he teams with Gus Demitriou, his longtime chauffeur and muscle, to craft a complex plan involving the Santa Anita Racetrack in California. As they plot out Ace's strategy, the pair recruits Turo Escalante, a successful trainer with a sordid reputation. In the meantime, an old trainer nurtures a possible breakthrough thoroughbred, while a ragtag group of four racetrack groupies band together to try to catch lightning in a bottle – as winners of an elusive Pick Six bet.
856	Sinbad	Sinbad	Action	5.0	Sinbad is a young man on a quest for redemption, condemned to keep searching for a way to lift the curse that chains him to the seas, until he can find the goodness in himself. Sinbad provides for himself and his family by fighting for money, but inadvertently kills a man, causing him to escape to sea as a stowaway. The 8th century Arabia is a melting pot of cultures, faiths and creatures; full of life and color, but also threatening and volatile. Before their journey is over, Sinbad and his crew of outcasts will not only have to brave their own demons, but some of the most dangerous enemies imaginable.
857	Later... with Jools Holland	Later... with Jools Holland	Music	none	Jools Holland presents BBC Two's flagship music show, with legendary musicians and brand new acts from around the world, all performing live.
858	Outcasts	Outcasts	Drama	8.5	A group of courageous pioneers face a unique opportunity: the chance to build a new and better future on another planet.
858	Outcasts	Episode 1	Drama	8.5	The arrival of the last known transporter from Earth gives some new hope for the residents of Carpathia. Loyalties end up being tested though as the head of Forthaven's expeditionaries attempts to break away from the settlement.
858	Outcasts	Episode 2	Drama	8.5	Cass, Fleur and Jack leave the settlement to try and find a a missing survival shuttle. Stella and Tate are confronted by their former foe Julius Berger.
858	Outcasts	Episode 3	Drama	8.5	It is predicted that a super whiteout of unprecedented strength could hit Forthaven. Stella uses Tipper's mathematical ability to predict exactly when the it could happen and Tate begins to lock down Forthaven. Fleur, unaware of what could happen takes the AC baby back to Rudi. Cass ends up running into an old flame called Trix who is about to be married the following day.
858	Outcasts	Episode 4	Drama	8.5	A rogue AC enters Forthaven and ends up attacking one of the citizens which prompts the PAS officers to take action in an effort to control the situation.
858	Outcasts	Episode 5	Drama	8.5	A man arrives at a bar in Forthaven with a load of diamonds and stories of "bodies" outside the compound. He claims that he lives by Carpathia's ocean which seems to be impossible as it's known as a radiation hotspot. After a fight breaks out and Cass and Fleur are called in and they end up following the man.
858	Outcasts	Episode 6	Drama	8.5	When missing expeditionary Josie Hunter walks back into the settlement, unharmed, the jubilant air quickly takes a darker tone. Josie is different, her children cannot communicate with her, and reports of her violent behaviour circulate. Tate and Stella must find out what is behind this changed Josie, and begin to come to terms with what is really at work on the planet.
858	Outcasts	Episode 7	Drama	8.5	Cass's past smashes into his present when he finds a note threatening to expose his real identity. Stella and Tate must now face the prospect of another, superior, hostile life force on Carpathia and discover a way to communicate with it.
858	Outcasts	Episode 8	Drama	8.5	A new virus - C24 - hits Forthaven. Berger seizes his opportunity, blaming the virus on the ACs, and exposing Fleur's true origins in an attempt to undermine confidence in President Tate.
863	Dallas	Dallas	Drama	10.0	The world's first mega-soap, and one of the most popular ever produced, Dallas had it all. Beautiful women, expensive cars, and men playing Monopoly with real buildings. Famous for one of the best cliffhangers in TV history, as the world asked "Who shot J.R.?" A slow-burner to begin with, Dallas hit its stride in the 2nd season, with long storylines and expert character development. Dallas ruled the airwaves in the 1980's.
865	Secret Diary of a Call Girl	Secret Diary of a Call Girl	Drama	7.0	Drama series based on the best-selling, real life diaries of an upmarket escort. This programme is a deeper look into the world of the glamorous and intelligent Belle de Jour - Hannah to her family. Stars Billie Piper.
866	The Finder	The Finder	Drama	8.0	From the creator of the hit series "Bones" comes "The Finder". An Iraq war vet suffers a brain injury that triggers the ability to see connections between seemingly unrelated events, objects or people.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Drama	9.5	"In the City of Los Angeles, the people are represented by two separate yet equally important groups: the police who investigate crime and the district attorneys who prosecute the offenders. These are their stories."From Dick Wolf, comes a foray into the glitz, glamour and guilt of Los Angeles. From the tony Beverly Hills to the seedy side of Hollywood, LAPD's elite Robbery Homicide Division is on the case. Fusing classic ripped-from-the-headlines storytelling with the backdrop of LA, the series delves into the high-profile crimes of the West Coast.The format is similar to the other Law & Order shows, though adapted to the Los Angeles criminal justice system: each episode starts by depicting a crime, then presents the LAPD investigation, the prosecution by the L.A. County District Attorney, and the trial in the Los Angeles Superior Court. The crimes prosecuted are codified in the California Penal Code. As in other L.A. police procedural shows, crimes are sometimes referred to by their Penal Code section numbers.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Hollywood	Drama	9.5	When a group of thieves target the homes of young Hollywood, Detectives Rex Winters and Tomas "TJ" Jaruszalski soon discover there is more to the crimes than meets the eye. After the perpetrators are uncovered, another shocking crime is committed at the home of young starlet Chelsea Sennett and her stage mom, Trudy. As everyone starts turning on each other, Deputy District Attorney Morales remains intent on exposing the real ringleader.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Echo Park	Drama	9.5	When murderous cult member "Baby" Jane Lee Rayburn is found stabbed to death, Detectives Rex Winters and Tomas "TJ" Jaruszalski question multiple suspects, including the cult ringleader Denis Watson and Jane's former cellmate, Maura Dillon. However, the case cuts very close to home for Detective Winters when his wife Lori, a former Detective, is questioned. DDA Dekker and DDA Stanton find themselves facing a trial where the line between suspect and victim is blurred.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Harbor City	Drama	9.5	When former surf champion Trevor Knight returns home to help his ailing mother, it ultimately results in his untimely death. Initially, Detectives Rex Winters and Tomas "TJ" Jaruszalski are lead to believe that it was not only a robbery gone wrong, but possibly an inside job. Meanwhile, DDA Morales has a feeling that someone related to one of the suspects knows more than they are telling and goes to unusual lengths to flush them out.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Sylmar	Drama	9.5	When two innocent children are killed in an accidental meth lab explosion, Detectives Rex Winters and Tomas "TJ" Jaruszalski track down the dealer's family. The investigation quickly takes a sharp turn when the detectives discover those involved in the explosion are planning something more destructive. As the federal government steps in and attempts to take over the case, DDA Dekker fights to keep the trial in California.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Pasadena	Drama	9.5	After a pregnant Rebecca Townley is found run over and left for dead, the detectives learn that the baby's father may be a married politician, and the crime a homicide. As Winters and Jaruszalski begin digging deeper into her past, they are led to a young couple, Adam and Carolyn Yarborough, who seem to know more than they are willing to tell when it comes to Rebecca. DDA Morales must weave carefully through a political minefield as he begins the task of uncovering the truth.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Hondo Field	Drama	9.5	After a night out partying with his co-workers, oil rig worker Freddy Ramirez is found dead along the shore. While Detectives Winters and Jaruszalski are investigating a possible crime scene, they stumble upon paperwork indicating that Freddy was about to blow the whistle on one of his co-workers. Uncovering vital evidence, DDA Dekker and Stanton face the formidable challenge of turning the tide in favor of the prosecution.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Ballona Creek	Drama	9.5	When Department of Public Works employee Don Heller is found stabbed to death, the detectives suspect those responsible are the gang bangers he encountered earlier that day. However, the case takes a significant turn when Winters and Jarzuszalski discover that Heller was investigating a string of unsolved murders that were committed over the past decade. DDA's Dekker and Stanton must now seek justice for the innocent victims in hopes to erase the horror from the past.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Playa Vista	Drama	9.5	When pro golfer Kristin Halstead turns up murdered, Detectives Rex Winters and Tomas "TJ" Jaruszalski quickly discover clues leading them to married pro golfer Chip Jarrow. However, after a suspicious event occurs between Chip and his wife Monica, it's up to Deputy District Attorney's Dekker and Stanton to uncover the truth.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Zuma Canyon	Drama	9.5	When a normal quinceañera erupts in violence, leaving multiple people dead, the detectives work quickly to follow a lead. During their search for answers, they find a young boy protecting acres of marijuana and discover he is the only witness that can help the case. As the detectives begin to close in on a suspect, Winters receives a surprise visit at home. Meanwhile, DDA Morales must risk upsetting the Mexican government by prosecuting the guilty, which results in a shocking decision.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Silver Lake	Drama	9.5	Don Alvin's quiet life is destroyed when an intruder ambushes he and his family in their home, killing his wife and son. After searching for clues, the detectives discover similar cases that lead them to one powerful common thread. Meanwhile, DDA's Dekker and Rubirosa have to tread carefully in order to get a guilty verdict after Morales' puts their case in jeopardy.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	East Pasadena	Drama	9.5	After a high-speed car chase comes to an abrupt end, police officers are shocked to discover a woman's dead body, but no driver. The detectives immediately suspect her jealous boyfriend, who divulges information that leads them to believe her job as a city bookkeeper was not as it seemed. Meanwhile, DDA's Dekker and Rubirosa set out to restore order in East Pasadena and will do everything in their power to win.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Benedict Canyon	Drama	9.5	When successful Hollywood stylist Lily Walker is gunned down while driving, the seemingly random murder sends shockwaves throughout the city. Following leads, the detectives uncover an unlikely twist that forces them to delve deep into Lily's past for clues to help solve the murder. Meanwhile, DDA's Dekker and Rubirosa must navigate their way through the details in hopes of bringing the real culprit to justice.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Reseda	Drama	9.5	When a bank robber hands a teller a photo of her kidnapped son, she quickly hands over the money in order to save his life. Uncovering details, Morales and Jaruszalski soon become suspicious of the kidnapping. When a second bank is robbed with the same motive, a potential suspect comes to the surface and the team finds themselves in a dangerous situation -- and one of their own pays the price. Meanwhile, DDA's Dekker and Rubirosa disagree with DA Hardin's prosecution strategy, so they devise their own game plan so the bank robber is behind bars for good.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Runyon Canyon	Drama	9.5	When pre-med freshman Beth Garrett is found strangled to death, a mysterious text leads the detectives to a potential suspect. After some investigating at her sorority, the detectives learn that there is more to this mild mannered bookworm than initially meets the eye. Meanwhile, DDA's Dekker and Rubirosa are forced to change their strategy when game-changing evidence is discovered at the last minute.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Hayden Tract	Drama	9.5	When a crazed gunman open fires during a rally with State Senator Celeste Kelman, seven innocent people are killed including the Senator. With the help of modern technology, the detectives identify a solid lead and possible motive for the shooting. At the DDA's office, tensions are running high when Dekker and Rubirosa disagree on how to handle the case. Meanwhile, TJ gets himself into a sticky situation as he continues his quest to find his dead partner's killer.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Big Rock Mesa	Drama	9.5	When a destructive wildfire suddenly rips through the hills of Malibu, arson is immediately suspected. Once the blaze is contained, the detectives soon realize that a second fire was intended to cover up a gruesome crime. Meanwhile, DDA's Dekker and Rubirosa stumble upon some information crucial to the case.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Angel's Knoll	Drama	9.5	Following a heated argument with his cousin, casino worker George Patrick is found brutally murdered in his hotel bathtub. However, after talking with the victim's girlfriend, they discover that more than one crime has been committed. Meanwhile, DDA's Dekker and Rubirosa reluctantly strike a deal with those involved in order to convict the real mastermind.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Plummer Park	Drama	9.5	When cops are called to the home of Nick and Amy Libergal, they are surprised to discover two Russian men armed with guns and Nick dead in his bathtub. While Winters and Jaruszalski work to trace the men back to a ringleader, the case takes an unsuspecting turn when a second crime comes into play. Meanwhile, DDA's Dekker and Stanton must move quickly in order to get their key witnesses to testify before they are extradited back to Russia.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Carthay Circle	Drama	9.5	When Kim Ho Lee is found dead by a neighbor, the detectives suspect her live-in boyfriend of murder until they stumble upon his dead body. As Winters and Jazuszalski begin digging into Joyner's past, they learn that he was hired to collect voter signatures in order to put a controversial proposition back on the ballot. However, when surprising details are uncovered, DDA's Morales and Price find their case in jeopardy and justice hanging in the balance.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	El Sereno	Drama	9.5	When a horrific mass murder occurs at a primarily Hispanic office, the detectives immediately begin investigating the remaining employees, as well as their clients. After arresting a potential suspect, the case comes to a sudden halt when a claim of racial profiling is made against the unlikeliest of sources. DDA's Dekker and Stanton are forced to navigate through tricky waters in hopes of proving their case.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Van Nuys	Drama	9.5	A birthday party turns into a horrific scene after all of the guests are beaten to death by some uninvited visitors. With several clues left behind, the detectives are led to believe it was drug related. However, when they learn one of the guests escaped it leads them to a shocking discovery about the murders. Meanwhile, DDA's Morales and Price ask for fellow DDA Dekker's help to convict the culprit.
867	Law & Order: Los Angeles	Westwood	Drama	9.5	When Javier Gomez is found dead at UCLA, the detectives learn that protecting his sister Malia, a star soccer player, may have lead to his murder. After speaking with Malia and her boyfriend Eric Kenter, Winters and Jaruszalski are led on a path to uncover the suspect, only to discover the case taking a surprising turn. With the prosecution losing ground, DDA's Morales and Price are faced with the difficult task of uncovering the truth.
870	Battlestar Galactica: Blood & Chrome	Battlestar Galactica: Blood & Chrome	Drama	8.4	Battlestar Galactica: Blood & Chrome (a prequel to the critically acclaimed hit series, Battlestar Galactica) takes place in the midst of the First Cylon war. As the battle between humans and their creation, the sentient robotic Cylons, rages across the 12 colonial worlds, a young, talented fighter pilot, William Adama, finds himself assigned to one of the most powerful battlestars in the Colonial fleet: the Galactica. Full of ambition and in pursuit of the intense action that the Cylon war promises, Adama quickly finds himself at odds with his co-pilot, the battle-weary officer Coker. With only 47 days left in his tour of duty, Coker desires an end to battle just as much as Adama craves the start of it. Though they clash at first, the two men forge an unlikely bond when a routine escort mission with an enigmatic passenger turns dangerous and becomes a pivotal one for the desperate fleet.
871	Bunheads	Bunheads	Drama	8.0	A former ballerina turned Vegas showgirl decides to take a gamble on a new marriage and a fresh start in Paradise, CA.
879	Rude Tube	Rude Tube	Comedy	none	In a fast-paced review of the video viral revolution, Alex Zane presents a countdown of the funniest, rudest and most bizarre video clips to have taken the internet by storm.
888	Top Chef Duels	Top Chef Duels	Cooking	none	Bravo Media turns up the heat in a new culinary competition series "Top Chef Duels" premiering Wednesday, August 6 at 10 PM ET/PT as the network brings back the best culinary talent ever seen on "Top Chef" and "Top Chef Masters" for a gastronomic battle royale of epic proportions. Hosted by celebrity chef Curtis Stone, the newest iteration of the Emmy Award-winning franchise pits eighteen of the biggest, boldest and most talked-about personalities from past seasons against one another in high-stakes cooking challenges designed to test their passion and imagination in the kitchen. In addition to his role as host, Curtis Stone will also anchor the judges' table with Gail Simmons, while chefs Wolfgang Puck and Hugh Acheson along with other special guests will round out the judging panel throughout the series. In each episode, two chefs will face-off in three rounds of head-to-head battles testing their skill, creativity and speed. Rivalries will be intensified as "Top Chef Duels" ups the ante and allows the competing chefs to each pick one mini-duel based on the other's perceived weaknesses in the kitchen. The third and final challenge of each episode will decide who moves on to compete in the ultimate high-stakes season finale where 10 chefs will be confronted with split second decisions as they lay it all on the line in the greatest challenge of their careers. In the end, only one chef will earn bragging rights and win the $100,000 grand prize and a culinary adventure that will be featured in Food and Wine Magazine.
889	Benidorm	Benidorm	Comedy	6.0	Comedy series following regular and first-time holidaymakers as they visit the Solana Resort in Benidorm. All the guests have one thing in common: a quest to get value for their hard-earned Euros.
889	Benidorm	Episode 1	Comedy	6.0	A new batch of holiday-makers arrive at the Solana resort, including Lancashire's reigning pub quiz champion, the Oracle, and his doting mum - who he refers to as his PA. Meanwhile, the Garvey family have to contend with their foul-mouthed, chain-smoking grandma and children who do not appreciate the hot weather.
889	Benidorm	Episode 2	Comedy	6.0	Martin and Kate set off for a trip into the town centre, but the outing ends in disaster when they become lost. Meanwhile, everyone seems to be worried about Chantelle's pregnancy - except Madge, who's convinced it's a deliberate attempt to ruin her holiday. Gavin and Troy are left open-mouthed at the evening's entertainment at Neptune's.
889	Benidorm	Episode 3	Comedy	6.0	Janice begins to come to terms with Chantelle's pregnancy, while all-day sunbather Madge struggles to understand the risk she is taking. Donald and Jacqueline try to hide their worries when Kelly announces her engagement to Mateo - and it seems their fears may be rooted in reality.
889	Benidorm	Episode 4	Comedy	6.0	Madge gives the wrong impression to Donald and Jacqueline, resulting in an awkward bedroom encounter. Troy gets drunk and flirts with Mateo, and the Oracle tries to demonstrate his pool-playing prowess to Chantelle. Meanwhile, in Neptune's, Janice has her suspicions about Susie.
889	Benidorm	Episode 5	Comedy	6.0	Mick forces his family to enter a pub quiz with a big cash prize, and is shocked to win the money. A furious Oracle demands a recount - and turns nasty when his request is refused. Madge fails to keep quiet after Kate tells her about Martin's infertility, and Donald tries to reassure Gavin about Troy
889	Benidorm	Episode 6	Comedy	6.0	The Garveys have a trip to the beach, where a cash-strapped Mick falls victim to a con, and later receives even worse news from a mystery photographer. Martin tells Kate he thinks her fling with Mateo has livened up their relationship, and the Oracle decides it is time he stopped going on holiday with his mum.
889	Benidorm	Episode 1	Comedy	6.0	Kate and Martin have decamped to a nearby picturesque village - but find more than a chocolate on the pillow in their room. The Garveys return to the Solana in the company of Madge's new boyfriend Mel, who is the owner of five sunbed shops and is Didsbury's answer to Julio Iglesias. Their holiday does not get off to the best of starts when Mel's diving competition with the Oracle leads to a near fatal accident.
889	Benidorm	Episode 2	Comedy	6.0	Martin and Kate fail to get away from the resort and find themselves babysitting Telle's youngster Coolio. Mel decides not to tackle Wuthering Heights at the karaoke night following his near-death experience, and springs a surprise on Madge.
889	Benidorm	Episode 3	Comedy	6.0	Holiday fever takes its toll as Madge seems determined - despite Janice's pleas - to marry a man she has only known for five minutes, while an arm-wrestling match dreamed up by the Oracle and his mum provides a chance to settle old scores.
889	Benidorm	Episode 4	Comedy	6.0	The gang sets off on what is believed to be a free trip to see a bullfight - an experience that upsets the animal-lovers but brings out the savage in Madge. Meanwhile, Telle strikes up an unlikely friendship with the Oracle.
889	Benidorm	Episode 5	Comedy	6.0	Kelly's mother Sylvia (guest star Wendy Richard) arrives to sort out Mateo, but ends up being accused of messing with Madge's man. The mobility chairs square up as an unseemly slanging match leads to a High Noon-style confrontation by the pool.
889	Benidorm	Episode 6	Comedy	6.0	Donald and Jacqueline help Kelly take revenge on Mateo in their own unique way, while Janice gets back at Mick for forgetting their anniversary by enjoying the flattering attentions of handsome young admirer Jack.
889	Benidorm	Episode 7	Comedy	6.0	Janice's admirer Jack outstays his welcome, while Gavin's mother Dorothy puts in a brief appearance. Drink interferes with the course of true love when the Oracle has his big date with Telle and the gang gathers for Mel and Madge's beach wedding.
889	Benidorm	Episode 8	Comedy	6.0	Mick interrupts Mel's romantic stroll with Madge and attempts to dissuade him from getting married, while Kate has some unexpected news for Martin. Mel and the Oracle go head to head once again - with disastrous consequences - and Mick has another run-in with the law.
889	Benidorm	Episode 1	Comedy	6.0	The gang returns for a goodwill stay at the Solana after being held hostage by drug dealers on their last holiday. Mel recruits Mick to run his new mobility shop, the Oracle's search for love goes on and Martin appears to have ditched wife Kate for a younger model.
889	Benidorm	Episode 2	Comedy	6.0	Mick upsets Janice during a trip to the Callosa waterfalls, putting a strain on their relationship, while Brandy plays a practical joke on Martin that exposes his gullible side. Noreen comes to the conclusion her son, the Oracle, must be gay. Comedy, starring Steve Pemberton, Nicholas Burns and Johnny Vegas, with clubland entertainer
889	Benidorm	Episode 3	Comedy	6.0	The Oracle is given the runaround from a blind date with a big secret, and Brandy seduces Mateo while Martin is not paying attention. Mel sets his heart on buying local tourist spot Peacock Island - but first he must find the mysterious Spanish owner.
889	Benidorm	Episode 4	Comedy	6.0	Madge suspects her estranged daughter has turned up at the Solana with her eyes on Mel's money. Meanwhile, a cockney conman (guest star Robin Askwith from the Confessions films) starts working his charm on the guests.
889	Benidorm	Episode 5	Comedy	6.0	Gavin begins to suspect Troy is cheating on him and the Oracle's tall tales get him into trouble with the police. A visit from Martin's mother Diana (guest star Una Stubbs) fails to raise his spirits, and Mel treads the boards with Madge at the Benidorm Palace.
889	Benidorm	Episode 6	Comedy	6.0	Donald's practical joker pal Wink causes a stir when he checks in, Martin begs Kate to take him back and the Oracle tells his mum Noreen he is leaving home. Madge and Mel decide to stay and pursue a new business in the resort, but need to get permission from the deputy mayor.
889	Benidorm	Episode 1	Comedy	6.0	The Garveys arrive to stay at Madge's luxury villa, only to discover she has sold it to a TV personality and promptly disappeared. While Troy nurses his ailing father back at home, Gavin turns up at the Solana resort with a new companion - his salon underling Kenneth - who seems determined to take advantage of the free food, and Mateo struggles to get used to his surprising new colleague at the pool bar.
889	Benidorm	Episode 2	Comedy	6.0	Donald and Jacqueline start a collection to help Madge through her financial troubles, but she proves less than grateful. The Garveys visit a water park, only to discover Noreen has brought along her irritable daughter Pauline. Mateo plans to get rid of his annoyingly efficient new workmate, and there's trouble when Sam and Natalie hit a nightclub with Liam in tow
889	Benidorm	Episode 3	Comedy	6.0	Mateo's first aqua-aerobics class at the Solana is marred by a medical emergency, and he is forced to ask for help. The Garveys decide on a risky strategy after a gangster gives them a shock about their finances, and Pauline presents Noreen with another problem. Liam and Natalie's closeness frustrates Sam, while Gavin grows suspicious of Kenneth's sudden wealth.
889	Benidorm	Episode 4	Comedy	6.0	A freak storm delays Pauline's return flight and tempts her to have a drink. Les struggles to keep the punters entertained, and Janice is shocked to run into an old flame. Natalie has to juggle the attentions of both Liam and Mateo, who are equally determined to win her affections, and Michael looks set to experience his first holiday romance. Meanwhile, Donald reveals his health situation may be a little more serious than he originally thought
889	Benidorm	Episode 5	Comedy	6.0	As the holiday-makers look forward to a 1980s night at the Solana, Madge considers buying a bar in Benidorm and Kenneth takes Gavin on a trip to help him relax. Pauline has fallen off the wagon and Liam is determined to win Natalie's heart, even though she is interested in Mateo
889	Benidorm	Episode 6	Comedy	6.0	The Garveys prepare to celebrate the opening of Madge's new bar, until Lucky Kev starts dishing out free tickets for the Terra Mitica theme park. Donald goes missing and his clothes are found on the nudist beach, with a note for Jacqueline. Pauline starts drinking again as tension mounts over the outcome of her divorce, and Troy turns up, bringing life-changing news
889	Benidorm	Episode 1	Comedy	6.0	A new manager arrives at the Solana determined to transform it into a four-star hotel, but the start of the holiday season proves chaotic for the staff as well as the guests. Mate and Les/Lesley are barely keeping things under control, while a coachload of angry tourists, including Gavin and Noreen, have all had their luggage misplaced by a travel company.
889	Benidorm	Episode 2	Comedy	6.0	The guests take part in a dance contest organised by the Solana's new manager Joyce, but test the patience of her old flame Cyril, who is supervising rehearsals. Kenneth hires a salon assistant, but she is not up to the job when her first client arrives, and Janice is shocked to see Jack for the first time in several years at the pool bar - but is mystified when he pretends not to know her.
889	Benidorm	Episode 3	Comedy	6.0	Mick is horrified when his dim-witted brother Pete arrives for his stag night with their dad Stan in tow, while Gavin thinks Troy has broken up with him and agrees to a date with Emilio. Trudy hatches a plan to kiss Mateo by pretending to drown in the pool while he is on duty as a lifeguard, but her hopes of some extended mouth-to-mouth resuscitation are ruined by the arrival of Les dressed as Pamela Anderson.
889	Benidorm	Episode 4	Comedy	6.0	Trudy tries to be ladylike for 24 hours to win a bet with Sam, while Joyce invites Costa Class magazine's hotel critic to visit and instructs Mateo to cook an authentic paella for him. The Garveys are alarmed by rumours of a gang kidnapping people and stealing their organs, so are convinced Madge has been abducted when Michael sees a stranger bundling her into a car.
889	Benidorm	Episode 5	Comedy	6.0	The British Olympic synchronised swimming squad is in town to practise, and Liam is more than happy to escort them on a sightseeing tour up the coast. But it seems the attractive young ladies are intent on joining a booze cruise, the very same one that several other Solana regulars are heading for in search of some hot party action. Meanwhile, Madge has found herself a new man, and is already talking marriage.
889	Benidorm	Episode 6	Comedy	6.0	Madge prepares for her wedding to Mohammed, but as Mick and Michael discover, the groom is not being entirely truthful with his bride-to-be. Joyce hires a spy, convinced someone is feeding negative information about the hotel to the local press, and Trudy tricks Sam into thinking she had a drunken romp with Liam - who she would not dream of touching with a bargepole
889	Benidorm	Episode 7	Comedy	6.0	Joyce is convinced that new guest Mrs Simmonds is the hotel inspector, and is determined nothing will go wrong. But when she argues with Kenneth over non-payment of rent, the pair end up fighting and fall into the pool - a farce witnessed by the mystery guest. Meanwhile, a pair of shady-looking characters come looking for Donald, and Michael tries to reunite the Garveys after a bitter argument.
889	Benidorm	Episode 1	Comedy	6.0	Return of the hit comedy set in a Spanish seaside resort. The Garveys only get as far as Alicante Airport before their holiday starts to go wrong, while swingers Donald and Jacqueline stage a protest when manager Joyce refuses to give them a room, despite having previously promised them a free break. Elsewhere, Kenneth is terrified by strange messages he's been receiving at the hair salon, until Liam and Lesley intervene, and a new family arrives at the Solana
889	Benidorm	Episode 2	Comedy	6.0	When hunky Jason Gallagher (former Brookside star Philip OIivier) turns up at the Solana looking for work, Mateo gives him short shrift, telling him there are no jobs available. However, when the barman skives off, the newcomer seizes the opportunity to stand in for him without permission, and quickly attracts a crowd with his cocktail-making skills. Manager Joyce is impressed and offers him a week's trial, but Mateo is soon battling to reclaim the limelight. Meanwhile, Tiger leads Michael astray by persuading him to help steal the hotel's all-inclusive wristbands and sell them in town
889	Benidorm	Episode 3	Comedy	6.0	Liam bumps into the beautiful Bianca and decides that he's fallen in love, and Donald and Jacqueline receive sad news about their friend Big Donna. Martin Weedon arrives at the resort for what proves to be a rowdy stag do, and Madge is determined to stir things up with the Dyke family, so Janice, Mick, Tonya and Clive all do their best to ignore her.
889	Benidorm	Episode 4	Comedy	6.0	Following the stag weekend, best man Martin wakes up in bed next to Bianca, but there's a shock in store when she reveals her true age and he steels himself to face the music with Clive and Tonya. Meanwhile, Kenneth has a crisis at the salon, and when Joyce sets up a volleyball court by the pool, umpire Mateo bends the rules of the game so he can win a bet against Tiger and Michael.
889	Benidorm	Episode 5	Comedy	6.0	Joyce leaves Les in charge when she takes time off, but he soon ruffles feathers and the staff stage a mass walkout after Mateo gets the sack. Meanwhile, the Solana manageress goes on a secret date with fellow hotel boss Beverley. However, when she bumps into her old flame Cyril (returning guest star Matthew Kelly), she seizes the opportunity to escape with him to the beach - where a shock awaits
889	Benidorm	Episode 6	Comedy	6.0	Madge comes to terms with bad news from her doctor and makes the most of her last few days in the sun, while Mick braces himself to tell the family about her diagnosis. Kenneth decides to go on a health kick, hiring Liam as his personal trainer, and the Solana guests take part in an eating competition, organised by Cyril in his new role as assistant manager. He's keen to ensure they use the cheapest food available, and the resulting hog roast leads to the contestants taking on more than they bargained for.
889	Benidorm	Episode 7	Comedy	6.0	The CEO of the Solana Hotel Group (guest star Joan Collins) tells Joyce to downgrade the resort to its original three-star status, and she agrees, but not before she's made sure Cyril's reputation remains untarnished. Meanwhile, Donald and Jacqueline's old friend Queenie (Rustie Lee) is in town for a party with the local swingers' association and arranges for Donald to meet his all-time hero Pepe Le Cruz and his wife Agnes (The Krankies). Pedalo-hire girl Elena comes looking for Michael, and Kenneth has an unexpected visitor at the salon.
889	Benidorm	Episode 1	Comedy	6.0	Return of the hit comedy set in a Spanish seaside resort. There's a bad atmosphere at the Solana as Joyce is told to make staff cuts, while Tiger is also angry - his cards and cash have been stolen, forcing him to rely on his dad, who's having a few marriage problems. The Garveys, embarking on their final holiday after seven series, are worried Madge is being stalked, and Jacqueline is at the hotel with a male companion, having arranged a wife swap with Donald to mark their 25th wedding anniversary.
889	Benidorm	Episode 2	Comedy	6.0	The Garveys meet Buck A Roo, who reveals that a multimillion-pound inheritance is Madge's for the taking, but they're not convinced. Kenneth asks a clairvoyant customer, Psychic Sue, to hold a seance to contact his mother, but the message he receives appears to be for someone else. A sympathetic Jacqueline starts to get bored with Glynn's stories, while Clive makes the most of the single life.
889	Benidorm	Episode 3	Comedy	6.0	The Oracle and his mother stage a return, having heard about the big quiz Lesley is hosting. Clive's sister Terri also arrives at the Solana resort, while Blow & Go branches out into botox - and Mateo and Joyce both want a slice of the action.
889	Benidorm	Episode 4	Comedy	6.0	Les's ex Gloria (former Coronation Street star Denise Black) arrives at the Solana to lure her son Liam back to the UK. Kenneth promises to find an antidote for the mystery injections he gave Joyce, and heads off to seek advice from his old friend Mr Wu. Glynn comes up with the perfect day out for Jacqueline, while the Oracle hopes to impress everyone by walking barefoot across hot coals
889	Benidorm	Episode 5	Comedy	6.0	CEO Crystal (Joan Collins) is back, and she's about to turn Joyce's world upside down. Taken out to lunch, the Solana manager learns the staff budget is being cut by half, and that she's being replaced by someone cheaper - her predecessor Janey (Crissy Rock). The Oracle's Romanian fiancee Ionela arrives in Benidorm, believing he's a successful businessman, while Glynn asks Jacqueline to take some singing lessons so she can perform with him and his bandmates at Neptune's. Kenneth and Liam launch a Blow & Go makeover competition, which attracts some very unlikely entrants
889	Benidorm	Episode 6	Comedy	6.0	Following CEO Crystal's whirlwind visit, a dejected, jobless Joyce tries to relax by the pool, but her morning is ruined when the new manager reinstates Jason Gallagher (former Brookside star Philip Olivier) at the bar. And when Janey and Jason find a letter offering Joyce a new job, they formulate a despicable plan. Elsewhere, the Oracle opens up to Noreen while trapped in a lift with his mum for the day, but who will take advantage of his predicament to make a move on Ionela? Clive falls victim to a dishonest holiday-home saleswoman and her accomplice.
889	Benidorm	Episode 7	Comedy	6.0	Mateo reveals his home life is a disaster - his mother-in-law Dolores is threatening to kill him - so Lesley urges the barman to move out and start a new life. But will it be that easy? Clive, Tiger and Terri come up with a plan to retrieve Clive's 5,000 euros from dodgy property developer Monty, while Psychic Sue drops by Blow & Go with a message for Liam. Jacqueline and Glynn look forward to a reunion with their real partners, but when Riannon arrives, there's no sign of Donald.
894	Paw Patrol	Paw Patrol	Comedy	none	"Paw Patrol" stars a pack of six heroic rescue pups - Chase, Marshall, Rocky, Rubble, Zuma and Skye - who are led by a tech-savvy boy named Ryder. Together they work hard to protect the Adventure Bay community believing, "no job is too big, no pup is too small!" The series features a curriculum that focuses on citizenship, social skills and problem-solving.
894	Paw Patrol	Pups Save an Elephant Family	Comedy	none	The pups go on a safari and wind up reuniting a family of elephants.A group of rowdy kittens wreak havoc on the town.
894	Paw Patrol	Pups Save the Woof and Roll Show	Comedy	none	Luke Stars is coming to Adventure Bay! The whole town is looking forward to the pop stars show, especially Rubble and a star struck Mayor Goodway. On the big day, the pups wake up to a mess as a storm has blown the whole town apart, including the stage. The Paw Patrol is busy at work fixing the stage and corralling the eager audience when Luke calls to say the bridge is out. Ryder sends Zuma and Skye to airlift Luke and his equipment from one side of the bridge to safety of Ryder's ATV, then to the stage where he wows the audience, with a little help from Rubble.
894	Paw Patrol	Pups Save an Eagle	Comedy	none	While enjoying a hike in the woods, Mayor Goodway's backpack slips down the side of a cliff, with Chickaletta in it! The backpack is perched way out on a limb, with an eagles nest not far away and Mayor Goodway is sure Chickaletta will be the eagles lunch! Ryder calls Chase to winch the backpack and EMT Marshall just in case the chicken falls. No sooner do the pups rescue Chickaletta than they discover the eagle is caught in twine and tied to her own nest. Skye swallows all her fear and rescues the eagle by executing some sneaky maneuvers to get close enough to bite the twine to free the majestic bird. That pups gotta fly!
894	Paw Patrol	Pups Bark With Dinosaurs	Comedy	none	The pups must catch three baby pterodactyls after they hatch from fossilized eggs unearthed on an excavation dig.
895	Rake	Rake	Drama	8.0	On a single day, Keegan Deane is described as many things. His ex-wife-calls him "unreliable"; his son calls him a "pal"; most judges think he's "an outrage"; the IRS calls him a "defendant"; and to his former dealer, he's simply a "tragic loss." Brilliant, frustratingly charming and with zero filter, Keegan is one of life's great addicts. His staggering lack of discretion and inability to self-censor land him the cases that nobody else will touch, but behind that lies a resolute optimism and belief in justice that fuel his dogged determination to defend those who seem beyond redemption. He always tries to do the right thing, but at the same time struggles to save himself from the many self-destructive elements that plague his own life, such as his overindulgence of various excesses, including women and gambling.
896	Sanjay and Craig	Sanjay and Craig	Comedy	none	"Sanjay and Craig" is a 20-episode series that tells a beautiful story about two best friends -- one of whom is a snake -- and the true adventures of being a kid.
896	Sanjay and Craig	Street Dogg	Comedy	none	After rapper Street Dogg moves to Lundgren, Sanjay and Craig are stunned after they find out about his past.
896	Sanjay and Craig	Hot Heads	Comedy	none	The kids get overheated before diving into a lake.
896	Sanjay and Craig	Lundgren Loner	Comedy	none	Sanjay is on his own for a whole afternoon.
896	Sanjay and Craig	Bike-o-Psycho	Comedy	none	Sanjay and Craig find an abandoned bike and nurse it back to life, but they must deal with the owner who wants it back.
896	Sanjay and Craig	Beauty and the Beard	Comedy	none	Sanjay is excited that Penny and Belle are sleeping over at his house.
897	Reckless	Reckless	Drama	8.5	RECKLESS is set in Charleston, S.C., where a gorgeous Yankee litigator and a charming southern attorney must hide their intense mutual attraction as a police sex scandal threatens to tear the city apart.
900	Batman: The Brave and The Bold	Batman: The Brave and The Bold	Action	8.0	Batman isn't going at it alone this time! From Warner Bros. Animation comes the latest interpretation of the classic Batman franchise. Our caped crusader is teamed up with heroes from across the DC Universe, delivering nonstop action and adventure with a touch of comic relief. Blue Beetle, Green Arrow, Aquaman and countless others will get a chance to uphold justice alongside Batman. Though still based in Gotham, Batman will frequently find himself outside city limits, facing situations that are both unfamiliar and exhilarating. With formidable foes around every corner, Batman will still rely on his stealth, resourcefulness and limitless supply of cool gadgets to bring justice home.
905	Hercules: The Legendary Journeys	Hercules: The Legendary Journeys	Action	6.5	Long ago... In a time of myth and legend, when ancient gods plagued man with suffering - only one man dared to challenge their power. Hercules!Kevin Sorbo's fresh, hip and good-natured spin on the legendary hero carried this witty, adventure-filled action drama to high critical acclaim. Smartly combining ancient myth with contemporary sensibilities, the series became one of television's highest rated programs.
906	Girlfriends	Girlfriends	Comedy	none	Girlfriends is a sophisticated comedy series that invites viewers into the lives of three professional African American women living in Los Angeles who are struggling with the weighty issues of life - men, love, money -- and more men. Girlfriends returns for its triumphant final year, providing an open, honest exploration of the hot-button issues about family, friends, relationships and life facing women today. With fearlessness and sincerity, the show takes on universal issues that interest all women. Whether it is being recently engaged, exploring your career or balancing friendships and a new baby, Girlfriends treats them all with tenderness, care and respect.
907	The Practice	The Practice	Drama	7.0	Set in Boston, The Practice centers on a firm of passionate attorneys to whom every case is important and every client worth a fight to the end. Pursuing justice, however, sometimes means crossing the line...
908	Queer as Folk	Queer as Folk	Drama	none	They're here, they're queer, and they make Sex and the City look like a demure tea party. Showtime's quintessentially American Queer As Folk--based on the British miniseries--pours on copious amounts of hot and steamy sex.
909	Perry Mason	Perry Mason	Drama	10.0	Perry Mason is an attorney who specializes in defending seemingly indefensible cases. With the aid of his secretary Della Street and investigator Paul Drake, he often finds that by digging deeply into the facts, startling facts can be revealed. Often relying on his outstanding courtroom skills, he often tricks or traps people into unwittingly admitting their guilt. The series began in 1957, running until 1974, and later revived in a series of TV movies. In over 270 episodes, Perry never lost a case!
910	Beavis and Butt-Head	Beavis and Butt-Head	Comedy	6.7	A national treasure in an age of idiocy… When Beavis and Butt-Head first appeared on MTV more than a decade ago, critics dismissed them as brainless couch potatoes who did nothing but watch TV and make lewd jokes about bodily functions. Today we know they were ahead of their time. Beavis and Butt-Head's unique idiocy profoundly changed television, movies, pop culture and the world.
911	Some Girls	Some Girls	Comedy	none	A comedy about group of quirky 18-year-old girls who live on the same inner city estate.
912	The Boondocks	The Boondocks	Comedy	9.0	In The Boondocks, Robert "Granddad" Freeman (John Witherspoon, Friday After Next) is the cantankerous legal guardian of his rambunctious grandkids Huey and Riley (Regina King-Southland and Ray) and has moved them from the south side of Chicago to the quiet and safety of "The Boondocks" (in this case, suburban Woodcrest), hoping that he can ignore them altogether and enjoy the golden years of his life in peace. But Huey, a 10-year-old left wing revolutionary, is determined not to enjoy the affluence of suburbia. This attitude is seconded by his 8-year-old brother, Riley, a proud product of contemporary rap culture. Although they torture each other and provoke the neighborhood, they are no match for Granddad, who is eccentric even by "crazy-ass-old-black-man" standards.
914	The Bachelor	The Bachelor	Romance	none	Millions of single women had mixed emotions when Chris Soules, the stylish farmer from Iowa, was sent home by Andi Dorfman on The Bachelorette. One of the final three men, Chris was dismissed after he had emotionally confessed his love to Andi, but that meant the handsome bachelor was back on the market. Now, he is ready to put his heartache behind him to search for the one missing piece in his life - true love - when he stars in the 19th edition of ABC's hit romance reality series, The Bachelor.
916	Ridiculousness	Ridiculousness	Comedy	none	Ridiculousness and Rob Dyrdek return with another incredible season of hysterical and absurd internet videos. Sterling "Stee-Lo" Brim and Chanel "West Coast" join Rob and another unbelievable line up of special guests, including rapper phenom Future, R&B singer/ songwriter Ne-Yo, and internet video super-team Smosh. This season's storm of new categories like "Power Kiss", "Everyday Demons", "Human Glitches", and "Magnet Feet" will leave you belly laughing for the rest of your life.
918	Pushing Daisies	Pushing Daisies	Comedy	8.3	As a young boy Ned discovers that he can return the dead briefly back to life with just one touch. But his random gift isn't without deadly consequences . . . as he soon finds out. Grown up Ned (Lee Pace) puts his talent to good use by touching dead fruit and making it ripe with everlasting flavor. He opens a pie shop. But his gift leaves him wary of becoming close to anyone, as beautiful waitress Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth) finds out. His life as a pie maker gets more complicated when private investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) finds out about Ned's secret. Emerson convinces the cash-strapped Ned to help him solve murder cases (and collect a hefty reward fee) by raising the dead and getting them to name their killers.
919	Attack on Titan	Attack on Titan	Action	9.3	Known in Japan as Shingeki no Kyojin, many years ago, the last remnants of humanity were forced to retreat behind the towering walls of a fortified city to escape the massive, man-eating Titans that roamed the land outside their fortress. Only the heroic members of the Scouting Legion dared to stray beyond the safety of the walls – but even those brave warriors seldom returned alive. Those within the city clung to the illusion of a peaceful existence until the day that dream was shattered, and their slim chance at survival was reduced to one horrifying choice: kill – or be devoured!
920	Waterloo Road	Waterloo Road	Drama	none	Contemporary drama series set in a challenging comprehensive school.
921	Cake Boss	Cake Boss	Cooking	9.0	"CAKE BOSS" is a popular docu-series following beloved baker Buddy Valastro, his larger-than-life family and burgeoning businesses.
921	Cake Boss	Circus, Celebrity Chef & Surprise!	Cooking	9.0	Buddy and his bakers get called by the Ringling Brotherscircus to create a special cake, complete with a ring of fire. Grace is ecstaticwhen Buddy gets a call to make a cake for Rachel Ray's fifth weddinganniversary and that she would like to visit the bakery. Buddy turns to Maurofor help in creating a special stork cake for Lisa for when they announce thepending arrival of their fourth child.
921	Cake Boss	Toilets & Textiles	Cooking	9.0	A local plumber wants Buddy to mike a life size toilet that actuallyflushes to commemorate the anniversary his family business. Buddy has anunusual request for a baby shower cake: a layer cake with the texture andvarious colors of denim.
921	Cake Boss	Snow Globe, Story Book Cake & a Scare	Cooking	9.0	A man wants Buddy to make a special snow globe cake for whenhe proposes to his girlfriend in Central Park. Buddy's daughter Sophia's classis having a special reading is fun party and he makes a cake for it, based on astory she wrote based on the school's mascot. Meanwhile Buddy's wife Lisa has ascare when she is rushed to the hospital with contractions.
921	Cake Boss	Cheeseburgers, Cures & a Challenge	Cooking	9.0	In honor of National Hamburger Month, a nearby bar owner hasrequested that Buddy make a special burger cake for a hamburger party he's planningon throwing. Hoboken's American Cancer Society chapter is having its annualRelay for Life fundraiser and turn to Buddy and the bakers at Carlo's to make alarge cake to serve at the event.
921	Cake Boss	Prize Cow, Pop-Tarts & Patience	Cooking	9.0	Buddy and a couple of his bakers arrive at a nearby dairyfarm, where the dairyman has a request to make a life-sized cow cake tocelebrate his favorite cow's birthday. A family arrives at the bakery with arequest for Buddy to make a special cake for their son, who is feeling homesickfor his old friends after his family moved to Hoboken.
921	Cake Boss	Spirits & Spumoni	Cooking	9.0	Buddy goes on a ghost hunt at the new cake factory when anew client comes in, requesting a Jersey Devil cake. Now that they're expandingthe bakery, Buddy and Joey decided to start making some of their "old school"Italian recipes by beginning with a spumoni ice cream cake.
921	Cake Boss	Liberty, Layups & a Loaded Dinner	Cooking	9.0	Buddy and his staff are asked tomake a special cake to commemorate the 125th anniversary of theStatue of Liberty. While they are working on the cake, everyone starts to congratulateMauro on gaining his American citizenship. Buddy then creates a basketballthemed cake for Bob Hurley, a beloved high school basketball coach, who hasbeen at the helm of St. Anthony High School's basketball team for the past 40years. Meanwhile, Mary gives the family a piece of her mind at dinner thatcauses her to get into hot water.
921	Cake Boss	Cake Of Thrones	Cooking	9.0	Buddy learns about Ralph's Live Action Role Play when he is asked to make a mythical griffin cake; a worldly cake for foreign exchange students; Mauro gets a makeover.
921	Cake Boss	Sweet Chicken and Sweeter Revenge	Cooking	9.0	The anniversary of a local restaurant whose special is chicken and waffles; a monster cake for a daycare center; the girls get their revenge on prank master, Frankie.
921	Cake Boss	Lights, Camera, Cake	Cooking	9.0	Creating a cake for the Tribeca Film Festival; popcorn-flavored filling; a longtime customer places a special order; baking a sweet 16 cake.
921	Cake Boss	College, Cherry and Challenges	Cooking	9.0	Welcoming spring with a Cherry Blossom cake for a park; celebrating Rob's graduation; a young culinary student from England daringly claims he can make a better cannoli than the boss.
921	Cake Boss	Mother's Day and Men in Uniform	Cooking	9.0	Momma is back from Florida and sees the bakery for the first time since the renovation; making a cake for the US Navy celebrating Fleet Week; Grace finds a new hobby.
922	The Ultimate Fighter	The Ultimate Fighter	Drama	none	Fighters are competing for an UFC contract.
923	Primeval	Primeval	Drama	8.6	When rips in time called anomalies started opening across the UK, dangerous creatures from the past and future began appearing in the most unexpected places, endangering lives and placing the whole of humanity at risk.A crack team of specialists were appointed by the government to investigate and control "creature incursions," creating the Anomaly Research Center (ARC), which was later privatized. Matt, Abby, Connor and Becker do the field work while Jessmans the ARC control station under the leadership of government official James Lester and the mysterious scientist, Philip Burton
924	Naked and Afraid: Uncensored	Naked and Afraid: Uncensored	Adventure	none	Each week on "Naked and Afraid: Uncensored", a new pair of total strangers are faced with the ultimate survival challenge: survive for 21 days together with no clothes or supplies in some of the most dangerous environments in the world. In addition to the landscape itself working against the duo, the local wildlife stalks looks to prey on them as well. Of course, the biggest complication for any of the couples might end up being their own clashing egos. This "uncensored" variation includes never-before-seen footage.
924	Naked and Afraid: Uncensored	Alligator Alley	Adventure	none	An Army mother and a Marine test their military survival training to the test in the Florida Everglades.
924	Naked and Afraid: Uncensored	Rumble in the Jungle	Adventure	none	Christina and Steve take on the Mexican jungles of Quintana Roo for 21 days. But with each sleepless bug-filled night tensions between them mount, and in the end, the greatest threat to their survival might be each other.
924	Naked and Afraid: Uncensored	Mayan Sacrifice	Adventure	none	Luke, a go-getter from Southern California, and Alyssa, a positive survival instructor, take on the rugged coast of the Yucatan. As dehydration, hunger, and the threat of caiman kick in… will the survivalists win or lose to this perilous coastline?
924	Naked and Afraid: Uncensored	Edge of Madness	Adventure	none	Two survivalists take on the hot and hellish conditions of Guyana's equatorial savannah. Slammed from day one by the heat, they battle debilitating health issues, a team dynamic breakdown, critical survival malfunctions and a massive psychological decline.
924	Naked and Afraid: Uncensored	Uncensored	Adventure	none	Survivalists are sent to Florida to face alligators, snakes and mosquitoes; surviving the jungles of Mexico.
924	Naked and Afraid: Uncensored	Fire on the Mountain	Adventure	none	Avid outdoorsman Trenton and novice survivalist Jen take on high elevation in the peaks of Udhampur, India. With relentlessly cold nights and an unexpected wildfire, their chances of surviving the 21-day challenge might go up in flames.
924	Naked and Afraid: Uncensored	Lord of the Rats	Adventure	none	A workaholic mom and a loner are challenged to survive three weeks in Thailand. Competing with monkeys and rats for food, it's a daily struggle not only to survive, but to understand each other. Will they be able to come together as a team?
924	Naked and Afraid: Uncensored	Colombian Conflict	Adventure	none	A New Yorker and a nature-loving vegetarian attempt to survive in the Colombian jungle for twenty one days.
924	Naked and Afraid: Uncensored	Garden of Evil	Adventure	none	A Navy vet and a military mom tackle the harsh conditions of Mexico's uninhabitable Cayo Venado. A prowling black panther, tree sap poisonous to the touch, and a week of freezing rain lead this pair of survivalists right up to the breaking point.
924	Naked and Afraid: Uncensored	Redemption Road	Adventure	none	A former contestant returns and along with her partner tries to survive in the jungles of Guyana.
924	Naked and Afraid: Uncensored	Surthrive	Adventure	none	An independent mother of three, plus a jungle savvy Green Beret, take on the remote wetlands of Guyana. Battling disease-carrying sand flies, venomous snakes, and an infestation of caiman present huge challenges. Can this pair survive?
924	Naked and Afraid: Uncensored	Easier Said Than Done	Adventure	none	After a nationwide search, two lucky fans were selected to take on a special fourteen-day survival challenge. A nurturing mother, and an independent adventurer try to survive in the rainforests of Nicaragua. Can they conquer two weeks Naked and Afraid?
926	Ghost Adventures	Ghost Adventures	Adventure	8.0	Are you ready for the lockdown? The "Ghost Adventures" crew -- Zak Bagans, Nick Groff and Aaron Goodwin -- is back to investigate the scariest, most notorious, haunted places in the world. The trio will interview eyewitnesses and historians at each location, arming themselves with the stories of the ghosts they will later provoke and confront during their dusk-to-dawn lockdowns. (Note: They don't always come out unscathed!) Then they'll review and analyze their findings with some the most respected experts and specialists in the paranormal field.
926	Ghost Adventures	Edinburgh Manor	Adventure	8.0	A 150-year-old Edinburgh manor; an entity terrorizes and violently chokes people as they enter the manor.
926	Ghost Adventures	Old Montana State Prison	Adventure	8.0	Ghost Adventures travels to Deer Lodge, MT to investigate the Old Montana State Prison, the site of a 1959 deadly prison riot. The facility housed many dangerous prisoners during its 108 years as an operational prison. Hangings were routinely carried out on the prison grounds, and at one point, a mobile version of the gallows (currently residing on the property) was responsible for all of the hangings performed in Montana. The guys first speak with Don Deyott who was a former prison employee. Don tells a story about how a former officer was hesitant to go to the theater for fear of encountering the spirit of Turkey Pete. Melanie then tells them about Stanley Dean Baker, who was convicted of murder, and who also participated in devil worship during his incarceration.
926	Ghost Adventures	Old Lincoln County Hospital	Adventure	8.0	Ghost Adventures travels to Fayetteville, TN, home of the massive, abandoned Old Lincoln County Hospital - a crumbling wreck that's full of mold, mildew... and ghosts. The guys first meet Mark Kelso, who worked at the hospital for 15 years. Mark tells them about a little girl who died four hours after the last treatment he gave her. Zak talks to Mark in the room where she passed away, and Mark is overcome with emotion. Zak feels something touch his hand, and Mark says people have witnessed the spirit of the little girl in the hospital. Mark takes the crew on a tour, and provides a rare look at how death affects a hospital staff. He talks about patients who know they're going to die before they go, and says that nurses told him they saw an "Angel of Death" figure hovering over a dying patient.
929	The X Factor	The X Factor	Family	1.0	Worldwide, "The X Factor" has created global superstars such as Leona Lewis, One Direction, Cher Lloyd, Olly Murs, Little Mix and Rebecca Ferguson. Artists discovered by "The X Factor" format have sold more than 100 million records worldwide, including 110 No.1, 270 Top 10 and 501 Top 50 releases. Local versions of "The X Factor" are now produced in more than 40 territories and THE X FACTOR (USA) airs in 166 countries.
935	Reno 911!	Reno 911!	Comedy	8.0	From the network that has no business bringing you a cop show—it's RENO 911! Ride shotgun with the brave—and shameless—officers of the Reno Sheriff's Department for their unscripted adventures and high-octane thrills.
942	Pan Am	Pan Am	Drama	7.6	Passion, jealousy, espionage. They do it all and they do it at 30,000 feet. Mad Men's style meets Grey's Anatomy's entanglements in this thrilling and highly original new drama from producer Nancy Hult Ganis , writer Jack Orman and director Tommy Schlamme.
943	Saving Grace	Saving Grace	Drama	8.5	Holly Hunter stars as a detective who kills a man in a drunken car crash and is given a second chance at life from an angel.
945	Life on Mars	Life on Mars	Drama	8.3	From the studio that brought you Lost, comes the groundbreaking series that captured the imaginations of fans from coast to coast. With an irresistible soundtrack and one of the most celebrated casts on television, including Harvey Keitel, Michael Imperioli, Gretchen Mol and Jason O Mara, Life On Mars is a smart, suspenseful drama with a finish that will blow you away. Its one of those endings I believe will make you watch the series again, says Executive Producer Josh Appelbaum. There s a fine line between delusion and reality. NYPD detective Sam Tyler finds himself walking both sides of that line when he is suddenly hurtled back in time to 1973 after being struck by a car in 2008.Journey back to the 70s and uncover the secrets of Life On Mars. It s a strange and exhilarating ride raves the New York Times. Plus, with unique and exciting bonus features including an insiders view of where the shows concept began, a six million dollar moment in which 1970s legend Lee Majors steps back into the past with the cast and crew, and much more
947	Friends With Benefits	Friends With Benefits	Comedy	7.0	From Oscar and Emmy winner Brian Grazer, "Friends with Benefits" is a half-hour comedy revolving around a group of twentysomething singles as they navigate the difficult, sometimes rewarding, often confusing world of dating. Loyal and devoted to one another, these friends are never too busy to help a member of the group who might be in need. In fact, their companionship often extends into a more intimate setting - the bedroom.
951	Ben 10	Ben 10	Action	4.0	First premiering in January 2006, "Ben 10" is a Cartoon Network Original Animation Series that finds our hero, 10-year-old Ben Tennyson, discovering an alien "Omnitrix" watch that allows him the ability to transform into any one of ten alien superheroes! With the help of his Grandpa Max and "dweeb" cousin Gwen, Ben defeats his arch-nemesis Vilgax in the "Secret of the Omnitrix" movie special, leaving the planet earth safe from evil alien threats. In "Ben 10: Alien Force" (premiered April 2008), our hero is now fifteen years old and must once again use the Omnitrix to protect the earth from a new, sinister alien conspiracy that threatens to conquer the entire universe! This time around he has the help of not only his cousin Gwen (who is learning to master alien powers of her own), but his old nemesis Kevin Levin. Together, our trio of heroes span the globe (and galaxy!) to protect the earth from threats as they arise. Picking up immediately where "Ben 10: Alien Force" leaves off, "Ben 10: Ultimate Alien" (premiering April 2010) follows the now 16-year-old Ben as his life changes in major ways! The Omnitrix has been destroyed and Ben must now learn to master the secrets of the mysterious Ultimatrix, a new watch-like device that not only allows him to transform into a variety of alien super heroes, but also gives him the ability to activate evolved (or "ultimate") versions of some of his most powerful alien entities! That's only half of the changes in store for our hero, as a young savvy fanboy discovers Ben's secret identity and reveals it to the world! Faced with newfound stardom, Ben must deal with obsessive fans and skeptics who view him as a nuisance. With Gwen and Kevin still at his side, Ben continues his battle against incredible alien threats to the galaxy!
957	The Dresden Files	The Dresden Files	Drama	8.1	Based on Jim Butcher's best-selling novels, "The Dresden Files" chronicles the cases of no ordinary detective. Harry Dresden is a wizard, the only one listed in the Chicago phone book. He's got a handle on the crimes that can't be solved by anyone else. Paranormal? No problem. Dresden deals in all matters of supernatural threats. If you need a little hocus pocus or some other worldly advice, Dresden's your man.
960	Melrose Place	Melrose Place	Drama	5.5	A nighttime soap opera about the lives, careers, trials and tribulations of a group of young people living in an apartment building in the trendy neighborhood of Melrose Place. The show was a spin off of Beverly Hills 90210 and starred Heather Locklear as the scheming Amanda Woodward, head of her own advertising agency and owner of the apartment building.
961	The Lying Game	The Lying Game	Drama	none	The Lying Game follows Emma, a kind-hearted foster kid who learns she has an identical twin sister, Sutton. Sutton, unlike Emma, was adopted by wealthy parents and is seemingly living an ideal life. After their initial meeting, Sutton talks Emma into stepping into her life for a few days while she pursues a lead on the mysterious identity of their birth mother. After Sutton inexplicably fails to return to the girls' designated meeting place, Emma must decide whether to come clean about her identity and risk her own safety in the hope of uncovering her twin sister's whereabouts, along with the truth about why they were separated in the first place.
962	Hawaii Five-O	Hawaii Five-O	Action	8.7	Filmed entirely on location in Hawaii, the show followed Jack Lord as he played Steve McGarrett, head of an elite state police unit investigating "organized crime, murder, assassination attempts, foreign agents, felonies of every type." James MacArthur played his second-in-command Danny ("Danno") Williams, with local actors Kam Fong, Zulu, Al Harrington, and Herman Wedemeyer, among others, playing members of the Five-O team.
963	'Til Death	'Til Death	Comedy	6.0	In this new comedy, a pair of newlyweds, Jeff Woodcock and Steph Woodcock, who have been married 12 days, move in next door to a long-married couple. Eddie Stark and Joy Stark, who have been married for over 8,000 days, provide the younger couple with a surprising look at what their future might hold 'Til Death. Real-life husband & wife Josh Goldsmith and Cathy Yuspa are the show writers.
963	'Til Death	Pilot	Comedy	6.0	Eddie Stamm tries to talk his new neighbor Jeff out of getting a pool table.
963	'Til Death	Sex for Furniture	Comedy	6.0	Once discovering that their wives are trading sex for furniture and other such items, Jeff and Eddie try to turn their manipulation around to their advantage.
963	'Til Death	The Ring	Comedy	6.0	Eddie is forced to buy a diamond engagement ring for Joy after she hears the story about the Woodcocks' romantic engagement.
963	'Til Death	The Wood Pile	Comedy	6.0	Eddie battles with his wife to keep his precious pile of wood in their garage.
963	'Til Death	The Garage Band	Comedy	6.0	Jeff wants some alone time and find out Eddie's secret about his garage band.
963	'Til Death	Your Mother or Your Wife	Comedy	6.0	Eddie gives Jeff advice to make sure Steph won't get Jealous of his mother.
963	'Til Death	Dream Getaway	Comedy	6.0	Jeff gets Jealous of Eddie, when Steph tells him that she had a sex dream about him.
963	'Til Death	Death Sex	Comedy	6.0	Joy thinks Eddie might be dying.
963	'Til Death	The Toaster	Comedy	6.0	Eddie and Joy get into a fight about who's right and who's wrong.
963	'Til Death	Daddy's Girl	Comedy	6.0	Eddie and Joy are excited for their daughter Allison to come home for the holidays, but Eddie is perplexed when she turns to Joy for comfort after an unexpected break-up.
963	'Til Death	The Anniversary Party	Comedy	6.0	Eddie and Joy attend the 25th anniversary party of their neighbors Stan and Vicki, even though they forgot to RSVP.
963	'Til Death	The Hockey Lie	Comedy	6.0	Jeff finds out Steph lied about liking hockey.
963	'Til Death	Fight Friend	Comedy	6.0	Joy wants a new refrigerator. Eddie says no. Then Joy suggest that they see a counselor.
963	'Til Death	The Colleague	Comedy	6.0	Jeff start hanging out with the cool kids at school. In the mean time Joy is jealous when Eddie is spending more time with a female colleague of his instead of her.
963	'Til Death	The Bachelor Party	Comedy	6.0	Upon finding out that Jeff never had a bachelor party, Eddie decides to throw him one with Cofeld and Stan, much to Steph's dismay.
963	'Til Death	The Italian Affair	Comedy	6.0	Jeff develops pictures of a holiday Joy and Eddie took in Italy 20 years ago, much to Eddie's dismay.
963	'Til Death	Clay Date	Comedy	6.0	Eddie and Joy go visit Allison's college for Parent's Weekend and are horrified to find out her major.
963	'Til Death	I Heart Woodcocks	Comedy	6.0	The Cofelds become the Woodcocks' new best friends. To their horror, the Starks start to miss them.
963	'Til Death	The Coffeemaker	Comedy	6.0	When Steph gives a cappuccino machine to Eddie and Joy, it causes problems for both the Woodcocks and the Starks.
963	'Til Death	That's Ridiculous	Comedy	6.0	Joy leaves to spend spring break with Allison, leaving Eddie alone. But just when Eddie gets ready to have a great time, the TV stops working.
963	'Til Death	Webby's Not Happy	Comedy	6.0	Much to Eddie's dismay, Joy sets up his friend Webby with her friend Denise. Meanwhile, Steph insists on wearing a blouse Jeff finds hideous.
963	'Til Death	Summer of Love	Comedy	6.0	It's summer vacation and Allison comes home...with Doug. Meanwhile, Jeff is horrified by Steph's way of "working" on her thesis.
963	'Til Death	Performance Anxiety	Comedy	6.0	Eddie tells Joy that she needs to scale back on her over-singing in public and the amount of cleavage she shows.
963	'Til Death	Four Neighbors and a Funeral	Comedy	6.0	Eddie and Joy try to get a part in a neighbor's funeral, only after they discover that Jeff is a pallbearer and Steph is delivering the eulogy.
963	'Til Death	Come Out and Play	Comedy	6.0	Eddie fakes an injury to get out of playing in a basketball game, because he doesn't want his wife to know that he's a horrible player.
963	'Til Death	The Tale of the Tape	Comedy	6.0	Eddie agrees to review a porn DVD that Jeff rented at his wife's request to "spice things up" in the bedroom. But what will Joy think when she finds Eddie with the movie?
963	'Til Death	Mixed Doubles	Comedy	6.0	Eddie and Steph become yoga partners, while Jeff and Joy become tennis buddies.
963	'Til Death	Vintage Eddie	Comedy	6.0	Eddie gives Jeff a bottle of wine from Joy's liquor cabinet as a last-minute birthday present, not knowing that the bottle is worth hundreds of dollars.
963	'Til Death	Bedtime Stories	Comedy	6.0	Eddie shows no concern when Joy's new bedroom lamp doesn't work, mainly because his lamp works just fine.
963	'Til Death	No More Mr. Vice Guy	Comedy	6.0	Jeff is appointed as temporary principal of the school, and one of the first decisions he makes is to suspend Eddie without pay for disrespecting him.
963	'Til Death	Everybody Digs Doug	Comedy	6.0	Jeff hires Eddie and Joy's daughter's loser boyfriend, Doug, as Eddie's substitute teacher while he is suspended. And Joy refuses to back up Eddie when he says that Doug and Allison can't sleep together under their roof.
963	'Til Death	Really Big Brother	Comedy	6.0	Eddie signs up to be a Big Brother, but he is paired up with a grown man who has been in the system for 25 years.
963	'Til Death	Raisinette in the Sun	Comedy	6.0	Eddie thinks Kenny is wrong when he turns a case of bad service at a movie theatre concession stand into a racially-motivated incident, but he's afraid to confront him on it.
963	'Til Death	Snip/Duck	Comedy	6.0	When a pregnancy scare rattles Eddie and Joy, they decide that they need to take care of business.
963	'Til Death	Sob Story	Comedy	6.0	Joy confronts Eddie about his inability to show his emotions, and they go to a New Age guru to get help.
963	'Til Death	Second Marriage Guy	Comedy	6.0	Eddie and Jeff discover that Karl's second wife is really cool, and the two of them begin to fantasize on paper about their second wives.
963	'Til Death	Swimming with Starks	Comedy	6.0	Eddie thinks he's off the hook when Joy decides they should sit this anniversary out.
963	'Til Death	Speed Bumps	Comedy	6.0	Joy considers plastic surgery once she discovers that her boobs can no longer get her out of speeding tickets.
963	'Til Death	Joy Ride	Comedy	6.0	Eddie gets in trouble when he buys a sports car without consulting with Joy first, and he soon regrets getting rid of his old car.
963	'Til Death	Dreamguys	Comedy	6.0	When Joy awakens from a bad dream, she looks to Eddie for comfort, only to realize she was better off finding help in dreamland.
963	'Til Death	Sugar Dougie	Comedy	6.0	Eddie and Joy try to break up their daughter and her loser hippie boyfriend--until they discover that his family is filthy rich.
963	'Til Death	Philadelphia Freedom	Comedy	6.0	Eddie tells Joy that he would be willing to move downtown one day, only so that he can get hotel sex.
963	'Til Death	Circumdecision	Comedy	6.0	Eddie tries to talk Kenny out of getting circumcised because it would mean that he has to go a musical theatre series with Joy if he does.
963	'Til Death	Secret Meatball	Comedy	6.0	Eddie is disappointed when Joy finds out a pathetic "secret" he's been keeping from her for 20 years, mainly because it's the last thing she didn't know about him.
963	'Til Death	Doug and Ally Return	Comedy	6.0	Eddie and Joy's daughter Ally returns from Ecuador with her new husband, and they move their RV into their backyard.
963	'Til Death	Separate Beds	Comedy	6.0	Joy and Eddie decide to get separate beds after years of putting up with each other's sleep habits.
963	'Til Death	Eddie's Book	Comedy	6.0	Eddie sells his book idea to a publisher, and Ally discovers that Doug's father is rich and wants to give them money, but Doug doesn't want any of it.
963	'Til Death	No Complaints	Comedy	6.0	Eddie and Joy unsuccessfully vow to become less negative, while Kenny causes problems as a mall Santa.
963	'Til Death	The Courtship of Eddie's Parents	Comedy	6.0	While visiting Eddie's parents in Florida, Eddie and Joy learn that his parents are getting a divorce for insurance purposes.
963	'Til Death	The Ex-Factor	Comedy	6.0	When Joy discovers that her new, sexy friend once dated Eddie and got her heart broken, she begins seeing him in a new light.
963	'Til Death	The Buffer	Comedy	6.0	Eddie and Kenny's bonding through the Big Brother program extends far beyond their groovy t-shirts when they attend a picnic with other members. Kenny's recent woes prompt Eddie to welcome Kenny into his home which proves great for Eddie but problematic for Joy.
963	'Til Death	Joy's Out of Work	Comedy	6.0	Joy loses her job when the travel agency is converted to a sub shop.
963	'Til Death	Hi Def TV	Comedy	6.0	Eddie and Joy are forced to make sacrifices after Eddie buys a 52-inch high-definition television, while Doug begins to suspect that he is just a character in a sitcom.
963	'Til Death	The Not-So-Perfect Couple	Comedy	6.0	Joy is jealous when Eddie becomes infatuated with their new female doctor friend after he goes in to see her for a checkup.
963	'Til Death	Independent Action	Comedy	6.0	Joy decides to make Eddie pay when she finds out that he went to a baseball game without her, while Doug and Ally try to save a tree.
963	'Til Death	Snore Loser	Comedy	6.0	After Eddie gets treatment for his sleep apnea and stops snoring, Joy realizes that she relied on his annoying habit to help her get to sleep.
963	'Til Death	The Break-Up	Comedy	6.0	When Joy and Eddie's friends have a fight and break up, Eddie and Joy step in to try and restore the peace, but it ends up backfiring on them.
963	'Til Death	Perfect Couple	Comedy	6.0	When Eddie and Joy befriend Stephen and his wife Simona, Eddie clicks with them right away causing Joy to feel left out.
963	'Til Death	The Check-Up	Comedy	6.0	When Joy convinces Eddie to visit Simona for an annual check-up, he catches a nasty head cold before his big interview with a Hindenburg blimp survivor.
963	'Til Death	Can't Elope	Comedy	6.0	When Joy goes overboard planning Ally and Doug's wedding, Eddie convinces them to elope.
963	'Til Death	Check Mate	Comedy	6.0	When the Starks meet Simona and Stephen for dinner, they decide to ditch them with the bill resulting in an all out war dining war between the couples.
963	'Til Death	The Concert	Comedy	6.0	Joy and Eddie attempt to relive their past by going to a concert. After Ally becomes frustrated by her cramped living conditions, she and Doug move into Joy and Eddie's house for a night.
963	'Til Death	Merit Pay	Comedy	6.0	Eddie is pressured into taking a student's bribe by Mr. White in order to get a pay raise from Principal Duffy, so he and Joy can afford their vacation. Doug pays another visit to Dr. Bialik, as he believes his wife has been "recast" by a new Ally.
963	'Til Death	The New Neighbors	Comedy	6.0	Doug and Ally meet their new neighbors: a rich, obnoxious, unattractive 50-year-old man and his trophy wife who unapologetically admits that she's in the relationship for the money.
963	'Til Death	The Wedding	Comedy	6.0	With Doug and Ally's wedding approaching, Joy, Eddie, Ally and Doug have animated dreams.
963	'Til Death	Ally Abroad	Comedy	6.0	When Allison's boyfriend Doug is hospitalized, she rushes to his bedside only to be surprised with a proposal. No one is more surprised by their daughter's engagement than Eddie and Joy who plot to put the brakes on wedding planning.
963	'Til Death	Joy's Mom	Comedy	6.0	Joy's opinionated mother Donna comes for a surprise visit.
963	'Til Death	Dog Fight	Comedy	6.0	Eddie and Joy resort to role-playing to spice up their sex lives, while Kenny begins searching for lost dogs to collect the reward money.
963	'Til Death	Sell The House	Comedy	6.0	Eddie and Joy consider selling the house and moving into a condo so that Doug and Ally can't come along and freeload off of them.
963	'Til Death	Family Vacation	Comedy	6.0	During a vacation in Florida, Eddie and Joy frighten a young couple about to get married, while Doug and Ally are expelled from their hotel room while Kenny hooks up with a woman.
963	'Til Death	Ally's Pregnant	Comedy	6.0	When Ally and Doug announce that they're going to be parents, Joy has a meltdown about becoming a grandmother, forcing Eddie to call in his mother-in-law for help.
963	'Til Death	Smart Phone	Comedy	6.0	Eddie becomes annoyed by his students' use of cell phones in class, and soon learns that he and Joy are the only ones not infatuated with new technology.
963	'Til Death	Big Man, Little Man	Comedy	6.0	Eddie feels self-conscious when Tommy and Mr. White boast about their endowments, so Joy does her best to convince him that being average is just fine.
963	'Til Death	Brother's Keeper	Comedy	6.0	With Eddie's brother, Charlie, and his new boyfriend, Terence, coming to visit, Eddie isn't exactly looking forward to a weekend of wine-tasting and antiquing. Much to Eddie's surprise, though, he hits it off with Terence as they both opt to watch football over participating in the planned weekend activities.
963	'Til Death	Work Wife	Comedy	6.0	When Joy loses her job at Eddie's school, she accepts a position as Stephen's executive assistant.
963	'Til Death	Baby Steps	Comedy	6.0	Joy goes overboard planning for Ally's baby shower and becomes obsessed with baby gifts.
963	'Til Death	Let's Go	Comedy	6.0	When Whitey decides to throw a surprise party for his 93-year-old grumpy uncle, his party guests are surprised to discover that Whitey is a hoarder and his house is overflowing with junk.
963	'Til Death	The Baby	Comedy	6.0	Eddie's book finally gets published but on the day of his book signing, Ally goes into labor and everyone shows up to welcome the new addition to the family.
963	'Til Death	The Joy of Learning	Comedy	6.0	Joy feels inferior for not finishing college, so she decides to hit the books and earn her degree.
963	'Til Death	Coupon Bob	Comedy	6.0	When Joy gets angry at Eddie for forgetting her birthday, she decides to cash in on all the coupons he has given her over the years for massages, pedicures and chores.
963	'Til Death	Cold Case	Comedy	6.0	When Joy suspects Eddie of keeping secrets from her, she decides to launch an investigation.
964	United States of Tara	United States of Tara	Drama	9.0	She's got a husband, two kids and multiple personalities. Emmy® and Golden Globe® winner Toni Collette never knows what or who will happen in this smart, unique and totally unpredictable Showtime Original Comedy Series from executive producer Steven Spielberg. Tara's Alters include "T" the wild-child teenager, "Buck" the rough and tumble biker dude, and "Alice" the type-A homemaker. But with a family that loves her just the way she is. Tara never gives up hope that someday she can just be herself.
969	19 Kids and Counting	19 Kids and Counting	Comedy	none	19 Kids and Counting follows Michelle and Bob Duggar as they deal with the challenges of raising a family of ten boys, eight girls and baby Josie Duggar.
969	19 Kids and Counting	Bridesmaids and Babies	Comedy	none	Jinger wields her camera to take Ben and Jessa's engagement photos with the couple's wedding just six weeks away. Meanwhile, Jill and Derick prepare for parenthood at their first midwife visit.
976	Sabrina, the Teenage Witch	Sabrina, the Teenage Witch	Comedy	9.5	When Sabrina Spellman is informed by her aunts, Hilda and Zelda, that she is a witch on her 16th birthday, she is hesitant to believe them. Having been sent to live with them in Massachusetts by her Warlock father and mortal mother, Sabrina learns the tricks of magic in order to receive her witch's license. Along the way, she gets into many scrapes while figuring out how certain spells work. She also has to keep the secret from her boyfriend, Harvey, friends Jenny and later Valerie, stuck-up nemesis Libby, and her ever-suspicious vice-principal, Mr. Kraft.
976	Sabrina, the Teenage Witch	The Crucible	Comedy	9.5	Sabrina's class takes a field trip to Salem to get a feel ofwhat the witch hysteria of the late 1600's felt like. Worried that she won't beable to lie if she gets accused of witchcraft, she tries to get her aunts toexcuse her from the trip. Not buying into her reasoning, Sabrina has to go andeventually does get accused of being a witch.
976	Sabrina, the Teenage Witch	Troll Bride	Comedy	9.5	Sabrina unintendedly becomes the object of affection of amagic finding troll when she conjures a spell to locate her missing homework.As Roland tries to make her his bride, Hilda and Zelda try to find a loopholein their contract in an attempt to stop the wedding.
976	Sabrina, the Teenage Witch	It's A Mad Mad Mad Mad Season Opener	Comedy	9.5	Having trouble picking between Dashiell and Harvey, Sabrinathinks her decision will be easier when she gets her witch's license.
976	Sabrina, the Teenage Witch	Boy Was My Face Red	Comedy	9.5	Valerie has an embarrassing moment in class and Sabrinadecides to cast a spell to help her friend out. However, all it does is sendValerie's embarrassment to Sabrina, and as a result, her face turns beet red.
977	Chase	Chase	Drama	9.0	Chase is a fast-paced drama from Emmy Award-winning executive producer Jerry Bruckheimer and executive producer Jennifer Johnson that drops viewers smack into the middle of a game of cat-and-mouse as a team of U.S. marshals hunts down America's most dangerous fugitives. Kelli Giddish stars as U.S. Marshal Annie Frost, a cowboy boot-wearing deputy whose sharp mind and unique Texas upbringing help her track down the violent criminals on the run. Cole Hauser , Amaury Nolasco, Rose Rollins and Jesse Metcalfe also star as members of Frost's elite team.
981	Cleopatra 2525	Cleopatra 2525	Action	5.5	It is the year 2525 AD, and most of mankind has been driven underground by huge flying mechanical creatures known as the Baileys. The team of Hel, Sarge and Cleo (a recently defrosted 21st century exotic dancer who was cryogenically frozen following complications during her cosmetic surgery operation) are guided by the mysterious "Voice" and aided by Mauser (a reprogrammed robotic enforcer) to fight a war to reclaim the Earth's surface.
982	Jack of All Trades	Jack of All Trades	Comedy	7.0	American spy Jack Stiles is sent by Thomas Jefferson to the tiny East Indies island of Palau Palau, where he teams up with British agent and inventor Emilia Rothschild to thwart the efforts of Napoleon and France in that region of the world. While acting as Emilia's man servant, Jack dons the mask garb of the legendary Daring Dragoon and fights the local French governor as well as thwarting various other schemes against America.
986	The Sarah Silverman Program	The Sarah Silverman Program	Comedy	6.0	Welcome back to the wacky world of Sarah Silverman. Follow Sarah and the rest of the gang as she takes on pedophile vans, rigs a mayoral election, takes a stance on "Real Time with Bill Maher" and reconnects with her imaginary childhood friend (played by Andy Samberg), among other adventures in this irreverent new season.
988	Drake and Josh	Drake and Josh	Comedy	8.0	Fifteen-year-old Drake and Josh are schoolmates, but not close friends. As a matter of fact, Drake thinks Josh is a bit of a goof. Imagine his shock when he discovers this goof is about to become his stepbrother and new roommate when his mother marries Josh's father!
990	Doc Martin	Doc Martin	Drama	10.0	Successful surgeon Dr Martin Ellingham relocates to the seaside village of Portwenn in Cornwall; but his gruff demeanour and poor bedside manner bring him into conflict with the locals as he begins his new life as a GP.
990	Doc Martin	Going Bodmin	Drama	10.0	Learning a vacancy has arisen in the sleepy Cornish village of Portwenn, Martin promptly applies and gets the job, despite opposition from local schoolteacher Louisa.
990	Doc Martin	Gentlemen Prefer	Drama	10.0	The medic struggles to dissuade the locals from using his surgery as a drop-in centre and finds himself forced to deliver bad news to a former teacher already bitter at losing his job to Louisa. Adding to his woes, the decision to sack incompetent receptionist Elaine results in the entire village ostracising him.
990	Doc Martin	Sh*t Happens	Drama	10.0	A nasty stomach bug sweeps through Portwenn and the doctor suspects the local water supply is to blame, taking to the airwaves in a bid to warn everyone. Meanwhile, Al remains determined to leave the plumbing business and attend college, prompting an argument with Bert.
990	Doc Martin	The Portwenn Effect	Drama	10.0	Louisa tries to help one of her pupils, a bright 10-year-old who finds it hard to fit in and responds to stress by running away from home. Mark seeks advice on how to remedy his lack of success with the opposite sex, while Martin encounters a delusional park ranger with an unusual imaginary friend - a giant squirrel called Anthony.
990	Doc Martin	Of All the Harbours in All the Towns	Drama	10.0	One of Joan's old flames comes back into her life and proceeds to woo her all over again, but Martin discovers the man in question has a life-threatening heart condition, presenting him with a difficult decision. The irascible doctor's problems do not stop there, as a schoolgirl develops a crush on him, leading to a confrontation with her irate father. Meanwhile, romance is also in the air for Al and Elaine.
990	Doc Martin	Haemophobia	Drama	10.0	An influx of holiday-makers to Portwenn annoys Martin, and his efforts to point out the dangers of sunbathing to a scantily clad woman prove unpopular. He is also the target of a practical joke in the pub after his fear of blood becomes common knowledge, and grows closer to Louisa when one of her pupils has a serious accident that lands him in hospital.
990	Doc Martin	Old Dogs	Drama	10.0	Dr Ellingham visits an elderly patient - but ends up having to contend with her irate son. To make matters worse, the man turns out to be one of Louisa's ex-boyfriends. However, trouble is not just confined to the doctor's daily routine as the villagers find themselves forced to deal with the threat of a mystery mugger.
990	Doc Martin	In Loco	Drama	10.0	Louisa is eager to be promoted to head teacher, but her chances are threatened by a spate of sickly children and a frosty relationship with the board of governors, including a surly Martin. Mrs Cronk scalds herself at the fish and chip shop and has to put Bert in charge. To everyone's amazement, the business does a roaring trade - but Al suspects his father is cutting corners.
990	Doc Martin	Blood is Thicker	Drama	10.0	Al discovers that Bert may not be his father and goes in search of the truth. The members of an odd family with poor hygiene and a passion for taxidermy contract salmonella poisoning, but Martin has difficulty persuading them to accept treatment. PC Mylow's bossy sister arrives in Portwenn and sets up a herbalist business in his flat. However, the doctor is forced to take action when her remedies increase his patients' many ailments.
990	Doc Martin	Aromatherapy	Drama	10.0	The GP tries to figure out why one of his patients smells so badly that nobody can bear to be in the same room as him. He also saves a life and a marriage when he realises a local radio presenter's strange behaviour is due to diabetes and not alcoholism. Meanwhile, PC Mylow hopes his luck with the opposite sex will improve when a pretty blonde shows an interest in his driving ability.
990	Doc Martin	Always On My Mind	Drama	10.0	Pauline is all set to achieve her ambition when she is given the chance to join the Portwenn lifeboat crew. However, her joy is short-lived when she discovers the chauvinistic tendencies of her shipmates. Martin is accused of murder by the husband of a woman who died in his care. The irate man resorts to sabotaging Aunt Joan's crops in retaliation but an unexpected twist reveals the true motivation for his ire.
990	Doc Martin	The Family Way	Drama	10.0	The doctor is surprised when his parents visit out of the blue, but they bring unwelcome tidings for all, especially Aunt Joan, who may be driven from her home. School secretary Maureen receives better news when what she thought was her thyroid problem turns out to be a pregnancy. Louisa calls Martin after Danny collapses - but the ambulance is delayed and emergency surgery must be performed to save his life.
990	Doc Martin	Out of the Woods	Drama	10.0	Mark has an unusual idea for a stag night, which involves camping under the stars rather than going to the pub. However, the jaunt ends in disaster when he becomes lost in the woods and is bitten by a snake, leaving Martin with the task of locating the clueless copper and saving his marriage before it has even begun. Meanwhile, the teenagers of Portwenn provoke the doctor's wrath by inventing a deadly game that threatens one boy's life.
990	Doc Martin	Erotomania	Drama	10.0	Mark is forced to investigate his fiancee's past when a stranger arrives in the village with a mysterious photo. Mrs Tishell finally removes the neck collar she has worn for years, and suffers a prolapsed disc as a result. Martin reveals his true feelings for Louisa over a few glasses of wine, but he drinks too much and wakes the next morning to a waiting room full of giggling patients, a raging hangover and a distinct feeling of uneasiness.
990	Doc Martin	The Apple Doesn't Fall	Drama	10.0	Pauline grows increasingly frustrated with her role at the surgery and starts to interfere with Martin's work, much to the GP's annoyance. The former surgeon talks to Bert, who is feeling down after his son Al's decision to go travelling, before coming face to face with the village's new police officer.
990	Doc Martin	Movement	Drama	10.0	Bert comes to the conclusion that a new challenge will help him move on from Al's departure and decides to open a restaurant, but a spate of food-poisoning cases coincide with his first day of business. Martin meets Poppy, the surgery's new receptionist, and Pauline returns from her course.
990	Doc Martin	City Slickers	Drama	10.0	New neighbours look set to disturb the tranquillity of Portwenn, upsetting the locals with their unconventional lifestyle and even managing to gatecrash an intimate dinner between Martin and Louisa. Meanwhile, a car vandal strikes the village - but agoraphobic village copper PC Penhale is too scared to leave the station and investigate.
990	Doc Martin	The Admirer	Drama	10.0	Louisa faces off with love rival Carrie in a battle for Martin's affections, and romance is in the air for Aunt Joan, who gains an admirer in the form of Edward. Elsewhere, Al makes a surprise reappearance and PC Penhale celebrates his birthday.
990	Doc Martin	The Holly Bears a Prickle	Drama	10.0	The irascible medic and Louisa embark on what seems to be a perfect first date at a classical music performance in the grounds of a country house, but an inappropriate remark from the doctor kills off any chance of romance. Elsewhere, Al worries that Pauline's gambling is getting out of hand when he finds out that her moped has been repossessed.
990	Doc Martin	Nowt So Queer	Drama	10.0	News of Martin and Louisa's engagement spreads rapidly through the village, and Aunt Joan is annoyed to hear about it from Dave rather than her nephew. Al steps in to help as Bert struggles to keep the restaurant afloat, while the doctor is puzzled when he learns Beth's knee replacement wound is failing to respond to the medication he prescribed.
990	Doc Martin	Happily Ever After	Drama	10.0	The doctor and Louisa make plans for their wedding, but the big day runs far from smoothly, as a drunken vicar leaves Martin with a dilemma. Meanwhile, the restaurant where the reception is to be held is flooded and Isobel goes into labour.
990	Doc Martin	Better the Devil	Drama	10.0	Since calling off his marriage to Louisa, Martin has begun to question what keeps him in Cornwall and realises that if he is ever to escape, he must conquer the blood phobia that ended his surgical career. Encouraged by aunt Joan's friend Barbara he tackles his fear, but after an accident the pair end up in hospital, where he bumps into his girlfriend from medical school. Later, the return of a familiar face shakes him up even more.
990	Doc Martin	Uneasy Lies The Head	Drama	10.0	Despite the doctor's unpleasant attitude toward her, Louisa applies for a job at the school - where she quickly notices something strange about the new headmaster's behaviour. Martin refers Pauline's aunt and uncle to Edith after they have trouble conceiving a baby, but her tests lead one of the couple to make a surprising confession.
990	Doc Martin	Perish Together As Fools	Drama	10.0	PC Penhale is delighted by the arrival of his older brother Sam, but their reunion turns to misery when Martin delivers bad news to one of them. Louisa searches for a new home in the village and visits Edith for a check-up, where she reveals an embarrassing piece of information, and Al makes his situation with Pauline worse by trying to act on advice from Bert.
990	Doc Martin	Driving Mr McLynn	Drama	10.0	Al tries to raise some quick cash, and offers to sort out all Louisa's household and plumbing problems if she can pay him before the weekend. The teacher gets good news on the employment front, and Martin accidentally inflicts a minor wound on an elderly patient - who responds by walking out of the surgery and vowing never to return.
990	Doc Martin	The Departed	Drama	10.0	The doctor heads for London to meet the man leading the selection process for the job he wants, but has to conquer his blood phobia once and for all to secure the prestigious position. Back in Cornwall, Aunt Joan locks a mischievous schoolboy in a chicken coop - and faces the consequences when he falls ill.
990	Doc Martin	Midwife Crisis	Drama	10.0	The new midwife in the village persuades Louisa to take a natural, holistic approach to treating an infection, infuriating Martin, who insists on conventional medicine. Meanwhile, Bert is smitten with the flirtatious new cook working in his restaurant, and the doctor hears good news about the job in London.
990	Doc Martin	Do Not Disturb	Drama	10.0	Pauline finds out about Martin's imminent departure to London and confronts him over her uncertain future. Aunt Joan tries to solve her farm's money problems by opening a B&B - and ends up having to call the doctor for her first guest, local farmer Ted. Elsewhere, Bert organises a baby shower for Louisa.
990	Doc Martin	The Wrong Goodbye	Drama	10.0	The doctor spends his last day in Portwenn seeing an influx of patients as he prepares to close down the surgery and move to London. As he bids farewell to old friends and sets off to leave the village, he sees Louisa's teaching assistant Tasha fall from a stage and stops to help. But the bigger hold-up comes when pregnant Louisa is involved in a car accident.
990	Doc Martin	Preserve the Romance	Drama	10.0	The curmudgeonly GP struggles to come to terms with his new role as a father, having planned to resume his career as a consultant in London before the arrival of his and Louisa's as-yet unnamed son. To make matters worse, he begins to have serious doubts about the competency of his replacement Dr Di Dibbs when she misdiagnoses a patient as well as herself. Martin is then dealt a devastating personal blow after hearing his aunt Joan has died.
990	Doc Martin	Dry Your Tears	Drama	10.0	The GP returns to his former post at the surgery after the departure of Dr Dibbs, agreeing to stay until a replacement is found. He persuades a reluctant Louisa to move into his house so he can help raise their son, and suggests they could all move to London together in the future. Martin then delivers the eulogy at his aunt Joan's funeral and speaks to her sister Ruth, who proves to be just as cantankerous as he is.
990	Doc Martin	Born With a Shotgun	Drama	10.0	New receptionist Morwenna Newcross (Jessica Ransom) gets off to a bad start after arriving late on her first day, and her hyperactive behaviour leads Martin to believe she is high on drugs. Ruth tries to deal with an intruder on the farm who has stolen the hub caps from her car, and the sleepless nights begin to take their toll on Martin and Louisa, who are running out of ways to comfort their constantly wailing baby.
990	Doc Martin	Mother Knows Best	Drama	10.0	Louisa's hippie mother Eleanor (Louise Jameson) arrives in the village, immediately taking over Martin's kitchen to prepare a herbal tonic, which she later gives to the baby to stop his crying. A culinary rivalry develops between Bert and Mark Bridge, the landlord of the Crab and Lobster pub, at Portwenn Fun Day, with both keen to take advantage of the event by providing food for the spectators.
990	Doc Martin	Remember Me	Drama	10.0	PC Penhale has an unexpected visitor in the shape of his ex-wife Maggie. Louisa's mother Eleanor goes on a date. Morwenna arrives at the surgery with an injured foot.
990	Doc Martin	Don't Let Go	Drama	10.0	Joe goes to extreme lengths to persuade Maggie to stay. Tensions grow between Martin and Louisa. Martin steps in when the school caretaker puts the children at risk.
990	Doc Martin	Cats & Sharks	Drama	10.0	Bert's restaurant is in trouble and he is chased by loan sharks. When Eleanor has a strangulated hernia Martin has to operate himself - is surgery his true calling?
990	Doc Martin	Ever After	Drama	10.0	When baby James Henry is left in her care, Mrs Tishell boards a bus out of the village leaving an enigmatic message for Dr Ellingham to meet them at the castle.
990	Doc Martin	Sickness and Health	Drama	10.0	Portwenn is buzzing with excitement as the final preparations are made for the Doc and Louisa's big day. However, Martin is irritated by PC Penhale, who wrongly presumes he is best man - and to make matters worse, the bride is late. This isn't the first time the couple have tried to get married - will the villagers have to put the confetti back in the box again?
990	Doc Martin	Guess Who's Coming to Dinner?	Drama	10.0	The GP is left holding the baby after upsetting the new childminder, but luckily Mike agrees to look after James at short notice. However, Louisa is not happy with the arrangement and an argument erupts between the newlyweds just as their guests, Dennis and Karen Dodds, arrive for dinner - and that's only the first of the evening's problems. Meanwhile, Ruth is roped into taking part in a phone-in programme on Radio Portwenn and unwittingly answers a call from PC Penhale, who wants to know how to make friends in the village
990	Doc Martin	The Tameness of a Wolf	Drama	10.0	A secret admirer makes Ruth feel a little uncomfortable when he places a red rose on her car windscreen and then leaves a birthday cake on her kitchen table while she's at the radio station, and when matters take a turn for the worse, Martin has no choice but to take drastic action. Meanwhile, Bert is furious when one of Louisa's pupils writes a damning review of his restaurant in the school newspaper, and a new pharmacist arrives in the village.
990	Doc Martin	Nobody Likes Me by Charlie Martin	Drama	10.0	Louisa wants Martin to engage more with James, so she arranges for him to take their baby to playgroup, where he has to pair up with a mother and daughter and sing songs. Meanwhile, Al signs up to a dating website, Bert is suspicious when he catches Jennifer in the bathroom with a needle, and Ruth moves into a cottage in the village, but soon has trouble with a grumpy new neighbour (Ronald Pickup).
990	Doc Martin	The Practice Around the Corner	Drama	10.0	Obsessive-compulsive Mrs Tishell returns to the village, and her affection for Martin quickly disappears when he refuses to pass her fit for work. As if he didn't have enough on his plate, the grumpy doctor must also face his fear of blood when tests show that Lorna has a high level of ferritin, which is placing a strain on her heart and liver. Meanwhile, PC Penhale hopes to be selected for an elite police squad by taking part in a survival training course - but ends up shooting himself in the foot.
990	Doc Martin	Hazardous Exposure	Drama	10.0	Hypochondriac Malcolm Rayner is struggling with his breathing and Martin asks him if he has ever worked with asbestos. Penhale then causes pandemonium by putting up warning notices about the substance's harmful properties throughout the village. Meanwhile, Bert pops the question to Jennifer, and Ruth finds fault with Al's business proposal.
990	Doc Martin	Listen with Mother	Drama	10.0	Mrs Tishell falls head-over-heels in love with Martin again. Mike has a shady revelation from his past. Louisa has shocking news for Martin.
990	Doc Martin	Departure	Drama	10.0	Louisa is leaving for Spain, Bert and Jennifer's engagement party goes off with a bang, and Al is hailed as a hero for saving Caroline's life.
990	Doc Martin	Education, Education, Education	Drama	10.0	Louisa and Martin have their first counselling session together however neither of them were expecting to be given homework at the end of their session. Peter approaches Louisa to ask if Martin will let him do work experience at his surgery. Louisa is left stunned when Martin agrees to let Peter work alongside him. However Morwenna is left unhappy when Peter starts trying to tell her what to do. Mrs Tishell is surprised to see her husband return, and more so when he wants to give things another go. Elsewhere Bert has nowhere to live but his new campervan after losing his restaurant however he doesn't let anyone else know. Louisa has to call on Martin when one of her pupils collapses during a school excursion - together they rush the pupil to the hospial.
991	The Real World	The Real World	Drama	none	Each year, series producers choose a group of seven people in their 20s, from different backgrounds and countries, to live together in a major city. The series presents their spontaneous, unscripted interactions with one another and the world around them.
997	Catfish: The TV Show	Catfish: The TV Show	Family	6.0	"Catfish: The TV Show" tackles the mystery and complexities of dating in a digital world. The hour-long series follows Nev Schulman, whose own online love drama was the subject of the "Catfish" film, and director-filmmaker Max Joseph as they take viewers on a deeply personal journey that goes inside the stories of young people as their online-only romantic relationships collide with first-time, real-life encounters.
997	Catfish: The TV Show	Blake & Kendra	Family	6.0	Also known as Blake & Kiersten, an episode that technically belongs to season 2 but was then mysteriously scrapped from airing at the last minute.
997	Catfish: The TV Show	Whitney & Bre	Family	6.0	Whitney tries to meet her online love with the help of Nev and Max. She hopes to learn the truth about the potential soulmate she met on an LGBT site.
997	Catfish: The TV Show	Tiana & James	Family	6.0	How do young people who've embraced the digital age find love? Often, it's by connecting online with people they've never met in person.
997	Catfish: The TV Show	Falesha & Jacqueline	Family	6.0	How do young people who've embraced the digital age find love? Often, it's by connecting online with people they've never met in person.
997	Catfish: The TV Show	Prophet & Trinity	Family	6.0	Rapper R. Prophet hopes to learn the truth about Trinity, a model he met online.
997	Catfish: The TV Show	Andria & David	Family	6.0	Love letters and voice messages have kept a couple together for a decade, in spite of having never met.
997	Catfish: The TV Show	Sydney & Ayissha	Family	6.0	A woman needs help with an online romance after finding out that the other party lied about her identity.
997	Catfish: The TV Show	Hundra & Emily	Family	6.0	A same-sex romance causes a woman to need assurance that her online love is real.
999	Flash Gordon	Flash Gordon	Science-Fiction	5.9	Placing a 21st century spin on a science fiction classic, SCI FI's contemporized version of Flash Gordon follows the all-new adventures of Flash (Eric Johnson) and his companions, Dale Arden and Dr. Hans Zarkov. Ordinary people thrust into extraordinary circumstances, they find themselves as Earth's last line of defense against the forces of the merciless dictator Ming.
1007	Tru Calling	Tru Calling	Drama	8.5	What would you do if you could relive a day? If you're Tru Davies (Eliza Dushku), you'd save lives.
1008	Masters of Science Fiction	Masters of Science Fiction	Drama	7.0	Four thought-provoking tales of present and future Earth are brought to life in the all-new anthology series, featuring a stellar lineup of actors and directors, and narrated by acclaimed physicist Professor Stephen Hawking. "Masters of Science Fiction," from Starz Media in association with Industry Entertainment and its Vancouver partner, Reunion Pictures, is based on some of the genre's most popular and highly regarded short stories.
1008	Masters of Science Fiction	A Clean Escape	Drama	7.0	In the premiere episode, "A Clean Escape," set somewhere in the not-so-distant future, psychiatrist Dr. Deanna Evans (Judy Davis) doggedly interrogates a distinguished man (Sam Waterston) who appears to be suffering from a lapse in memory. Why can't he remember - and why is it so important that she uncover the secret he holds deep inside?
1008	Masters of Science Fiction	The Awakening	Drama	7.0	A U.S. military specialist ("Lost's" Terry O'Quinn) is called up from retirement to investigate after soldiers outside Baghdad discover a mysterious casualty- one they can't even identify as human. As he and his team try to identify the "corpse," others begin to appear, making him wonder whether the fallen creatures are emissaries from another world.
1008	Masters of Science Fiction	Jerry Was a Man	Drama	7.0	The world's 7th richest woman, Martha Van Vogel ("MEN IN TREES" star Anne Heche), goes shopping for a few new genetically-engineered creatures for her menagerie. But her world is thrown into chaos when she befriends an anthropoid (Jason Diablo as Jerry) slated for "liquidation" and determines to take him home.. even though his creator (Malcolm McDowell) has other plans.
1008	Masters of Science Fiction	The Discarded	Drama	7.0	The mutant victims of a terrible plague that almost wiped out Earth's population are exiled to outer space aboard a ramshackle ship. They have no hope of returning home, until an ambassador from Earth ("Desperate Housewives'" James Denton) arrives and offers them a desperate pact.
1018	Legend of Earthsea	Legend of Earthsea	Fantasy	none	A reckless youth is destined to become the greatest sorcerer that the mystical land of Earthsea has ever known. When the young wizard Ged discovers that he possesses infinite magical powers, he seeks to master the ancient arts. As he journeys to manhood, he will combat dragons, fall in love, cross death's threshold, and ultimately wield the power to reunite a kingdom.
1019	The Inside	The Inside	Drama	9.0	When one of the profilers in the FBI's L.A.-based Violent Crimes Unit (VCU) is brutally murdered by a serial killer they've been tracking, rookie FBI Agent Rebecca Locke is recruited to join the team and help find the madman despite her lack of field experience. Unbeknownst to Rebecca, famed Supervisory Special Agent VIRGIL "WEB" WEBSTER has personally selected her to join his rogue division - not for her impressive profiling skills, but because of a secret she's keeping. Web knows that Rebecca was abducted and held captive as a child, and the traumatic experience has afforded her unique insight into the mindset of villain and victim alike.
1020	Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior	Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior	Drama	5.3	CRIMINAL MINDS: SUSPECT BEHAVIOR is a drama about an elite team of agents within the FBI's Behavioral Analysis Unit (BAU) who use unconventional methods of investigation and aggressive tactics to capture the nation's most nefarious criminals. Unit chief Special Agent Sam Cooper is a mentally and physically fierce natural leader who is not afraid to put his career on the line in order to stand by his convictions. Cooper strives to avoid political bureaucracy and has handpicked an eclectic group of profilers to work outside the confines of Quantico. They include strong-willed and outspoken Beth Griffith, the newest member of the team who joins them from the FBI Threat Assessment Task Force; former British Special Forces soldier Mick Rawson, who is confident and handsome and works as a highly skilled marksman with an undiluted eye for rooting out evil; John "Prophet" Sims, a former convict with a street-smart edge and a calm, Zen-like presence who is determined to make amends for past sins; Gina LaSalle, an attractive, tough agent armed with a cunning sense of perception; and Penelope Garcia, a computer wizard who has spent years aiding Agent Hotchner and his BAU team on its toughest cases. This exceptional group of FBI operatives is strong in their beliefs and steadfast in their mission to bring the country's most dangerous criminals to justice.
1022	Doctor Horrible's Sing-Along Blog	Doctor Horrible's Sing-Along Blog	Comedy	8.5	Neil Patrick Harris stars as Billy, A.K.A. Dr. Horrible, a budding super-villain whose plans for world domination continually go awry. His two goals: getting accepted into the Evil League of Evil, and working up the guts to speak to his laundromat crush Penny, played by Felicia Day. The only thing standing in his way is Captain Hammer, Billy's superhero arch-nemesis played by Nathan Fillion With one big score, Billy could get into the E.L.E. and earn the respect of Penny, but only if he can keep her away from the dashing Captain Hammer...
1023	The Glee Project	The Glee Project	Drama	1.0	During the 11 week run of season two of "The Glee Project," 14 talented contenders will be narrowed down as the creative forces of "Glee" carefully assess who has what it takes to win the prize of a lifetime - a seven episode guest starring role on the hit FOX series. Ryan Murphy joins casting director Robert Ulrich, choreographer, "Glee" co-producer Zach Woodlee and vocal producer Nikki Anders in the final deliberations of each installment of the series.
1036	Robin Hood	Robin Hood	Action	7.0	Drama series which gives a contemporary feel to the classic Robin Hood legend, focusing on Robin Hood's fight against the evil and corrupt Sheriff of Nottingham
1039	V	V	Drama	8.6	A year after Liberation Day, courtesy of the red-dust bacteria, the humanoid, lizard-like aliens develop a resistance to the micro-organism and try to regain control of the Earth--only now some humans are knowingly working with them.
1040	The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles	The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles	Action	8.3	The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles was based on the Indiana Jones series of films. The series follows the Indiana Jones character (as a young boy and as a young man) as he was growing up and experiencing his early adventures, where he gets into trouble, learns life lessons and encounters various historical figures along the way. The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles was filmed on location all over the world ~ including England, Russia, Spain, Czechoslovakia, Kenya, France, India, China, Austria, Egypt, the United States, Morocco, Ireland, Italy, Africa, Turkey, Greece and Thailand.
1042	Wonderfalls	Wonderfalls	Drama	8.3	"From the producer of Angel and Firefly comes Wonderfalls with 9 never aired episodes. Although a recent graduate of Brown University, Jaye Tyler decides to ignore her degree, live in a trailer and work at a tourist gift shop in Niagara Falls called Wonderfalls—-much to the despair of her well-to-do family. But Jaye's aimless life takes a startling turn after a lion figurine begins talking to her. Her family calls it an "episode," but Jaye knows better. Fearing for her sanity, Jaye nevertheless starts doing exactly what an increasing number of inanimate objects tell her to do and is amazed when her outrageous actions begin changing people's lives in unexpected ways. "
1045	Viper	Viper	Action	10.0	Viper was an action-adventure TV series about a secretive task force set up by the federal government to fight crime in the fictional city of Metro City, California, that is perpetually under siege from one crime wave after another. The weapon used by this task force is an urban assault vehicle that is disguised as a 1993 Flame Red Dodge Viper RT/10 Roadster and, later, a 1998 Cobalt Blue Metallic Dodge Viper GTS Coupe (which replaced the Roadster convertible). The series takes place in "the near future". The primary brand of vehicles driven in the show were Chrysler or their subsidiary companies.
1053	3rd Rock from the Sun	3rd Rock from the Sun	Comedy	7.3	Sent to Earth to investigate civilization, an alien high commander (John Lithgow) and his quirky crew -- military officer Sally (Kristen Johnston), information expert Tommy (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) and transmitter Harry (French Stewart) -- assume human identities to blend in. Although they possess superior intelligence, their naïveté about the human condition turns everyday events into farcical fun.
1054	Absolutely Fabulous	Absolutely Fabulous	Comedy	7.5	Award-winning comedy set in the world of fashion and PR with Jennifer Saunders as the immature fun-loving mother and Julia Sawalha as her sensible daughter.
1055	The Adventures of Tintin	The Adventures of Tintin	Adventure	8.0	This animated series tells of the adventures of boy reporter Tintin, his dog, Snowy, and their friend Captain Haddock. From the stories by Herge.
1058	The A-Team	The A-Team	Action	8.0	The A-Team is an American action-adventure television series, running from 1983 to 1987, about a fictional group of ex–United States Army Special Forces.
1059	Battlestar Galactica	Battlestar Galactica	Drama	7.6	A sage of humanity's survival versus The Cylons.
1070	Baywatch	Baywatch	Drama	5.0	This long-running series follows the adventures of a team of lifeguards on the crowded beaches of Los Angeles County. Veteran lifeguard Mitch Buchannon watches over the younger lifeguards that come and go with each passing season as they keep the beaches safe for vacationers. Frequently he must take action to save them from the raging seas and from the raging tempers that sometimes flare up between the young guards in this stressful job.
1071	Birdsong	Birdsong	Drama	9.0	Epic love story set against the First World War, based on Sebastian Faulks' novel about a soldier who finds himself fighting in the area where he had an illicit affair before the war.
1071	Birdsong	Episode 1	Drama	9.0	Stephen and Isabelle start an illicit affair, with ends up having huge consequences for them both. Years later in 1916, Stephen finds himself serving on the Western Front in the very place where he experienced his great love. He meets Jack Firebrace, a tunneller who ends up helping him endure the ravages of war and enables him to make peace with his feelings for Isabelle, who he is set to meet again.
1071	Birdsong	Episode 2	Drama	9.0	Stephen recovers from his injuries but he is still haunted by memories of his affair with Isabelle. Stephen ends up unexpectedly meeting Isabelle again as he and his men prepare for a major offensive at The Somme The battle is devastating and in the months that follow, Stephen starts to find some comfort in his friendship with Jack Firebrace. After Isabelle's sister Jeanne admits the secret which Isabelle had kept hidden from him, Stephen starts to believe that there really is a future worth fighting for.
1072	BlackAdder	BlackAdder	Comedy	9.3	I want to be remembered when I'm dead. I want books written about me. I want songs sung about me. And then, hundreds of years from now, I want episodes of my life to be played out weekly at half past nine by some great heroic actor of the age.
1076	Children of Dune	Children of Dune	Adventure	7.8	The spectacular epic that began in the Emmy Award-winning Frank Herbert's Dune mini-series continues in this dazzling new journey into sweeping interstellar intrigue and visionary sci-fi adventure! On the desert planet of Dune, the ancient prophecy has been fulfilled: the rule of the legendary Muad'dib has triggered a miraculous transformation of the arid wastelands. But as always, the Great Houses of the Empire are alive with rumors of conspiracy, plotting and betrayal. And when Muad'dib no longer wields absolute power as the Emperor, his young son Leto Atreides and daughter Ghanima face the prospect of a disastrous civil war on Arrakis - and chaos on a galactic scale. Now, with the future of the vital Spice trade in the balance, the destiny of humanity itself will depend on the courage, strength and otherworldly wisdom of The Children of Dune!
1080	Profiler	Profiler	Drama	7.8	A crime drama following a criminal profiler working with the F.B.I.
1081	Primeval: New World	Primeval: New World	Drama	7.3	A spin-off of the UK hit. Primeval: New World follows a team of scientists and animal experts that's called to action when dinosaurs appear in Vancouver.
1085	Coupling	Coupling	Comedy	8.8	Britcom about a group of six friends - three men and three women - and the ups and downs they encounter playing the 21st century dating game.
1086	Coupling	Coupling	Drama	none	For everyone who appreciates the cozy camaraderie of Friends, the spice of Sex in the City, and the sheer nuttiness of Seinfeld, here's a hip hybrid of all three delivered with an English accent. The candor with which six young charmers (sound appealingly familiar?) deal with their lives and love affairs makes this series a tad edgier than most. NBC just obtained rights to it from the BBC. Obviously, the network decision makers were impressed by Coupling's nomination for Best TV Comedy at the 2001 British Comedy Awards event. About 3 hours. DVD. Simon Says: When asked if the American version of Coupling will require toning down for the stateside audience, producer Sue Vertue (Vicar of Dibley, Mr. Bean) quipped, "We've just done the American pilot. It's as rude as ever, you'll be pleased to know. And actually, very, very like the original!"
1089	Crusade	Crusade	Action	8.0	In 2267 the Earth is quarantined, having been infected with a deadly plague by an attacking alien force. Scientists estimate that it will kill every inhabitant within 5 years, not nearly enough time for a cure to be developed. So the planet's only hope lies with the Excalibur, an advanced prototype starship sent out to search ancient alien ruins for their former inhabitant's secrets, hoping that somewhere out there a cure can be found.
1090	Cupid	Cupid	Drama	none	Hale belives, that as a punishmwnt for his arrogance, that he needs to get 100 couples romantically involved.
1094	Dinotopia	Dinotopia	Adventure	none	Fantasy about an uncharted island where humans and dinosaurs coexist. The show was based on the books by James Gurney, and picked up where the miniseries left off.
1097	Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman	Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman	Drama	6.0	The trials and adventures of a female doctor in a small wild west town.
1100	The Fades	The Fades	Drama	6.7	A teenager is thrown into the heart of an apocalyptic struggle with the restless dead.
1101	Dune	Dune	Drama	8.8	A three-part miniseries on politics, betrayal, lust, greed and the coming of a Messiah. Based on Frank Herbert's classic science fiction novel.
1105	In a Land of Plenty	In a Land of Plenty	Drama	none	Television adaptation of Tim Pears' novel, charting the ups and downs of the Freeman family over three generations. In 1951, industrialist Charles Freeman (Robert Pugh) weds the enigmatic but naive Mary (Helen McCrory) and whisks her away to a large house overlooking the town where he owns his factory. Their union produces three sons - Simon, James and Robert - and a daughter, Alice, whose lives go on to be touched by tragedy despite their privileged background.
1119	The Nanny	The Nanny	Comedy	7.7	In The Nanny TV series, Fran Fine stumbles upon the opportunity to become a nanny to the three rambunctious children of rich, widowed Broadway producer Maxwell Sheffield. With her off-beat style of nurturing and straightforward honesty, Fran turns out to be the best thing that has ever happened to the family... whether they realize it or not.
1121	Cowboy Bebop	Cowboy Bebop	Action	9.0	In the year 2071, the crew of the spaceship Bebop travel the solar system trying to apprehend bounties. In the slang of the era, "Cowboys" are bounty hunters. Most episodes revolve around a specific bounty, but the show often shares its focus with the pasts of one of each of the four main characters and of more general past events, which are revealed and brought together as the series progresses.
1123	American Gothic	American Gothic	Drama	7.5	The rural community of Trinity, South Carolina, a postcard-pretty enclave of antebellum houses and manicured lawns, is a town tormented and seduced by the ominous presence of one man, Sheriff Lucas Black.
1129	Dungeons & Dragons	Dungeons & Dragons	Adventure	6.0	Animated series based on the extremely popular TSR role-playing game.
1131	Neverland	Neverland	Adventure	6.0	Neverland, a prequel to author J.M. Barrie's classic, Peter Pan, sweeps in time from the turbulent seas of the pirates of the Caribbean and the back alleys of Dickensian London to a world of pure imagination. The cast includes Rhys Ifans as James Hook, Oscar nominee Keira Knightley as the voice of Tinker Bell, Anna Friel as Captain Elizabeth Bonny, Oscar nominee Bob Hoskins as Smee, Raoul Trujillo and Charlie Rowe as one of literature's most cherished characters, Peter Pan. Peter, along with his pals of young pickpockets, have been rounded up by their mentor Jimmy Hook to snatch a magical orb which transports them to another world - Neverland. Filled with white jungles and imposing cities formed out of trees created by Dr. Fludd and inhabited by a colony of tree spirits led by Tinker Bell, this mysterious realm welcomes unknown friends and enemies snatched from time. These include power-mad Elizabeth Bonny and her band of 18th century pirates who search for the answer to eternal youth, a secret guarded by a Holy Man. As the fight to save this strange and beautiful world escalates, Peter and his crew consider that growing old somewhere in time could be less important than growing up—right here in their new home called Neverland.
1132	Neverwhere	Neverwhere	Drama	8.0	Urban fantasy drama created by cult author Neil Gaiman about a nightmarish journey set in a parallel world that exists below the streets of London.
1133	Planet of the Apes	Planet of the Apes	Drama	7.0	After their spacecraft travels through a time warp, two astronauts from 1981 crash-land back on Earth in the year 3085--a time when intelligent apes rule and humans have been reduced to servants or pets. Captured by the apes and sentenced to death, they are saved by a curious chimpanzee name Galen. But now all three are on the run, trying to keep one step ahead of the gorilla army led by General Urko, who is determined to kill the renegades.
1139	Impractical Jokers	Impractical Jokers	Comedy	8.0	Four longtime friends take dares to outrageous new levels in truTV's hilarious series "Impractical Jokers", now in its third season. Q, Murr, Joe and Sal bravely face some of the most unbelievably awkward and brazen hijinks yet, daring each other with over-the-top challenges that are guaranteed to set a new side-splitting standard.
1139	Impractical Jokers	Bathroom Break	Comedy	8.0	The guys get sassy while posing as auto parts salesmen, then head to the mall where they try to reel in unsuspecting shoppers; tonight's big loser is stuck in a horrible mess after being locked inside a rigged bathroom of horrors.
1139	Impractical Jokers	Kill the Centaur	Comedy	8.0	The guys get ballsy while posing as salesmen, and then try to outdo each other as they invade the personal space of confused strangers.
1139	Impractical Jokers	Captain Fatbelly	Comedy	8.0	The guys lend an unhelpful hand while working at a high-tech store, then play detectives at the mall in search of perps on the loose.
1139	Impractical Jokers	Sneaking Number Twos, Going Number One	Comedy	8.0	Joe, Q, Sal and Murr play a game of "Put-Pocket" at a grocery store, then get jumpy at the park after taking over each other's cell phones. And tonight's big loser learns that when you gotta go...you gotta go.
1139	Impractical Jokers	Blind Justice	Comedy	8.0	The guys get a littlepunchy while giving boxing lessons, then head to the mall to share the gift ofmusic with strangers. And when tonight's loser delivers the right speech to thewrong audience, he's the one who gets scared straight.
1139	Impractical Jokers	Tied and Feathered	Comedy	8.0	The guys teach a crash course in sorry behavior, ask strangers to settle bizarre debates, and spread surprisingly good news at the mall. Plus, tonight's loser has his hands tied when a day at the park turns into a frightful mess.
1139	Impractical Jokers	Smushed	Comedy	8.0	Joe, Q, Sal and Murr give a security presentation that's anything but safe, then hold hands with strangers in the park. And tonight's big loser quickly becomes an unwanted guest while clowning around at a kid's birthday party.
1139	Impractical Jokers	Anatomy of a Challenge	Comedy	8.0	Through four seasons of Impractical Jokers, the guys have never shied away from a challenge. Whether they're clipping balloons to strangers in a supermarket or pitching a humiliating autobiography to a focus group, Joe, Sal, Murr and Q do everything in their power to make each other squirm as much as humanly possible. In this special episode, the Jokers look back on the series' very best challenges and dish out behind-the-scenes secrets that have never been shared before.
1139	Impractical Jokers	Impractical Jokers: Unseen Scenes	Comedy	8.0	In this special episode, the Impractical Jokers unveil all the hilarity that was left on the cutting room floor. From unaired challenges to behind-the-scenes antics, the guys wax poetic about their favorite never-before-seen moments and give their fans a unique look behind the curtain.
1139	Impractical Jokers	Fan-tastic Countdown	Comedy	8.0	The Impractical Jokers count down the all-time greatest moments from the show, chosen by the fans! These are the most memorable bits - the iconic lines fans scream when they see the guys - the most shocking, cringe-worthy and embarrassing stunts that could only be pulled off by the Jokers. Essentially, it's a love letter to all the diehard fans; a crash course in why viewers love the guys so much. So let's get sexy and find Larry in the Castle Of White, Mustache! (If you don't get the references, you will after this special!)
1139	Impractical Jokers	100th Episode: Punishment Special	Comedy	8.0	Sal, Joe, Q and Murr celebrate 100 episodes of Impractical Jokers with a LIVE punishment in the heart of NYC. Hosted by Howie Mandel, the hour-long special opens with pre-taped challenges that involve the guys crossing items off their bucket lists, faking injuries at the grocery store and making their glorious return to the infamous two-way mirror. The episode then shifts to South Street Seaport for a four-way punishment in which each Joker walks a five-story-high tightrope, live.
1152	The Net	The Net	Thriller	7.0	The series follows the story of freelance programmer Angela Bennett, who receives a mysterious email which leads her into an internet chat with 'The Sorcerer'. Within minutes, her bank account has been closed, her credit cards have been canceled and she's been arrested. For some reason everyone believes she is Elizabeth Marx, an international criminal of some repute. Everyone she knows is dead and her former life no longer exists for all intents and purposes. However, when she is released by a NSA agent claiming to know who set her up, Angela sets out to prove her innocence while evading the evil forces at work.
1153	New Amsterdam	New Amsterdam	Drama	8.0	NEW AMSTERDAM centers on a brilliant New York homicide detective with a profound secret he is immortal. In response to a heroic action, John Amsterdam will not age a day until he finds "the one." He has had many lives as he has roamed the city of New York for the past 400 years searching for his one true love.
1156	North and South	North and South	Drama	9.5	Set against the backdrop of Victorian England's industrial north, it follows the fortunes of Margaret Hale, one of 19th century literature's most original heroines.
1159	Once and Again	Once and Again	Drama	none	Once And Again explored brave new territory with the compelling story of two families blending at the seams. The second marriage of Lily Manning to Rick Sammler pushes both to the limit as they try for domestic normalcy while navigating divorce, parenting, financial hardship and many other life lessons.
1161	Parade's End	Parade's End	Drama	9.0	In the dying days of the Edwardian Empire, Christopher Tietjens enters into a destructive marriage with the beautiful but cruel socialite Sylvia.
1161	Parade's End	Episode 1	Drama	9.0	In the dying days of the Edwardian Empire, Christopher Tietjens enters into a destructive marriage with the beautiful but cruel socialite Sylvia.Ignoring her overt flirtation with other men, Christopher resolves to remain faithful to her, even when he encounters fearless young suffragette Valentine.
1161	Parade's End	Episode 2	Drama	9.0	While Sylvia and Christopher are reunited publicly, their relationship remains turbulent in private. In the run up to war Christopher finds himself torn between his marriage vows and his feelings for Valentine.
1161	Parade's End	Episode 3	Drama	9.0	Vicious rumours about Christopher abound, leading to tragedy at Groby. Sylvia finds a new admirer who proves a distraction as the war continues, and Valentine moves to London. Meanwhile, Edith and MacMaster plan a new life together.
1161	Parade's End	Episode 4	Drama	9.0	In Rouen, an exhausted Christopher prepares soldiers for the draft. Back in London, Sylvia decides to visit her husband in France, oblivious to the consequences this will have for him.
1161	Parade's End	Episode 5	Drama	9.0	Christopher is sent to the Front with McKechnie and Perowne. While Valentine waits for news of Christopher, Sylvia - now ensconced at Groby - makes one final, desperate play for him.
1164	Party of Five	Party of Five	Drama	none	Five children orphaned by their parent's fatal auto accident seek to make their way in San Francisco.
1165	Picket Fences	Picket Fences	Drama	8.0	Picket Fences is the story of a sherriff and his family in Rome, Wisconsin, a town where things never seem to be
1166	Agatha Christie's Poirot	Agatha Christie's Poirot	Crime	9.0	Reunited with old friends, Poirot takes on challenging new investigations, once again testing his ‘little grey cells'.
1168	Les Revenants	Les Revenants	Drama	5.7	The Returned is a unique, stylish and powerful supernatural drama. It follows the residents of a small French alpine town as they come to terms with a series of mysterious and unbelievable occurrences. As a small group of unknowingly deceased men, women and children return from the dead and attempt to re-join the family and friends they left behind years before, the town begins to experience a series of chilling local murders….Beautifully filmed, expertly plotted, and featuring superbly believable performances and an unforgettably atmospheric soundtrack by cult Scottish group Mogwai, The Returned is the most original and enthralling series in years.
1168	Les Revenants	Camille	Drama	5.7	After having died several years ago, Camille and Simon mysteriously reappear at their homes in a small mountain community, throwing their loved ones' lives into a state of turmoil. Meanwhile, single nurse Julie receives a visit from a strange little boy.
1168	Les Revenants	Simon	Drama	5.7	Adele attempts to come to terms with Simon's 'return' as things get emotionally complicated. Camille tries to restart her old life but discovers the situation at home has changed and is introduced to Pierre, an odd and charismatic figure who predicted The Return.
1168	Les Revenants	Julie	Drama	5.7	Life in town is becoming gradually more disturbing. Determined to come out of hiding, Camille invents a new identity, Lena is horrified by a mysterious physical affliction, and Julie finds herself paralyzed by fear as an old trauma resurfaces.
1168	Les Revenants	Victor	Drama	5.7	Lena's health is turning for the worse and she's convinced it has something to do with Alice. While Adele and Simon begin to rekindle their romance, Julie decides something must be done with Victor, who may be implicated in a shocking death.
1168	Les Revenants	Serge et Toni	Drama	5.7	As the returned come out into the open they find they are unable to resume normal lives. Camille and Simon both find themselves abruptly rejected and Victor embarks on a search for his murderer. Incapacitated, Lena is found by an elusive figure.
1168	Les Revenants	Lucy	Drama	5.7	A massive electrical outage shuts down the town's power, creating a sense of unease, as people are drawn together in unexpected ways. Camille and Lucy find new roles within the community, Julie seeks refuge with an old friend and Lena grows closer to her mysterious rescuer.
1168	Les Revenants	Adele	Drama	5.7	Allegiances are forming, as the atmosphere in town grows increasingly hostile. Camille is accused of hurting people around her. Simon investigates the circumstances of his death and Julie wants to leave town, but has difficulty crossing the bridge over the dam.
1168	Les Revenants	La horde	Drama	5.7	Tensions are high between the living and the dead, as a newer, creepier wave of the returned descends upon them. With the townspeople in fear and the stakes higher than ever, everyone will have to choose sides.
1175	Nightwatch	Nightwatch	Action	none	The hour-long series follows elite teams of emergency responders as they risk their lives to work the busiest and most unnerving shift of the day, the overnight shift in New Orleans, Louisiana.
1175	Nightwatch	Retaliation	Action	none	A man is treated for gunshot wounds in the opener of this series following emergency responders working the night shift in New Orleans.
1175	Nightwatch	Those We Rely On	Action	none	A vehicle collision causes a fire at a gas station.
1175	Nightwatch	Officer Down	Action	none	A stabbing occurs at a birthday party; firefighters head to the scene of a burning car.
1175	Nightwatch	The Darkest Shift on the Scariest Night	Action	none	A burglary suspect is hunted on Halloween.
1175	Nightwatch	Their Worst Day	Action	none	A homicide suspect is pursued; a man falls into the Mississippi River.
1175	Nightwatch	Full Moon Rising	Action	none	A man's finger is bitten off by a dog; another man is stabbed.
1175	Nightwatch	100%, Every Time	Action	none	A car thief is pursued; EMT teams respond to emergency calls involving children in distress.
1176	The Slap	The Slap	Drama	none	Meet Hector: a public servant, husband, father and valued friend on the cusp of his 40th. Meet Aisha: Hector's beautiful and intelligent wife who is planning his birthday party filled with friends and his very boisterous Greek family. Sounds like the makings of a great day, right? Wrong. As Hector tries to navigate family politics, awkward friendships and the young woman he is dangerously captivated by, the built-up tension explodes when Hector's hotheaded cousin slaps another couple's misbehaving child. Everyone is understandably stunned, and the party abruptly ends with the child's parents vowing legal action. But what the hosts and guests don't know is that this moment will ignite a chain of events that will uncover long-buried secrets within this group of friends and family ... and vigorously challenge the core values of everyone involved.
1176	The Slap	Hector	Drama	none	Unfortunately, the party is anything but celebratory, as Hector wrestles with his attraction to the teenage babysitter, Connie, and his cousin slaps a child who is not his own.
1176	The Slap	Harry	Drama	none	As the situation escalates and the police visit Harry, Hector convinces him to apologize to Gary and Rosie, but his temper gets in the way. T
1176	The Slap	Anouk	Drama	none	In the midst of attempting to balance her television show, ailing mother, and her much younger boyfriend, Anouk discovers she's pregnant.
1176	The Slap	Manolis	Drama	none	In an effort to rebuild friendships, Manolis tries to convince Aisha to forgive Harry. When his plans fail, a night of drunken soul searching brings him to a dying friend.
1176	The Slap	Connie	Drama	none	Connie comes to believe her secretive relationship with Hector will help her escape her mundane life. A visit to her father's former lover prompts Connie to profess her love to Hector, and she must deal with the consequences.
1176	The Slap	Aisha	Drama	none	Following Aisha's emotional business trip, Hector surprises her with a romantic getaway during which each of their secrets is finally revealed. A
1176	The Slap	Rosie	Drama	none	In the process, Rosie alienates what few sympathizers she has left, including her husband, Gary. But when Thanasis dismantles Rosie's testimony in court, Gary comes to her defense and informs the prosecution of Ritchie's incriminating photographs.
1176	The Slap	Ritchie	Drama	none	Harry and Thanasis discover and immediately leak a dark story from Ritchie's past, sending Ritchie into a suicidal spiral. Thankfully, Gary saves Ritchie and tells him to tell his truth, no matter who it hurts.
1177	Good Witch	Good Witch	Comedy	8.0	The adventures of a mysteriously enchanting woman, who peaks the curiosity of her neighbors. Based on the "Good Witch" series of cable movies.
1177	Good Witch	Starting Over... Again	Comedy	8.0	New neighbors become curious about Cassie, her daughter and their mysterious ways in the series premiere of this drama based on the "Good Witch" series of cable movies.
1177	Good Witch	Running Scared	Comedy	8.0	The Heritage Festival is held. Meanwhile, a frightened young woman stays at Grey House, and an elderly resident who's returned to town seems to know something about her; and Grace tries to assist Nick, but she gets caught up in his lies.
1177	Good Witch	Do The Right Thing	Comedy	8.0	The mysterious Ashley vanishes. Meanwhile, a visiting duo cause a commotion as the town holds its heritage ball.
1177	Good Witch	All In The Family	Comedy	8.0	Cassie's cousin Abigail returns to town and her impish behavior is on full display, captivating Sam and Grace, but displeasing Cassie.
1177	Good Witch	The Truth About Lies	Comedy	8.0	Cassie's magic can't keep her away from Abigail's scheming when the truth becomes too hard to hide and Abigail continues to stir the pot in Middleton.
1177	Good Witch	The Storm	Comedy	8.0	A dangerous blizzard approaches and makes Martha overzealous with power. Meanwhile, Sam gets ready for a visit from his ex-wife; Cassie grows concerned about a pregnant woman staying at Grey House; and Ryan receives a new job opportunity.
1177	Good Witch	Together We Stand…	Comedy	8.0	Cassie and Sam join forces to save someone's life as a winter storm puts the town in jeopardy.
1177	Good Witch	True Colors	Comedy	8.0	In the first-season finale, Cassie gets some upsetting news about her store, so the townsfolk come together to offer her support.
1178	American Odyssey	American Odyssey	Action	7.0	When Sgt. Odelle Ballard stumbles upon an explosive secret, she must do whatever it takes to survive and find a way back to her family.
1178	American Odyssey	Gone Elvis	Action	7.0	In North Africa, Sgt. Odelle Ballard stumbles upon computer files that show a major U.S corporation is secretly funding terrorists. She is able to download the files onto a jump drive, but her unit is attacked before she can tell anyone. While the world is told that her entire team was tragically wiped out by enemy militants, Odelle, the sole survivor, knows the truth: they were attacked by private AMERICAN military contractors because of the information she has on her jump drive. In New York City, corporate litigator Peter Decker finds himself embroiled with the same corporation Odelle discovered to be funding jihadists. As Peter begins to connect the dots of corruption in the private sphere, political activist Harrison Walters suspects a government cover-up when he meets a hacker with proof that Odelle is still alive.
1178	American Odyssey	Oscar Mike	Action	7.0	Sgt. Odelle Ballard, aware of the target on her back, desperately tries to avoid detection as she and her young Malian companion Aslam hide among the Tuareg on their pilgrimage through the desert. In New York, Harrison Walters fears for his own reputation when hacker Bob becomes reluctant to share his evidence that Odelle Ballard is alive. Racked with guilt over the murder of drone pilot Danny Gentry, Peter takes his suspicions about Societel to the Department of Justice and faces threats after attempting to gather information against the company from within.
1178	American Odyssey	Drop King	Action	7.0	Now captive in Bamako, Odelle must prove her value to an Ansar Dine interrogator. Meanwhile, in New York, Harrison reluctantly turns to his famous journalist father for help when he learns he has a connection to Colonel Glen. Peter finds himself in danger after uncovering new evidence against Societel Mining. Under pressure, he takes a meeting with Sophia Tsaladari, the leading candidate for Greek Prime Minister - which leads to an unexpected breakthrough.
1178	American Odyssey	Tango Uniform	Action	7.0	Odelle reaches a détente with her Ansar Dine captor, as both Aslam and Frank Majors increase their respective efforts to find her. In New York, Peter discovers his investigation of Societiel Mining is being complicated by the involvement of a US Senator. Harrison prepares to deliver the eulogy at his late father's funeral, and Bob reveals that Randall's death is not all that it appears.
1178	American Odyssey	Beat Feet	Action	7.0	On orders from Colonel Glen, Odelle makes her way to a secret CIA safe house, but soon realizes that Glen may not be acting in her best interest. In New York, Peter discovers that Joe is under "investigation" by Societel Mining, and his increasingly paranoid behavior disturbs his wife and daughter. Looking for clues about his father's murder, Harrison and Bob try to get in touch with Randall's last source.
1178	American Odyssey	Wingman	Action	7.0	After seeing Aslam's picture on Shakir Kahn's television show, Odelle is finally reunited with her young friend. Maya's relationship with Cameron deepens, worrying Peter, who believes that the young man is a Societel Mining spy. Still hot on his father's trail, Harrison inquires about a story his father never finished.
1178	American Odyssey	Soup Sandwich	Action	7.0	Peter breaks into an Societel Mining warehouse to uncover more evidence on the company's misdeeds but the mission does not go as planned. Isabel Rainey comes to Club Cachette to hear Odelle's story but Odelle and Aslam are forced to run, leaving Shakir Khan to fend for himself. Harrison and Bob finally make contact with Yusuf Qasim, a man who may have answers to their questions.
1178	American Odyssey	Kmag Yoyo	Action	7.0	Odelle and Aslam are hit hard by Frank Majors' attack on Shakir Khan. Meanwhile, a desperate Peter makes a deal with Societel Mining CEO Alex Baker, as his marriage reaches a breaking point. Bob gets closer to discovering Ruby's true identity, though what he discovers might not be enough to stop her relationship with Harrison. Also, Suzanne makes a new friend.
1178	American Odyssey	Figmo	Action	7.0	Luc comes to Odelle and Aslam's (Omar Ghazaoui) rescue, and Odelle learns about the mysterious Frenchman's past. Back in New York, Sophia Tsaldari helps Peter get closer to Yusuf Qasim and further exacerbates the rift with his family. Bob tells Harrison the truth about Ruby, which has unintended consequences. Suzanne and Julia continue to bond, raising questions for both Ron and Col. Glen
1178	American Odyssey	Fubar Bundy	Action	7.0	Now with an unconscious Frank in their captivity, Odelle, Aslam and Luc, must figure out what to do with him. Peter finally makes contact with Yusuf Qasim while Ruby is forced to come to terms with the fact that her mission is not yet complete.
1178	American Odyssey	Gingerbread	Action	7.0	While held hostage by the mysterious Dogon shaman, Odelle is taken on a strange trip, during which she is forced to confront the ghosts of her recent past. Meanwhile, back in New York, Peter reaches his lowest point yet, as both his professional life and personal life take dramatic hits. Harrison and Ruby go on a romantic vacation.
1178	American Odyssey	Bug Out	Action	7.0	Odelle gets used to a new life while in Algeria with Luc and Aslam, but it doesn't last.
1178	American Odyssey	Real World	Action	7.0	As the world discovers that the truth about Odelle, she and Aslam find refuge in Barcelona with someone from Luc's past. But when Odelle finally has a chance to tell her story to reporter Isabel Rainey, she encounters an unavoidable obstacle. Meanwhile, back in New York, the truth about Societel Mining's misdeeds sends ripples through Peter's world and Harrison works to expose Osela.
1179	Wayward Pines	Wayward Pines	Drama	7.9	Based on Blake Crouch's international best-selling series of books and brought to life by suspenseful storyteller M. Night Shyamalan, WAYWARD PINES stars Academy Award nominee Matt Dillon as a Secret Service agent on a mission to find two missing federal agents, whose investigation only turns up more questions. But each question leads him to the most important question of all: What's wrong with Wayward Pines?
1179	Wayward Pines	Where Paradise Is Home	Drama	7.9	After surviving a terrible car crash, Secret Service Agent Ethan Burke finds himself in the charming, bucolic town of Wayward Pines but soon discovers that something isn't quite right.
1179	Wayward Pines	Don't Discuss Your Life Before	Drama	7.9	Ethan struggles to understand why Sheriff Pope does not want him to leave Wayward Pines. Frustrated by the lack of information and answers as to Ethan's whereabouts, Theresa decides she will go in search of him herself.
1179	Wayward Pines	Our Town, Our Law	Drama	7.9	Following Beverly's "reckoning" in the town square, Ethan is shocked by Kate's participation in the heinous act. Although determined to find his way out of Wayward Pines, Peter meets real estate agent Peter McCall, who gives him a new house. Meanwhile, Theresa and Ben head to Idaho to find Ethan, who has another run-in with Sheriff Pope.
1179	Wayward Pines	One of Our Senior Realtors Has Chosen to Retire	Drama	7.9	After the Burkes' run-in with Sheriff Pope, they head back into town to discover that Ethan has been named in a new leadership role in Wayward Pines. With his new role, Nurse Pam tells Ethan he must call a reckoning for Peter McCall, a "traitor" who painted graffiti on Main Street. Meanwhile, Ben goes to his first day of school at Wayward Pines Academy, where he gets private tutoring from teacher Megan Fisher and Theresa is offered a job as a realtor.
1179	Wayward Pines	The Truth	Drama	7.9	Ethan ventures outside of Wayward Pines and is shocked by what he discovers. Meanwhile, Theresa reports to her new realty job and meets her first client who is as confused as Theresa about the eerie town and Ben goes through orientation and learns the truth about Wayward Pines from his teacher Megan Fisher.
1179	Wayward Pines	Choices	Drama	7.9	Ethan gets a tour of the facility and personnel that manage the day-to-day operations of Wayward Pines and learns more about the history and how the residents ended up in the eerie town. Meanwhile, at the realty office, Theresa finds a map of an unusual plot of land she wants to investigate and Kate and Harold are planning a covert operation.
1179	Wayward Pines	Betrayal	Drama	7.9	After discovering the truth behind Wayward Pines, Ethan finds a bomb planted in his car, which makes him question people whom he thought he could trust. Meanwhile, Kate and Harold have a fertility consult meeting with Nurse Pam and Ben and Amy's (guest star Sarah Jeffery) relationship heats up.
1179	Wayward Pines	The Friendliest Place on Earth	Drama	7.9	After an explosion on Main Street leaves two key residents of Wayward Pines in critical condition, Ethan is determined to find out who is responsible for the horrific act. Meanwhile, Harold opts out of the covert operation he and Kate were planning, and Nurse Pam interviews surveillance engineers to find out if there are any workers responsible for falsely reporting activities of any Wayward Pines residents.
1179	Wayward Pines	A Reckoning	Drama	7.9	After Harold attempts to break past the fence surrounding Wayward Pines, Ethan interrogates him about other insurgents who have gone off the grid. Meanwhile, Amy's (guest star Sarah Jeffery) health takes a turn for the worse, Nurse Pam encourages Theresa to investigate Plot 33, Ben's teacher, Megan Fisher (guest star Hope Davis), advises Ben to speak publicly about the current events effecting Wayward Pines and Ethan reveals the truth about the town to the residents.
1179	Wayward Pines	Cycle	Drama	7.9	After Pilcher decides to turn off the electricity in Wayward Pines - with deadly repercussions - Ethan and Kate take the initiative to make sure everyone is out of harm's way. Meanwhile, Nurse Pam confronts Pilcher on his decision and tries to convince him to reconsider, Ethan and Kate plan for an attack and the first generation tries to protect the future of Wayward Pines by taking matters into their own hands.
1195	Alaska: The Last Frontier	Alaska: The Last Frontier	Adventure	none	Alaska: The Last Frontier follows the Kilcher family and their simple, off-the-grid lifestyle.
1195	Alaska: The Last Frontier	Hardcore Homesteading	Adventure	none	Eve gains access to running water thanks to Eivin.
1195	Alaska: The Last Frontier	The Super Bull Special	Adventure	none	Otto transports a new bull to the head of the bay.
1197	A Haunting	A Haunting	Drama	none	"When the door between the spirit world and ours is opened, the stuff of nightmares becomes reality". That's according to the introduction of this series "A Haunting" which dramatizes the "true" stories of people who have been haunted or experienced a haunting. In this docu-drama, the actual people involved recount their stories on-camera, as the frightening events of their stories are re-enacted....First quote in opening of show"Between the world we see and the things we fear, there are doors. When they are opened, nightmares become reality."
1197	A Haunting	Demonic Activity: Episode 1	Drama	none	When a relentless demon threatens to shatter the idyllic home life of the close-knit Cupit family they turn to a team of paranormal investigators and demonologist to battle the evil force and force it back into hell.
1197	A Haunting	Demonic Activity: Episode 2	Drama	none	A mother and son match wits against a vicious demon who uses an ancient artifact to open portals in their home.
1197	A Haunting	Ghost Attack: Episode 2	Drama	none	Updated with bone-chilling bonus scenes and paranormal facts: A young family senses a presence in their home. When things turn violent, will the family reclaim their home before it's too late?
1197	A Haunting	House of Horror: Episode 1	Drama	none	Updated with bone-chilling bonus scenes and paranormal facts: When a family moves into a home with a dark, hidden history, they soon begin to realize they are not alone.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	Cutthroat Kitchen	Cooking	5.0	Just how far is a chef willing to go to win a cooking competition? "Cutthroat Kitchen" hands four chefs each $25,000 and the opportunity to spend that money on helping themselves or sabotaging their competitors. Ingredients will be thieved, utensils destroyed and valuable time on the clock lost when the chefs compete to cook delicious dishes while also having to outplot the competition. With Alton Brown as the devilish provocateur, nothing is out of bounds when money changes hands and we see just how far chefs will go to ensure they have the winning dish.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	21 Chum Street	Cooking	5.0	One chef must use a shark jaw as a knife. Then, two chefs must cook out of — and on top of — a suitcase. Finally, a banana nut muffin challenge that drives the chefs both bananas and nuts.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	Grill Or Be Grilled	Cooking	5.0	Four chefs are fired up to be named Cutthroat's grill master. One chef makes a dish that almost tastes like chicken. Then somebody feels the heat while tied to a rotisserie. Finally, burgers as never before.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	Carne Diem	Cooking	5.0	One chef gets on a roll using a twisted pan. Then, a big burrito causes someone even bigger problems. Finally, a chef learns that there's nothing more helpless than a "kitchen" up a tree.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	The Best Of The Worst	Cooking	5.0	The worst sabotages of all time. One chef finds themselves cooking upstream. Then, someone's chicken parmesan gets canned. Finally, a chef gets completely turned around while making crepes.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	The Waffle Truth	Cooking	5.0	One chef pops a wheelie while making a dip. Then, someone nearly has a meltdown cooking on Mt. Stromboli. Finally, a chef just might blow it making waffles in a saxophone.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	Tikka Me Alton	Cooking	5.0	Guest judge Susan Feniger samples the chefs' smoothie moves. Then, someone takes a ride on an elephant they'll never forget. Finally, a chef raises the roof in an oatmeal cookie challenge.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	Circus Spectacular	Cooking	5.0	It's big top fun when chefs make corn dogs in a clown car. Then, a ring of fire drives somebody nuts. Finally, a chef goes three-wheeling while making funnel cake.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	Meanwhile, Back on the Huevos Rancheros…	Cooking	5.0	Chefs face off in an intense egg soccer match. Then, two chefs can't get off each other's backs. One chef is hounded by a bad memory while making blondies.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	My Kitchen For A Horse	Cooking	5.0	A gang of chefs on bouncy horses face a biscuit breakfast challenge. Then, it's two on a stroller making chicken nuggets. Finally, two chefs battle with long tools and short legs.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	I Know Who Kilt Me	Cooking	5.0	One chef gets hassled by haggis. Then, a pair of chopsticks becomes a huge obstacle for someone. Finally, a chef finds that they're not so sweet on key lime pie.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	A Full Monte Cristo	Cooking	5.0	A chef draws a sword during a Monte Cristo challenge. Then, it's not exactly the "lab" of luxury for one chef. Finally, rocky road really lives up to its name.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	A River Runs Canoe It	Cooking	5.0	Guest judge Susan Feniger tests the fish sandwich waters. Then one chef hits the rodeo on the back of a bucking bronco. Finally, someone gets sent up the river while making Mississippi mud pie.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	Actions Speak Chowder Than Words	Cooking	5.0	One chef takes Manhattan ... clam chowder, that is. Then, someone gets shell-shocked by their opponent. Finally, it's a cold, cold winter when one chef feels the heat.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	Camp Cutthroat: Porks And Rec	Cooking	5.0	Two chefs share a blindfold during a pork and beans challenge. Then someone finds out just what a bear does in the woods. Finally, one chef finds themselves followed by a very persistent dark cloud.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	Stop, Drop And Flambe	Cooking	5.0	One of the firefighter chefs gets hosed in the chili cheese fries challenge. Then, a burning buffalo chicken sandwich factory fires up the contestants. Finally, the chefs' dishes go up in flames.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	Camp Cutthroat: Wet, Hot, American Sabotage	Cooking	5.0	It's a balancing act for two chefs making a pancake breakfast. Then, someone gets their mind blown by a high-powered fan. Finally, everything is at stake during a steak dinner challenge.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	The Truck Stops Here	Cooking	5.0	Four food truck chefs get locked in a breakfast sandwich showdown. Then, it's a double-decker burrito battle. Finally, one chef gets the scoop on their opponent and it isn't pretty.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	Camp Cutthroat: Rock Wall Me, Amadeus	Cooking	5.0	Competitors struggle to hold on to their ingredients. Then, there's a big obstacle between two chefs and their barbecue chicken. Finally, one chef has to hang in there while cooking on a rock wall.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	Greece Lightning	Cooking	5.0	Two chefs rumble on ancient Greek rubble. Then, it's the blind leading the blindfolded in a seafood risotto challenge. Finally, it's a head-to-head battle that's nothing but monkey business.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	Camp Cutthroat: If It Bleeds, We Can Skillet	Cooking	5.0	One chef hits the trail in search of new ingredients. Then, it's a skillet breakfast cookout from atop a lookout tower. Finally, one competitor finds themselves in chilly waters while making chili.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	Camp Cutthroat Finale: The Great Troutdoors	Cooking	5.0	Two chefs rock the boat making a trout dinner. Then it's time for opponents to chase down their cheese. Finally, it's a tight squeeze for someone making dessert Camp Cutthroat-style.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	Taco Dirty to Me	Cooking	5.0	Guest judge David Alan Grier dives into some breakfast tacos. Then, things get romantic when two chefs get hitched. Finally, one chef gets taken for a ride on the CTK Express.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	Operation Gumbo Drop	Cooking	5.0	One chef finds themselves working around the clock. Then, someone makes gumbo by tossing their ingredients from a balcony. Finally, white chocolate macadamia drives everybody nuts.
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	We Came, We See-Sawed, We Conquered	Cooking	5.0	It's toad in a hole on a trio of funky pans. Then, it's up and down for two chefs cooking on a see-saw. Finally, one chef's plan for a perfect Napoleon is "blown apart."
1198	Cutthroat Kitchen	Sabootage 2: Electric Boo-galoo	Cooking	5.0	The chefs make wraps that only a mummy could love. Then, a ghoul-ash challenge turns gruesome. Finally, one chef slams the front door on another in an all-out candy competition.
1201	Bizarre Foods with Andrew Zimmern	Bizarre Foods with Andrew Zimmern	Cooking	none	Bizarre Foods with Andrew Zimmern is back with another round of exotic eats from around the globe! After 6 seasons of Bizarre Foods America exploring unusual edibles in his own backyard, Zimmern is dusting off his passport once again to crisscross the globe in search of the world's most bizarre foods. Zimmern believes that the best way to explore other cultures is by sharing food, even though what's common fare in one country may be a challenge for the western palate. In Bizarre Foods, this adventurous eater infiltrates markets and restaurants taking viewers behind the scenes to savor the local cuisine - even if that means gulping down ant eggs in Mexico City or slurping on snails in Portugal. This curious traveler is game for anything and knows the most interesting food is found closest to the source.
1201	Bizarre Foods with Andrew Zimmern	Once in a Lifetime	Cooking	none	The show features Maggot cheese in Nicaragua and live langoustine in the Faroe Islands.
1201	Bizarre Foods with Andrew Zimmern	Guatemala: Balls, Brains & Bull's Eyes	Cooking	none	Fresh bull testicle ceviche and possum Sunday dinner in Guatemala where ancient flavors are still alive.
1201	Bizarre Foods with Andrew Zimmern	Croatia's Dalmatian Coast: Roasted Rodents & Stone Soup	Cooking	none	Ancient tastes in Croatia like roasted dormice and giant offal kebabs to baked rooster and grilled frog.
1201	Bizarre Foods with Andrew Zimmern	Paris Reborn: Cow Heads, Caves & Pig Parts	Cooking	none	Mushrooms harvested in underground caves; brined ham delivered to the presidential palace; aging artisanal French cheese.
1201	Bizarre Foods with Andrew Zimmern	Philadelphia: Shad Cakes, Krak & Kishke	Cooking	none	Cheese-steak and shad cake to turkey neck and pig liver in Philadelphia where pride brings good food.
1204	A Crime to Remember	A Crime to Remember	Crime	9.0	Styles may change, but murder lasts forever. Investigation Discovery's newest series, A CRIME TO REMEMBER, invites viewers to step into the past and unravel the intricacies of real-life murder cases of the ‘50s and ‘60s. Set against the backdrop of Studebakers, fedoras, and three-martini lunches, these stories of truly mad men and women reveal complicated relationships where thwarted dreams and repressed passions led to terrible crimes. With A CRIME TO REMEMBER, ID inaugurates a new high-end cinematic style, using the visual grammar of movies to bring the era to life. To properly illustrate each time period, the series stays true to the fashion and styles while highlighting the cultural taboos and social norms that informed each case. Each story is driven by the narrative of a fictional bystander who "knew" the victim, while reporters who covered the case explain how the crime and investigation impacted society. With six episodes, each hour in this limited series plays out like a dramatic period thriller designed to have the viewer relive those "bad old days."
1206	Little Women: LA	Little Women: LA	Drama	none	Terra Jolé, Tonya Banks, Elena Gant, Christy McGinity Gibel, Traci Harrison Tsou and Briana Manson all return for the second season of "Little Women: LA," and the stakes are higher than ever. When a shocking baby announcement is made and there's a new little lady in town, the group's friendships are pushed to the limit. In each hour-long episode, viewers get a unique glimpse into the lives of these girlfriends as they wade through the ups and downs of life, supporting one another every step of the way as they prove, once again, that height is just a number.
1213	Cleaners	Cleaners	Action	8.0	The first season followed two gorgeous young women (Emmanuelle Chriqui, Emily Osment) who turn out to be a team of highly trained and lethal contract killers. While on an errand for their boss (Gershon), the job goes bad and the duo quickly find themselves as the target of their boss' client, the FBI (Arquette) - and even their own boss - whose team of assassins is now out to eliminate them. Season 2 opens on a Caribbean island two weeks after the end of season one. Veronica (Chriqui) and Roxie (Osment) realize they have not escaped their past just yet... The female assassins find themselves trying to take down a major drug cartel and are entangled in the trappings of Mother (Gershon), who is trying to hunt them down. All the while, Agent Barnes (Arquette) is on a mission to take down Mother.
1215	Hollands Hoop	Hollands Hoop	Drama	none	When forensic psychiatrist Fokke Augustine inherited a farm from his father, he's at home with a burnout. He decides to move to the Groningen countryside with his family. The farm appears to be a marijuana empire and is part of a criminal network. The ethical sense of Fokke is crumbling, especially when he is successful with doubtful activities.
1216	Bosch	Bosch	Drama	8.7	Based on Michael Connelly's best-selling novels, Harry Bosch (Titus Welliver), an LAPD homicide detective, stands trial for the fatal shooting of a serial murder suspect. A cold case involving the remains of a missing boy forces Bosch to confront his past.
1216	Bosch	'Tis the Season	Drama	8.7	As daring recruit Julia Brasher (Annie Wersching) catches his eye, and departmental politics heat up, Bosch will pursue justice at all costs.
1216	Bosch	Lost Light	Drama	8.7	A routine traffic stop lands a suspect who poses a lethal new threat, while Bosch and J. Edgar (Jamie Hector) pursue a promising lead in the bones case. Bosch locks horns with Deputy Chief Irving (Lance Reddick) over his ongoing court battle, just as his relationship with Brasher picks up. And murder suspect Raynard Waits (Jason Gedrick) makes a startling confession about Bosch's cold case.
1216	Bosch	Blue Religion	Drama	8.7	After the young victim in the bones case is identified, Bosch and J. Edgar are pulled into the troubled world of the boy's family. As Bosch's own trial escalates, his romance with Brasher takes a turn. And an intense confrontation with Raynard Waits forces Bosch to rethink everything.
1216	Bosch	Fugazi	Drama	8.7	The bones investigation uncovers the family's dark past. As Bosch's court case reaches a climactic verdict, he gets caught up in a dangerous field trip with Waits, who may be setting him up. A stunning turn of events leads to a frantic citywide manhunt, and Bosch is back on the hot seat.
1216	Bosch	Mama's Boy	Drama	8.7	As the Raynard Waits matter escalates, Deputy Chief Irving sidelines Bosch. The detective turns his focus to unraveling the mystery of the bones case - until he becomes ensnared in a dangerous game of cat and mouse.
1216	Bosch	Donkey's Years	Drama	8.7	Bosch travels to Las Vegas to see his teenage daughter, Maddie, and to gain insight into Waits from his ex-wife, Eleanor Wish, once a brilliant forensic profiler. Back in LA, Waits taunts Bosch as he begins backing up his threats. Bosch returns to a maelstrom as the simple questioning of a witness in the bones case endangers Brasher.
1216	Bosch	Lost Boys	Drama	8.7	Bosch struggles to manage both professional and personal fallout, as an echo of his past helps him discover pivotal clues in the Waits case. As the stakes escalate, a restless Waits hatches a deadly plan.
1216	Bosch	High Low	Drama	8.7	Bosch gains a new ally in his ex-wife Eleanor. Deputy Chief Irving makes a series of deals that will shape the future of the police department - and possibly even the city itself. Waits's disturbing focus on Bosch intensifies.
1216	Bosch	The Magic Castle	Drama	8.7	The true story of the bones murder is finally revealed, placing Bosch in hot water and stretching the LAPD to the breaking point. Bosch's own painful past leads him headlong into a showdown with Raynard Waits.
1216	Bosch	Us and Them	Drama	8.7	Bosch has to face the aftermath of his confrontation with Waits, while his daughter's unexpected visit offers some precious time together. In the wake of the bones investigation, Bosch's job is in jeopardy, and he's suddenly on the outside once again.
1220	Wallander	Wallander	Drama	9.0	This drama follows Inspector Kurt Wallander – a middle-aged everyman – as he struggles against a rising tide of violence in the apparently sleepy backwaters in and around Ystad in Skane, southern Sweden. Based on the international best-selling books by Henning Mankell.
1224	Unsere Mütter, unsere Väter	Unsere Mütter, unsere Väter	Drama	10.0	Generation War: Our Mothers, Our Fathers.The story of five German friends in the years from 1941 to 1945. Their friendship was meant to last their whole lives, but the war changed everything.
1224	Unsere Mütter, unsere Väter	Eine andere Zeit	Drama	10.0	Berlin in the summer of 1941: The five friends Wilhelm, his beautiful spiritual brother Friedhelm, Charlotte, Viktor and Greta meet to say goodbye. Wilhelm and Friedhelm are ordered to the Eastern Front, Charlotte will go there as a field nurse. They promise to meet again after the war and are convinced that it will be over by Christmas.
1224	Unsere Mütter, unsere Väter	Ein anderer Krieg	Drama	10.0	After the initial great military successes, the German army push on towards Moscow. The longer the war in the East, war-veteran Lieutenant Wilhelm Winter and his brother Friedhelm, experiences the horrors of the Russian campaign. When the two witnesses of a pogrom in a Ukrainian farming village will in which a German SS-officer shoots a 14 year old girl despite the intervention of Wilhelm, their previous notions of war comes to a falter. In the hospital, Charlotte also meets the disillusioning reality of war. Greta is getting closer to becoming a celebrated singer and uses her "charm" to help Viktor get out of Germany.
1224	Unsere Mütter, unsere Väter	Ein anderes Land	Drama	10.0	Sent to the eastern front for troop entertainment, Greta meets Willhelm, Friedhelm and Charlotte again in distant Russia, two years after their last meeting. The war has changed the friends.It is on the eve of the biggest German armoured offensive,"Operation Citadel", near the Russian city of Kursk. The offensive is going to shift the balance of power in the East again, in favour of the Wehrmacht.Greta missed her plane to Germany and are stranded at the front. Viktor escapes the transport train to a concentration camp in Poland together with the Polish woman, Alina. They end up with the Polish partisans. Wilhelm's unit is wiped out in the Battle of Kursk and Friedhelm, the sole returning survivor of the unit, believes that his brother has fallen. But Willhelm, who confused and wounded wandered off from the battle and found shelter in a deserted hut, is caught by MPs and condemned to death by firing squad for desertion.
1229	Paradox	Paradox	Drama	9.0	Mysterious images that show incidents 18 hours before they happen are transmitted from space. As a space scientist attempts to explain their source, detectives race against time to change the future.
1237	The Kill Point	The Kill Point	Action	none	THE KILL POINT, an eight-hour event focusing on two men as they square off during a bank heist gone horribly wrong and the hostage negotiations that ensue. John Leguizamo is "Mr. Wolf," the leader of a small group of military veterans who set out to rob a major bank in Pittsburgh. When things go awry, they're forced to take more than a dozen hostages from all walks of life, including a wealthy and powerful businessman's daughter. Suddenly, "Mr. Wolf" finds himself battling the police, the hostages and members of his own team while at the same time, fighting his own personal demons from the Iraq war and from his own war at home. Will he be sharp enough to hold it all together or lose control of the situation? And will he find redemption before it's too late -- and does he even care to? On the opposite side of the perimeter is "Horst Cali," the Pittsburgh Police Department Hostage Negotiator, played by Donnie Wahlberg, who must go toe-to-toe with "Mr. Wolf." "Cali" must use his wit and negotiating skills, while managing his own personal issues, to manipulate the situation and convince Wolf to free the hostages before the FBI takes control, or worse. With time of the essence and the uncertainty of the unfolding events, both men need to remain resourceful and collected or risk losing lives. THE KILL POINT reveals how the hostage takers leverage their situation and how the negotiator tries to unravel their plans. Which man will blink? Who will outsmart the other? Who will survive? It's a dangerous game of chess played out with human lives at stake.
1245	Ironside	Ironside	Drama	8.3	In the gritty world of the NYPD, no one's tougher than Det. Robert Ironside. He's a fearless cop who won't stop until the guilty are brought to justice. He and his trusted, handpicked team of specialists - Virgil, Holly and Teddy, as well as his former partner Gary and boss, Det. Ed Rollins- will do whatever it takes to solve New York's most difficult and notorious crimes. As a detective, Ironside's instincts are second to none, and those around him have to stay on their toes if they want to keep up because when his spine was shattered by a bullet two years ago, Ironside swore he'd never let a wheelchair slow him down.
1251	Full House	Full House	Comedy	none	Danny Tanner, widowed father of three young and rambunctious girls recruits his two buddies--his rock 'n' roller brother-in-law, Jesse, and his best friend, Joey, an infrequently employed stand-up comic--to move in and help him raise the brood.
1251	Full House	Just One of the Guys	Comedy	none	When Cousin Steve from Baltimore arrives to visit colleges, DJ gets jealous when he starts spending so much time with Danny, Joey, and Uncle Jesse.
1251	Full House	Educating Jesse	Comedy	none	When DJ's high school plans to do a stay in school campaign and she turns to her family for help in making it a success, Jesse tries to keep the fact that he's a high school dropout a secret.
1256	Kingdom Hospital	Kingdom Hospital	Horror	7.3	Stephen King Presents Kingdom Hospital is the haunting new 15-hour drama series developed directly for television by the award-winning, best-selling master of horror. Using Lars Von Trier's Danish miniseries "Riget" (a.k.a. "The Kingdom") as a point of inspiration, King tells the terrifying story of The Kingdom, a hospital with a bizarre population that includes a nearly blind security guard, a nurse who regularly faints at the sight of blood and a paraplegic artist whose recovery is a step beyond miraculous. When patients and staff hear the tortured voice of a little girl crying through the halls, they are dismissive of any suggestion of mysticism of unseen powers ... but at their own peril.
1259	Star Wars: Clone Wars	Star Wars: Clone Wars	Action	8.7	The Clone Wars television series chronicles the events taking place between Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones and Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith. The Clone Wars will ultimately lead to the downfall of the Jedi and the rise of the Galactic Empire.
1260	Melrose Place	Melrose Place	Drama	1.0	In an elegant Spanish-style apartment building in the trendy Melrose neighborhood of Los Angeles, a diverse group of 20-somethings have formed a close-knit surrogate family. Sydney Andrews (Laura Leighton, the original "Melrose Place") is the landlady, still beautiful at 40, and a central figure in the lives of all her tenants, especially handsome and rebellious David Breck (Shaun Sipos, "Shark"). Sydney started an affair with David despite her turbulent history with his estranged father, Dr. Michael Mancini (Thomas Calabro, the original "Melrose Place"). Both father and son learned through experience that Sydney was not above using blackmail to control people. Another tenant, high-powered publicist Ella Simms (Katie Cassidy, "Supernatural"), once considered Sydney her mentor, but their friendship was destroyed by betrayal, and Sydney threatened to evict Ella and ruin her career. Sydney also played a pivotal role in the career of Auggie Kirkpatrick (Colin Egglesfield, "All My Children"). After they met at an AA meeting, she became Auggie's sponsor and encouraged his dream to become a chef. Now a successful sous chef at the trendy restaurant Coal, Auggie has been avoiding Sydney since she began drinking again. The other tenants include Lauren Yung (Stephanie Jacobsen, "Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles"), a medical student in desperate need of money to pay her student loans, and Jonah Miller (Michael Rady, "Swingtown"), an aspiring filmmaker who has just proposed to his live-in girlfriend Riley Richmond (Jessica Lucas, "Cloverfield"), a first-grade teacher. The newest tenant, 18-year-old Violet Foster (Ashlee Simpson-Wentz, "7th Heaven"), has just arrived in LA with her own secret connection to Sydney. When a bloody body is found floating in the courtyard pool, David is the leading suspect. However, as the police are soon to discover, almost everyone living at Melrose Place had a reason to want the deceased out of the way.
1262	Law & Order: UK	Law & Order: UK	Drama	9.5	"In the criminal justice system, the people are represented by two separate, yet equally important groups: the police who investigate crime, and the Crown Prosecutors who prosecute the offenders. These are their stories.""Law & Order: UK" is a British television crime drama following both police and prosecutors as they bring criminals to justice, based on the original "Law & Order" - each episode is based on an original script from that show with suitable changes for the English legal system. The "Law" is the fictional "Central London Police" and the "Order" is the Crown Prosecution Service. The series airs on ITV and is produced by the independent production company Kudos.
1263	Ben 10: Ultimate Alien	Ben 10: Ultimate Alien	Action	none	An all-new animated series follows 16-year-old Ben Tennyson as his secret identity has been revealed to the world and he's now an international mega-star super hero, loved by kids the world over but distrusted by many adults. Armed with a mysterious new Omnitrix, Ben will see action in places he's never been.
1264	Ben 10: Omniverse	Ben 10: Omniverse	Action	none	Ben takes on new fiendish forms in BEN 10 OMNIVERSE, GALACTIC MONSTERS. Halloween is coming early to Bellwood, and to beat scary new villains like zombie clowns and evil vampires, Ben will have to take some monster alien forms of his own. Get to know two of them, Snare-oh and Blitzwolfer, in the Ben 10 Game Creator, and check out the monstrously remixed show opening here! Monsters, mummies and werewolves may be taking over, but Ben has defended the universe from the worst of the worst. Now it's hero time on Monster Planet!The spooky fun begins with "Something Zombozo This Way Comes," when Ben and Rook must stop Zombozo and the Circus Freaks from turning everyone in Bellwood into zombie clowns. Tune-in to Cartoon Network every Saturday morning to see who comes out of the shadows next!
1268	Endeavour	Endeavour	Crime	8.7	The early days of a young Endeavour Morse, whose experiences as a detective constable with the Oxford City Police will ultimately shape his future.
1268	Endeavour	Pilot	Crime	8.7	Marking the 25th anniversary of the very first episode of Inspector Morse, Shaun Evans steps in to John Thaw's shoes to play the younger version of Colin Dexter's iconic character. Set in 1965, the story follows the hunt for a missing schoolgirl which draws Endeavour Morse back to the place which will ultimately shape and define his destiny – Oxford. Deep in a full-blown murder investigation and led by Detective Inspector Fred Thursday, Endeavour finds himself side-lined, discredited and at a dead end.Will he risk it all in the hunt for a truth that could haunt him for the rest of his days?
1268	Endeavour	Girl	Crime	8.7	Burgled gas meters; the sudden death of a pretty young Secretarial student; and a string of Post Office robberies threaten to mask the solution to a pair of violent murders, as DC ENDEAVOUR MORSE and DI THURSDAY's newly forged relationship is tested to breaking point.Synopsis:When a young Secretarial student, MARGARET BELL, dies suddenly at home, ENDEAVOUR senses there is more to the case than the preliminary medical verdict of 'heart attack'. Now working out of Cowley Police station, ENDEAVOUR has unofficially assumed the role of 'bagman' to DI FRED THURSDAY.However, newly arrived Superintendent BRIGHT has other ideas, and when a respectable GP is found shot dead in a public lavatory, ENDEAVOUR's outlandish theories soon see him relegated to General Duties.Humiliated and humbled, Endeavour has to investigate from the sidelines. Through a puzzling haze of deceitand misdirection, involving an Oxford physicist who worked on the atomic bomb, and the fate of a vulnerable single mother, Endeavour is forced to question Thursday's orders and risk his career to avert a family tragedy.
1268	Endeavour	Fugue	Crime	8.7	A new kind of killer haunts the Oxford twilight, as, for Endeavour & Thursday, its dreaming spires give way to waking nightmare.Synopsis:An unknown menace stalks Oxford, strikingfear into the hearts of its citizens. At first glance, the killer appears to be just another deranged lunatic, striking at random, but Detective Constable ENDEAVOUR MORSE uncovers an underlying method to the madness. The elaborate staging of the crimes suggests the killer shares Endeavour's passion for opera...While Oxford City Police scramble to find the next potential victim, it seems that Endeavour has finally met his intellectual match. As the body count increases, letters containing cryptic clues, goading the police for their failures, are sent to the Oxford Mail. Only a detective of Endeavour's intellect can break them. An emotionally operatic epic, ‘FUGUE' combines the very best of the original Morse series ("Masonic Mysteries") with a dazzling resolution that will push Endeavour to fringes of his own sanity, as he is drawn into an elaborate scheme; in which he is destined to become an integral part.
1268	Endeavour	Rocket	Crime	8.7	A royal visit to a family owned munitions factory spells a red letter day for Oxford's finest.Unfortunately, the red letters in question spell M.U.R.D.E.R.SynopsisThe prospect of a visit to Oxford by HRH Princess Margaret, who is to unveil the British Imperial Electric Company's latest weapon of mass destruction the ‘Standfast' Mk II missile at a Cowley factory, has put a spring in the step of Chief Superintendent Bright.Endeavour, still languishing on General Duties, is excluded from the event. But no sooner has the ceremony drawn to a close than he finds himself deeply embroiled in the affairs of the factory and its owners, the darkly dysfunctional Broom family. For an unpopular worker, Percy Malleson, has been found murdered in a secluded area of the shopfloor. One of his Malleson's colleagues, Lenny Frost, falls suspect, there is bad blood between them resulting from industrial accident. Bright, under pressure from above, is eager for the case to be resolved as quickly and quietly as possible. But Endeavour, brought into the intoxicating orbit of Alice Vexin, who carries a torch for him from their student days, remains unconvinced this is such an open and shut case. Endeavour's dogged pursuit of justiceoffends both Bright and the factory's top brass; as he exhumes secrets that many would rather have remained long buried.
1268	Endeavour	Home	Crime	8.7	As the shadow of East End villainy falls upon Oxford, a hit and run accident claims the life of an eminent Classics Professor. Endeavour & Thursday must each face their past. Not allstories have a happy ending.SynopsisOxford lies in the grip of a bitter winter. Endeavour crams for his upcoming Sergeant's Exam, but a road traffic accident sets events in motion which will lead to the Moonlight Rooms nightclub and a blood reckoning. The hit and run victim is an Oxford professor who died at odds with his peers over the fate of Booth Hill, a potentially lucrative parcel of College owned land. The case is complicated by the appearance of Thursday's old gangland enemy, Vic Kasper, whose arrival in Oxford carries a direct threat to all Thursday holds dear. Endeavour is drawn back to Lincolnshire to visit his ailing father, leaving Thursday to face his demons alone. However, when a cigarette girl working at the Moonlight Rooms is found dead, Endeavour must choose between filial duty and the need to protect Thursday, whose righteous anger has led him into a dark and potentially fatal place..
1268	Endeavour	Trove	Crime	8.7	May 1966. DC Endeavour Morse returns to Oxford City Police after a four -month absence from duty. Reunited with DI Fred Thursday, still reeling from the final moments of Series 1, the young detective's involuntary furlough has left him wounded -­- in mind, more than body.Another dazzlingly complex mystery is set in motion during a Broad Street parade, celebrating the might of Britain's military accomplishments. The festivities, soured by a rash student stunt, are thrown into sharp relief when a John Doe plummets to his death from a nearby council building. A clutch of business cards bearing multiple identities suggest the death was more than just a routine suicide. Endeavour flexes his gumshoe muscles to uncover the corpse's identity -­- a solitary pursuit that builds to a trip to London with troubling consequences. Whilst a concerned Thursday looks on, the fractured pieces of the kaleidoscope mirror the young detective's state of mind, as he pullstwo seemingly unrelated cases into the fray -­- an anguished father searching for a missing daughter, and a smash-­-and-­-grab robbery of medieval artifacts at Oxford's Beaufort College. All strands coalesce around the victim's final message, scrawled on a motel notepad: D-­-DAY, FRIDAY, 98018. As Oxonians go to the polls in a closely fought by-­-election and a beauty contest builds to its conclusion, Endeavour must navigate the choppy waters of both worlds, as his investigation shakes the highest pillars of Oxford society. With the body count rising and his fierce intellect slowly drawing back into focus, the young detective risks all to bring thoseresponsible to justice. It is a decision that will send shockwaves across the course of the series.
1268	Endeavour	Nocturne	Crime	8.7	July 1966. World Cup fever grips the nation, as Argentina face off against England in the quarterfinals. In a sleepy corner of an Oxford museum, a septet of schoolgirls saunters through the worldly exhibits. But in a closed-­-off enclave, a blade slashes, blood sprays crimson and a man falls to his death... DC Endeavour Morse is one of the first on the scene in the killing of Adrian Weiss, an elderly gentleman with a specialism in heraldry and genealogy. His throat laid open, Weiss was slain by a katar -­- a ceremonial dagger with links to nineteenth century British India. The weapon will prove key to unlocking Weiss' final hours. The mystery propels Endeavour tothe Blythe Mount School for Girls; an establishment isolated in the summer months save for a skeleton staff and a handful of pupils. A funereal pall hanging over the school stokes the young detective's sense of dread. He returns home to find an instruction ('SAVE ME')slipped into his coat pocket. Endeavour digs into the building's troubled history, determining a connection between Weiss' untimely fateand a series of murders on the Blythe Mount grounds. Murders that transpired almost a hundred years ago to the day -­--­- and presentlyunsolved. Tensions teeter over a knife-­-edge when one of the seven girls disappears into the night, without trace or explanation.As the centenary of the murders loom and the malign presence within the school quickens its pace, with devastating consequences, Endeavour must retrace the hanging threads of Weiss' remaining research. Spectres from the past threaten to crash into the present and the bounds of the young detective's rational mind are tested.
1268	Endeavour	Sway	Crime	8.7	November 1966. Oxford's dreaming spires darken as Bonfire Night beckons. A housewife, Mrs Vivienne Haldane, found choked to death in her own home marks the third strangling in a month, setting Oxford City Police on edge. Pulled tight around the victim's throat -­--­- a silk black stocking. Though the victims bear little relation to one another beyond the superficial, DC Endeavour Morse bridges the divide: the three victims are married women, all of whom have been found shorn of their wedding rings. As a city-­-wide manhunt for a multiple murderer brews, Endeavour unearths a private diary kept hidden by Mrs Haldane, detailing periodic infidelities with an anonymous 'Mr X'. Her husband, a bloated mathematician, offers precious little information. But the specificity of the murderous stocking -­--­- a high-­-line brand, 'Le Minou Noir' -­--­- opens a new avenue of investigation. Endeavour traces the garment's provenance to Burridges, an innocuous department store, save for being the stocking's sole supplier across Oxford. As its denizens fall under suspicion, the investigation draws out painful memories for DI Fred Thursday, for whom a chance encounter with shopgirl Luisa Armstrong rouses reminiscences of wartime strife and unbidden promises. As the suspect list narrows, and the Oxford Strangler stalks his next victim with increasing desperation, other common strands begin to pull into focus. But Endeavour and Thursday, grappling with personal travails in their private lives, miss a deeper tragedy unfolding, not far beneath the surface.
1268	Endeavour	Neverland	Crime	8.7	December 1966. Change is in the air as winter's chill grips Oxford. Plans to build a new police station lead both DC Endeavour Morse and DI Fred Thursday to question their respective places on the force. A brace of cases occupy the young detective's time: a boy, Tommy Cork, reported missing from a broken home, and the body of a washed-­-up journalist, found on railroad tracks in mysterious circumstances. Thecadaver is that of Eric Patterson -­- a disreputable reporter last seen embroiled in an altercation with a high-­-ranking Council official. Theirtopic of conversation? Landesman Construction, a company with hasty plans to redevelop the site of a long-­-since shuttered boys' correctional facility, Blenheim Vale. When a petty criminal absconds from an open prison, also with a connection to Blenheim, it sets off achain reaction of troubling events, threatening to expose unspeakable horrors of the past. The investigation deepening, Endeavour and Thursday find themselves confronted by a cone of silence, and a disparate group of men unwilling to talk. Increasingly on the outs at a police force tainted with cronyism and corruption, the two men must band together, peeling back layers of malfeasance extending to the upper echelons of Oxford society. When it transpires Tommy Cork's disappearance is part and parcel of the same case -­- the boy possibly witness to an event others would kill to conceal -­- Endeavour and Thursday steel themselves for a reckoning in blood, as Series 2 builds to its hunderous, irrevocable conclusion.
1272	Foyle's War	Foyle's War	Drama	9.5	Post-WWII drama. Foyle, now working for British Intelligence, is drawn into the world of corrupt Nazi businessmen when a London university professor is found murdered.
1272	Foyle's War	The German Woman	Drama	9.5	The German wife of a rich and influential aristocrat exempted from wartime internment is found decapitated in the midst of anti-German feeling.
1272	Foyle's War	The White Feather	Drama	9.5	With the English army trapped in France and a German invasion imminent, a Nazi sympathizer is murdered during a pro-Facist meeting at a country hotel.
1272	Foyle's War	A Lesson In Murder	Drama	9.5	Foyle investigates the suicide of a pacifist and death threats to the judge who ruled against his conscientious objector status.
1272	Foyle's War	Eagle Day	Drama	9.5	Foyle investigates a man found with a knife in his stomach in a bombed out building while son Andrew gets involved in a top secret radar program.
1272	Foyle's War	Fifty Ships	Drama	9.5	After Foyle is a guest at a friend's home at a dinner for an important American diplomat, a suicide victim and German agent both are discovered near the house.
1272	Foyle's War	Among The Few	Drama	9.5	Sam volunteers to go undercover to discover how rationed gasoline is being stolen from a fuel depot, and Andrew becomes a suspect in a murder case.
1272	Foyle's War	War Games	Drama	9.5	When a British food corporation signs a secret agreement with the Nazis to provide essential food services to the enemy during wartime, murders result.
1272	Foyle's War	The Funk Hole	Drama	9.5	Foyle's investigation of the death of a young black marketeer and stolen food is interrupted by his suspension on charges of sedition.
1272	Foyle's War	The French Drop	Drama	9.5	February 1941: Foyle again pursues a position that would allow him to contribute more to the war effort. But a local murder investigation sidetracks this endeavor as Foyle finds himself caught between rival spy organizations.
1272	Foyle's War	Enemy Fire	Drama	9.5	February 1941: When a local manor house is commandeered for use as a special burn unit for treating injured RAF pilots, Foyle is called in to investigate a series of strange accidents.
1272	Foyle's War	They Fought in the Fields	Drama	9.5	April 1941: Foyle questions three Land Army girls about a murder that occurs on a Hastings farm.
1272	Foyle's War	War of Nerves	Drama	9.5	A.C. Rose orders Foyle to delegate his investigation of black marketing ring and personally look into the possibly seditious acts of a Socialist activist.
1272	Foyle's War	Invasion	Drama	9.5	American troops arrive in Britain and the Corps of Engineers building an airstrip on a Hastings farm is met with resentment.
1272	Foyle's War	Bad Blood	Drama	9.5	Foyle investigates the a mysterious disease affecting local farm animals and looks into the arrest of a pacifist accused of stabbing a war hero.
1272	Foyle's War	Bleak Midwinter	Drama	9.5	The apparently accidental death of a young woman in a munitions factory becomes linked with the murder of Milner's estranged wife as he falls under suspicion.
1272	Foyle's War	Casualties OF War	Drama	9.5	Foyle has his hands full dealing with illegal gambling, sabotage, and his needy goddaughter who shows up on his doorstep with her traumatized son.
1272	Foyle's War	Plan of Attack	Drama	9.5	Milner is unhappy with his new DCS and has asked for a transfer, but after he is murdered, Foyle comes out of retirement to replace him.
1272	Foyle's War	Broken Souls	Drama	9.5	Foyles hones in on two murders: an unpopular psychiatrist in a trauma facility and a low security German POW on work release to a local farm.
1272	Foyle's War	All Clear	Drama	9.5	Foyle joins a municipal committee that's preparing for the now imminent V-E Day celebration but soon finds himself investigating the deaths of two of its members.
1272	Foyle's War	The Russian House	Drama	9.5	It's June 1945 and Detective Chief Superintendent Foyle is still on duty as they are unable to find a replacement for him. He's approached by Brigadier Timothy Wilson, his former commanding officer from his own military service in World War I, who is looking for a Russian POW, Ivan Spiakov, who has escaped and is believed to have been seen in the Hastings area.
1272	Foyle's War	Killing Time	Drama	9.5	The disappearance of a Foreign Office official appears to explain the deaths of a number of Russian agents working for British Intelligence.
1272	Foyle's War	The Hide	Drama	9.5	Foyle battles to save a young man accused of high treason from the executioner's noose in a case that will shatter his personal world to the core.
1282	Prime Suspect	Prime Suspect	Drama	9.3	This tense, uncompromising drama starring the Oscar®-winning actress Helen Mirren and from the distinguished dramatist and novelist Lynda La Plante, has been critically acclaimed on both sides of the Atlantic and has won a total of 14 international awards including BAFTAs for 'Drama Serial' and 'TV Actress'.
1288	The Deep End	The Deep End	Drama	none	Sterling Law is one of L.A.'s most prestigious law firms. Each year it recruits four new young lawyers from the finest law schools worldwide. It will nurture, guide and shape these recruits into the best damned lawyers they can possibly be or else. This year the lucky four are Dylan, a blue collar kid made-good; Addy, a sweet mid-Westerner with a lethal legal mind; Beth, a brilliant Brentwood babe; and Liam, an Australian with serious drive. Sterling Law is under the control of ruthless senior partner Cliff Huddle, aka "The Prince of Darkness." But when legendary partner Hart Sterling returns to the firm after a long hiatus caring for his dying wife, he's ready to shake things up. The only way for these first years to survive being caught in the middle of this major power struggle is to support each other, even as they compete against one another in the cutthroat arena of corporate law. They discover unlikely allies in their mercurial recruiter Rowdy and litigating whirlwind Susan, who is Cliff's icy, but talented wife. Dylan also manages to make a deeper connection with an ace paralegal named Addy, but every alliance at Sterling is complicated. Addy is drawn to Dylan, but it seems she hasn't quite broken off her affair with Cliff.
1294	The Wonder Years	The Wonder Years	Drama	8.0	Set in 1968-1973, the series tackles the social issues and historic events of that time through the eyes of main character Kevin Arnold. Kevin also deals with typical teenage social issues, including those prompted by his main love interest, Winnie Cooper, as well as typical family troubles. The story is narrated by an older, wiser Kevin, describing what is happening and what he learned from his experiences in an alternately nostalgic and ironic tone.
1297	Every Witch Way	Every Witch Way	Comedy	10.0	Every Witch Way follows 14-year-old Emma Alonso, as she moves to Miami and her ordinary life is turned upside-down when she discovers that she is a witch. Luckily Emma quickly finds a friend in tomboy Andi but when Emma develops a crush on the boy next door, Daniel, she also has to deal with his Queen Bee ex-girlfriend Maddie, a girl who has her own magical family secret. Just as Emma's new found witch skills start to materialise, she also has to negotiate the halls of Iridium High. Maddie and her clique The Panthers run the school and the boys on the swim team, the Sharks, are always up to something to win or impress a girl. Plus there's no chance of getting away with any social blunders as Miss Information, the school gossip, documents everything on her blog read by the entire school.
1297	Every Witch Way	A World Without You	Comedy	10.0	Emma's decision to pick Jax triggers an unusual break, and now Emma is the only person who can remember Daniel.
1297	Every Witch Way	Road Trippin'	Comedy	10.0	When a magical private investigator gets a lead on Daniel's location, the gang takes a road trip to the Everglades to find him.
1297	Every Witch Way	Ever In The Everglades	Comedy	10.0	Emma finally locates Daniel and tries to get him to remember their life together; the gang tours the Everglades in an airboat.
1297	Every Witch Way	Stuck In A Storm	Comedy	10.0	When Katie, Sophie and Gigi are lost in the Everglades as a big storm approaches, an unexpected visitor turns up to rescue them.
1297	Every Witch Way	A Tale Of Two Lives	Comedy	10.0	When Emma triggers another Continuum break, Daniel and all of his family members are put in grave danger.
1297	Every Witch Way	Twisted Sister	Comedy	10.0	With time running out, Emma tries her best to restore Daniel's memory; Jax meets his long lost sister.
1297	Every Witch Way	Lunch At Lola's	Comedy	10.0	The gang travels to a restaurant in Miami called Lola's; the group has a magical encounter with Talia.
1297	Every Witch Way	Monkey Face Emoji	Comedy	10.0	Daniel believes that Maddie is his girlfriend; Jax begins searching for information about his mother.
1297	Every Witch Way	The Final Countdown	Comedy	10.0	Jax learns the truth about his family; Emma does everything she can to restore Daniel's memory in the few hours that he has left.
1297	Every Witch Way	Diego's Wipedown	Comedy	10.0	After the Continuum break ends, Emma works hard to restore her relationship with Jax; Maddie tries to get Diego to forgive her.
1297	Every Witch Way	Van Pelt Reunion	Comedy	10.0	Emma misses her mother and becomes consumed with finding out more about her; an unwelcome guest appears at the Van Pelt reunion.
1297	Every Witch Way	Back To Square One	Comedy	10.0	Emma considers going back in time to save her mother; Daniel wants to return to the Everglades; Jake and Jessie go into hiding.
1297	Every Witch Way	Power In A Bottle	Comedy	10.0	Jax discovers where Jake and Jessie are hiding; Emma continues to abuse her magic and strips the Council of its powers.
1297	Every Witch Way	What If?	Comedy	10.0	Emma's search for a time manipulation spell causes a huge rift between her and Andi; Diego searches for more Kanays.
1297	Every Witch Way	Frenemies	Comedy	10.0	Emma works to become more powerful even though she is alienating all of her friends; Jake attempts to see his family again.
1297	Every Witch Way	Stop Emma	Comedy	10.0	Emma's friends decide that they must do something to stop her for good; Jake has surprising information for Jax.
1297	Every Witch Way	Mommie Dearest	Comedy	10.0	The group decides to stage a ``witchervention'' for Emma; Jax finally learns the truth about his family.
1302	Millennium	Millennium	Crime	8.8	Retired serial-profiler Frank Black has moved his family to Seattle to escape the violence and horror he dealt with while working for the FBI in Washington, D.C. Although his uncanny and often unsettling ability to see into the twisted minds of serial killers has caused him much inner torment, Black knows his "gift" can still be used to help protect and save others. For that reason he has joined the mysterious Millennium Group, a team of underground ex-law enforcement experts dedicated to fighting against the ever-growing forces of evil and darkness in the world.
1305	The Adventures of Brisco County, Jr.	The Adventures of Brisco County, Jr.	Action	8.0	A bounty hunter rides the Old West, fighting bad guys, many with futuristic-type gadgets.
1306	Adventures of Superman	Adventures of Superman	Drama	10.0	"Adventures of Superman" (originally known as "The Adventures of Superman") is an American syndicated children's television series based on comic book characters and concepts created in 1938 by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster. The series saw six seasons and one-hundred-four half-hour episodes. Sponsored by cereal manufacturer Kellogg's, the show's initial and final air dates are sometimes disputed but generally accepted as September 19, 1952 to April 28, 1958. The show's first two seasons were filmed in black-and-white while seasons four through six were filmed in color, though broadcast monochromatically. Adventures of Superman was the first television series to feature Superman though the superhero had appeared as a character in a radio program starring Bud Collyer, two theatrical serials starring Kirk Alyn and Noel Neill, and a series of Max Fleischer cartoons. The television series began filming in 1951 in Culver City, California with exterior locations filmed in and around the Los Angeles area and the San Fernando Valley. Episodes follow Superman as he battles gangsters, thugs, mad scientists, meteors and malfunctioning radioactive machines in the city of Metropolis. In the first episode, his origin on the planet Krypton and his arrival on Earth are dramatized while in succeeding episodes, he conceals his identity by posing as mild mannered Daily Planet reporter Clark Kent who, in times of crisis, scoots to a broom closet, sheds his civvies, and reappears in superhero tights and trunks to rescue hapless folk from the clutches of ne'er-do-wells. In the last seasons, the kindly but absent-minded Professor Pepperwinkle creates problems for Superman with his bizarre inventions. Adventures of Superman won no major awards but was popular with its audience and remains popular today. Its opening theme, The Superman March, has become a classic of its kind and is instantly recognizable by most television buffs. Since the show's cancellation, several of its stars have participated in Superman-related conventions, autograph signings, and other events. In 2003, Noel Neill published her memoirs Truth, Justice, and The American Way: The Life and Times of Noel Neill. In 2006, the death of George Reeves was dramatized in the film Hollywoodland with Ben Affleck starring in the role of Reeves. In 2006, the series became available in its entirety on DVD and reruns of the show still hold a place on television progamming schedules.
1310	Boston Med	Boston Med	Drama	none	king up where "Hopkins" left off, "Boston Med" travels to a city renowned for medical excellence and home to three superb American hospitals, Massachusetts General Hospital, Brigham and Women's Hospital, and Children's Hospital. Over four months, ABC cameras had unparalleled access to hospital staffs and patients. From operating rooms to end-of-life meetings, "Boston Med" explores the culture of doctors and nurses and the conversations that happen outside the patient's earshot. This unsparing look at the ups and downs of hospital care holds many surprises for viewers.
1314	Cold Justice	Cold Justice	Crime	9.5	Kelly Siegler, a Texas prosecutor for 21 years who has successfully tried 68 murder cases, and Yolanda McClary, a crime scene investigator who worked more than 7,000 cases in her 26 years on the Las Vegas Police Department, are putting their vast knowledge and experience to work helping local law-enforcement officers and families of violent-crime victims get to the truth. With a fresh set of eyes on old evidence, superior interrogation skills and access to advanced DNA technology and lab testing, Siegler and McClary are determined to bring about a legal and emotional resolution. Taking on a different unsolved crime each week, they will carefully re-examine evidence, question suspects and witnesses, and chase down leads in order to solve cases that would have otherwise remained cold indefinitely.
1314	Cold Justice	Small Town Suicide? (Cuero, TX)	Crime	9.5	In the premiere episode, Siegler and McClary head to Cuero, Texas, to search for new clues that may point to murder in a 2001 death of a woman that had been previously ruled a suicide.
1314	Cold Justice	Mother (Morehouse Parish, LA)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary travel to Morehouse Parish, La., as they look to reopen a 2006 cold case and hope to discover new clues that help solve the murder of an active church member in the community.
1314	Cold Justice	Home Town Hero (Palacios, TX)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary head to Palacios, Texas, to look for new clues in the 1982 murder of a successful agricultural business owner.
1314	Cold Justice	Hit and Run (Globe, AZ)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary travel to Globe, Ariz., to search for clues about an apparent 1988 hit-and-run that may have been the result of a teenage dispute.
1314	Cold Justice	Hiding in Plain Sight (Dickson County, TN)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary head to Dickson County, Tenn., to look for new clues that may help solve the 1998 murder of a likeable grocery story owner.
1314	Cold Justice	Small Town Tragedy (Thatcher, AZ)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary go to Thatcher, Ariz., to look for clues that may lead to resolution in the 1995 murder of a mother of two young children.
1314	Cold Justice	Hatchet (Sandusky County, OH)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary travel to Sandusky County, Ohio, to search for new information that may help solve the 1988 murder of a 49-year-old mother of six, who was killed with a hatchet.
1314	Cold Justice	Blind Love (Gaines County, TX)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary head to Gaines County, Texas, to search for new clues to help solve the 2008 murder of well-liked feed plant worker.
1314	Cold Justice	Gone (Altus, OK)	Crime	9.5	In the season two opener, Siegler and McClary head to Atlus, Okla., to search for new clues in the 2001 disappearance of a mother of two that may help determine whether this missing persons case was a murder.
1314	Cold Justice	A Monster Among Us (Camp Hill, AL)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary head to Camp Hill, Ala., to search for new clues that may help solve the 2005 murder of a beloved member of the community.
1314	Cold Justice	High School Sweethearts (La Porte, TX)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary travel to LaPorte, Tex., to look for new clues in the 2007 double murder of a married couple.
1314	Cold Justice	First Love (Cottonwood, AZ)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary head to Cottonwood, Ariz., to search for new clues that may help solve a teenager's 1997 murder.
1314	Cold Justice	He Said, He Said (Vigo County, IN)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary travel to Vigo, Ind. to look for new clues that may help solve the 1998 murder of a 19-year-old girl.
1314	Cold Justice	Ambush (Malvern, AR)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary head to Malvern, Ark., to try and help solve a 2002 double murder.
1314	Cold Justice	Single Working Mom (Gallatin, TN)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary travel to Gallatin, Tenn., to look for new clues that may solve the 2010 murder of a single mom.
1314	Cold Justice	Billy Goat Hill (Chattanooga, TN)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary head to Chattanooga, Tenn., to try and help solve the 1997 murder of a mother of two.
1314	Cold Justice	Lady in the Box (Aurora, CO)	Crime	9.5	Siegler and McClary head to Aurora, Colo. in this episode.
1314	Cold Justice	Copper Dollar Ranch (Jasper, IA)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary head to Jasper County, Iowa, to look for new clues that may help solve the 1983 double murder of two young adults.
1314	Cold Justice	Stranded (Bay City, TX)	Crime	9.5	In the summer premiere, Siegler and McClary head to Bay City, Tex., to search for new clues in the case of a single mother who was killed in 1988 after a night out at a club.
1314	Cold Justice	Death by Design? (Waller County, TX)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary go to Waller County, Tex., to help figure out if an up-and-coming fashion designer who went missing in 1986 was taken by an unknown killer or by someone closer to home.
1314	Cold Justice	Kirby's Speed Shop (Columbus, GA)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary head to Columbus, Ga., to look at evidence that may help them find out who could have double crossed a popular car mechanic found shot to death in his shop.
1314	Cold Justice	Justice Served (Los Angeles, CA)	Crime	9.5	In this special episode of the series, John Walsh interviews the Cold Justice investigative team, who gives behind the scenes insights into the investigations and provides updates on past cases.
1314	Cold Justice	Sunspot Highway (Alamogordo, NM)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary go to Alamogordo, N.M., when investigators find a discarded body along a remote mountain road. They must race to determine who in the woman's life could have committed the heinous crime. The team also calls upon Nancy Grace to help get the word out to the public.
1314	Cold Justice	Other Side of the Tracks (Cambridge, OH)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary head to Cambridge, Ohio to seek out the person responsible for the tragic demise of a pregnant teenager after remains are found by a lake.
1314	Cold Justice	Second Thoughts (Paulding, OH)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Siegler and McClary go to Paulding, Ohio to look for answers in the grisly murder of a single mother who was found bludgeoned to death.
1314	Cold Justice	Fool Me Once, Fool Me Twice? (Vigo County, IN)	Crime	9.5	. In this episode, Siegler and McClary head to Vigo County, Ind., where a woman was found dead in a bathtub full of water with a clock radio in the tub. It's up to the team to determine if it was an accident or if she met with a more sinister fate.
1314	Cold Justice	Still of the Night (Pocatello, ID)	Crime	9.5	In the season three premiere, Siegler and McClary head to Pocatello, Id., to search for clues and suspects including one who may be a repeat offender.
1314	Cold Justice	Miss Congeniality (Yakima County, WA)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Kelly and Yolanda head to Yakima County, Wash., and are faced with the difficult task of finding a killer who seemed to disappear under the dark cover of night.
1314	Cold Justice	Burned (Fairview Park, OH)	Crime	9.5	In 2007, an upbeat, free-spirited 67-year-old grandmother was found burned to death in her home. It's now up to Kelly and Yolanda to head to Fairview Park, Ohio, to determine how the fire was started and who was responsible.
1314	Cold Justice	Mother Daughter Tragedy (Fort Wayne, IN)	Crime	9.5	In 1993, a 29-year-old mother and her six-year-old daughter were found strangled to death in their home. In this episode, Kelly and Yolanda head to Fort Wayne, Ind., and put all of their efforts into seeking out the person responsible for this tragic and heartbreaking double murder.
1314	Cold Justice	Operator, Hurry! (St. Johns County, FL)	Crime	9.5	A short time after a mysterious call is made to the operator in 1981, a woman is found by her teenage daughter, brutally stabbed to death in their home. In this episode, Kelly and Yolanda head to St. Johns County, Fl., and are tasked with finding the killer of an innocent woman who appeared to have it all.
1314	Cold Justice	The Record Keeper (Bridgeport, WV)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Kelly and Yolanda go to Bridgeport, W.V., to work on their first case in which the victim might actually be the investigation's very best witness, since his daily diary might just help solve the crime.
1314	Cold Justice	Little League Dad (Arlington, TX)	Crime	9.5	When a Little League coach from Arlington, Texas, is bludgeoned to death in his own be d, Kelly and Yolanda must figure out who would possibly want to kill such a beloved figure in the community.
1314	Cold Justice	American Dream (Fort Myers, FL)	Crime	9.5	In this episode, Kelly and Yolanda head to Fort Myers, Fla., to face the challenge of navigating through different languages and cultural traditions as they try to figure out what really happened to her.
1314	Cold Justice	The Alley (Hialeah, FL)	Crime	9.5	After a well-liked young man is found murdered and dumped in a Hialeah alleyway, Kelly and Yolanda must piece together an intricate puzzle, to find out who is guilty of this savage killing.
1314	Cold Justice	Devoted (Okaloosa, FL)	Crime	9.5	A vivacious mother of two mysteriously vanishes from beautiful Fort Walton Beach, FL. Just three days later, several people receive a cryptic group text from her but never hear from her again, tasking the 'Cold Justice' team with putting together the clues she left behind before she vanished.
1314	Cold Justice	Lying in Wait (Greenville, OH)	Crime	9.5	Kelly and Yolanda look for answers in the grisly double homicide of a middle-aged man and woman, both of whom were found shot dead in cold blood inside the man's home in Greenville, Ohio.
1314	Cold Justice	Trip to Nowhere (Hernando County, FL)	Crime	9.5	When a daughter returns home from school to find her mother gone without explanation in 1981, the team must sift through clues that are now decades old, making this the oldest missing person's case the team has yet to face.
1314	Cold Justice	Beloved Doctor (Paducah, KY)	Crime	9.5	After a respected doctor in the community is brutally murdered and set on fire in his kitchen, the team must wade through the ashes of the tragic aftermath to try to bring his family justice.
1314	Cold Justice	Smoking Gun (Cleveland, TN)	Crime	9.5	When a bright-eyed college student is killed in his sleepy hometown of Cleveland, TN, the team must sort through his private past in order to find his killer.
1314	Cold Justice	The Good Life (West Palm Beach, FL)	Crime	9.5	The media went into a frenzy when a beautiful former dancer was cornered and shot in her West Palm Beach apartment, turning a baffling high-profile case into the next challenge for the Cold Justice team to try and tackle.
1314	Cold Justice	Off the Beaten Path (Spartanburg, SC)	Crime	9.5	The team make their way to some remote parts of Spartanburg County to investigate a case.
1314	Cold Justice	Room #10 (Fort Myers, FL)	Crime	9.5	The team returns to Fort Myers, Fla., to investigate the 22-year-old case of a woman who was shot in the head and dumped behind a community center.
1314	Cold Justice	The Escape? (Oregon County, MO)	Crime	9.5	Real-life crime series Cold Justice follows former prosecutor Kelly Siegler and former crime-scene investigator Yolanda McClary as they dig into small-town murder cases that have lingered for years without answers or justice. In this episode, Siegler and Detective Steve Spingola head to Oregon County, Mo., to look into a case where a young mother caught in an abusive relationship contemplates leaving her town behind. When she then disappears, it leaves the Cold Justice team to wonder if this was murder or if she was forced to run for her life.
1314	Cold Justice	Up in Flames (Johnson County, IA)	Crime	9.5	Real-life crime series Cold Justice follows former prosecutor Kelly Siegler and former crime-scene investigator Yolanda McClary as they dig into small-town murder cases that have lingered for years without answers or justice. In this episode, the Cold Justice team goes to Iowa to work with the Johnson County Sheriffs Office on the 1995 case of a mother and gifted artist who was found dead in her car after a huge explosion.
1314	Cold Justice	Trajectory (Taylor County, WV)	Crime	9.5	Real-life crime series Cold Justice follows former prosecutor Kelly Siegler and former crime-scene investigator Yolanda McClary as they dig into small-town murder cases that have lingered for years without answers or justice. In this episode, the Cold Justice team is back in small town America where they hope to uncover the truths behind a mysterious death of a young man that occurred just a few years ago. Kelly, Yolanda, and Detective Orlando Martinez will be working with state police and firearm experts from across the country to try and get to the bottom of what really happened.
1314	Cold Justice	Justice Served (Los Angeles, CA)	Crime	9.5	John Walsh interviews the investigative team, which provides insights into the investigations and gives updates on past cases.
1314	Cold Justice	In the Neighborhood, Part 1 (White Settlement, TX)	Crime	9.5	Kelly and Yolanda look into a couple of Texas murder cases at the same time.
1314	Cold Justice	In the Neighborhood, Part 2 (White Settlement, TX)	Crime	9.5	Real-life crime series Cold Justice follows former prosecutor Kelly Siegler and former crime-scene investigator Yolanda McClary as they dig into small-town murder cases that have lingered for years without answers or justice. In this two-part episode, the Cold Justice team heads to White Settlement, Texas, to investigate two different murder cases at the same time. A 1992 sexual assault and murder of a woman who was stabbed to death in her home and a double homicide of two young men whose throats were slashed. Both crimes happened within months of each other and in the same greater neighborhood leaving local law enforcement with three unsolved murders. The team will have to determine if these two cases are potentially connected.
1316	Conviction	Conviction	Drama	9.0	This newest legal drama series from Emmy Award winner Dick Wolf ("Law & Order"-brand series) is a fast-paced, character-oriented story focusing on young assistant district attorneys in New York who handle tough, high-profile cases that challenge their experience. Nick Potter (Jordan Bridges) leaves a cushy private firm to join the chaos of the New York District Attorney's office, headed by new bureau chief Alexandra Cabot (Stephanie March, reprising her role from "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit"). Their current assignments include prosecuting a drug dealer, while newbie Sara Finn (Julianne Nicholson) frets when she loses key evidence in her own case. But the Assistant D.A.s are shocked when a member of their team is gunned down -- and one of their own might be responsible.
1316	Conviction	Pilot	Drama	9.0	Nick Potter leaves a cushy private firm to join the chaos of the New York District Attorney's office, headed by new bureau chief Alexandra Cabot. Their current assignments include prosecuting a drug dealer, while newbie Sara Finn frets when she loses key evidence in her own case. But the Assistant D.A.s are shocked when a member of their team is gunned down -- and one of their own might be responsible.
1316	Conviction	Denial	Drama	9.0	Deputy District Attorney Steele is forced to prosecute Evan, a 14-year-old boy who murdered his big brother with a baseball bat, as an adult crime -- but the teenager's pushy father takes a hard-line stance in court that could cost his only living son dearly. Meanwhile, Assistant DA Peluso investigates a promising high school athlete Rashard, arrested for a hate crime against a gay man who was blackmailing him. Rossi tries to babysit an addicted prostitute to testify in her own rape trial. Also, a jealous Steele checks on Rossi's romantic activities; Finn preps for a blind date and Peluso tries to help out a loan shark to whom he's in debt.
1316	Conviction	Breakup	Drama	9.0	Potter goes to a birthday party and when his friend takes out cocaine he leaves, but his friend is arrested later that evening. He seeks help from Potter, who turns the case over to Desmond without filling him in on the details of the night. Cabot is on an anti drug campaign, and Peluso has to prosecute a grandmother for heroin possession, when it was her grandson who was selling the drugs.
1316	Conviction	Indebted	Drama	9.0	Nick Potter goes on a ride along with two ghetto cops, landing Potter in a meeting with Internal Affairs; Jessica Rossi prosecutes a wife beater, while wrestling with the same problem at home, when her mother tells her she's leaving her father for being abusive, and Christina Finn gets caught up in a case with a spoiled diplomat's son and a strip club.
1316	Conviction	Savasana	Drama	9.0	Against direct orders from his boss, Potter does not settle a case but wins the case anyway; Desmond continues his undefeated winning streak at work and has a one night stand with a woman who works at the courthouse, and Steele cancels a date with Rossi and gets intimate with Cabot, right before she makes a stunning announcement.
1316	Conviction	Madness	Drama	9.0	Brian Peluso gets pressure from his recently reunited girlfriend; Christina Finn, who is light on case work, is loaned out to a hard-driving, nasty prosecutor; Alexandra Cabot feels the pressure to hire an image consultant; Nick Potter fills in for Desmond on a bail reduction case that has tragic consequences, and Jessica Rossi finds herself in the middle of a family battle when prosecuting a deaf girl's boyfriend for stabbing the girl's father.
1316	Conviction	True Love	Drama	9.0	Brian Peluso gets ready to move in with his girlfriend until he learns of her infidelity; Jessica Rossi's uncertain case involves a model who claims she was beaten and raped by a high-profile professional; Jim Steele's case involves a gay couple who recently broke up and the "suicide" of one is questioned when his former partner is charged with murder and Christina Finn meets a hot doctor when he becomes her star witness for a case.
1316	Conviction	Downhill	Drama	9.0	ADA Jessica Rossi is close to getting a conviction on a rape case until Bureau Chief Alexandra Cabot steals away her defendant for her own insurance fraud prosecution; while ADA Billy Desmond decides to network with an exclusive group of upwardly mobile black men, but the high powered connections come with a price, and his colleague Christina Finn gets caught in a landlord/tenant lawsuit.
1316	Conviction	The Wall	Drama	9.0	ADA Brian Peluso faces a "wall of blue" when prosecuting a cop-shooter; Christina Finn and her colleague ADA Nick Potter have been summoned to Bureau Chief Alexandra Cabot's office where she sends them to acting class to improve their court appearance, and ADA Jessica Rossi has to contend with her dysfunctional family.
1316	Conviction	Deliverance	Drama	9.0	A respected female attorney kills her husband, and goes head-to-head against Jim Steele when she decides to defend herself in the courtroom.
1316	Conviction	Indiscretion	Drama	9.0	Jim Steele tries to prosecute a rape case but the plaintiff's father stands in the way. A.D.A. Potter takes over an easy drug case from colleague Rossi but bungles it badly; A.D.A. Desmond has to deal with an Upper West Side couple and a wacky fortune teller; Bureau Chief Cabot has an elegant engagement party.
1316	Conviction	180.80 (Part 1)	Drama	9.0	The bouncer at the bar is the prime suspect in the case; while a wild shoot-out in the courthouse finds members of the ADA office in a tense and emotional hostage situation.
1316	Conviction	Hostage (Part 2)	Drama	9.0	The bouncer at the bar is the prime suspect in the case; while a wild shoot-out in the courthouse finds members of the ADA office in a tense and emotional hostage situation.
1323	Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman	Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman	Action	6.5	A sleek, sexy, Emmy-nominated 1990s take on the enduring superhero, culled from DC Comics, which has spawned numerous successful film and TV versions of him as boy and man. All of which further demonstrated that while Kryptonite can kill the Man of Steel, changing times can't. Here, leads Dean Cain and Teri Hatcher have the looks and the chemistry, and the timeless question (seriously, how can Lois NOT know Clark is Superman?) plays itself out until they find true love.
1331	Standoff	Standoff	Drama	9.0	STANDOFF centers on Matt Flannery and Emily Lehman, top-ranked FBI crisis negotiators who are forced to come clean about their secret relationship after it is revealed during a tense hostage standoff that they are sleeping together. Too valuable as a team to be split up, they are now under the watchful eye of their boss and their colleagues. STANDOFF combines the crackling romantic relationship at its core with intense drama and humor as these negotiators vow not to cross the line and let their personal feelings get in the way of the job. But they learn quickly that, in life and in love, everything is a negotiation.
1335	Vikings	Vikings	Drama	8.0	Neil Oliver goes in search of the truth about the Vikings beyond their violent reputation.
1336	Whodunnit?	Whodunnit?	Drama	none	Actors play victims, suspects and investigators in a staged mystery, during which three contestants and a panel of experts gather clues to identify the murderer.
1341	Wonder Woman	Wonder Woman	Action	none	A colorful spin on Charles Moulton's comic about the Amazon goddess battling evil during World War II and later, in more recent times, against new enemies. The change came after the series jumped from ABC to CBS, with the heroine joining a covert military agency. Wonder Woman began as two TV-movies (the first in 1974 with Cathy Lee Crosby) and several specials before finding a regular prime-time home in late 1976. Debra Winger appeared occasionally as Drusilla, Wonder Woman's kid sister.
1349	iMPACT Wrestling	iMPACT Wrestling	Drama	1.0	Originally known as "TNA iMPACT!" now known as "iMPACT Wrestling" is 2 hours of fast paced, innovative, usually high flying, sometimes brutal pro-wrestling. Featuring a mix of stars you know and love and new, up and coming talent, it'll blow away the cobwebs and leave you wanting more.
1349	iMPACT Wrestling	Bell to Bell	Drama	1.0	Ethan Carter the 3rd Goes for Kurt Angel's Heavyweight Championship Gold.
1349	iMPACT Wrestling	The Reign of Carter	Drama	1.0	New TNA World Champion EC3 promises to defend his title 3 times in one night. Dixie Carter returns to Impact. Part 2 of the Jeff Jarrett interview. Velvet Sky vs Madison Rayne. Robbie E vs Jessie Goderz in a Streetfight.
1349	iMPACT Wrestling	Carter vs. Carter	Drama	1.0	Who will Dixie Carter reveal as "The Law" in Impact Wrestling? Plus, all TNA Titles will be defended in this episode.
1349	iMPACT Wrestling	Matt Hardy vs. Bobby Roode	Drama	1.0	Matt Hardy vs Bobby Roode; Bram vs Magnus; James Storm reveals his new partner; Eric Young vs Rockstar Spud.
1349	iMPACT Wrestling	The 2015 TNA Hall of Fame	Drama	1.0	The 2015 TNA Hall of Fame; Magnus and Mickie James battle James Storm and Serena; Jeff Hardy returns. Brooke vs Marti for the TNA Knockouts Title.
1349	iMPACT Wrestling	No Surrender EC3 battles Matt Hardy for the TNA Title in Full Metal Mayhem	Drama	1.0	No Surrender EC3 battles Matt Hardy for the TNA Title in Full Metal Mayhem. Bram vs Mr. Anderson. Gail Kim vs The Dollhouse. Austin Aries vs Rockstar Spud.
1349	iMPACT Wrestling	Worlds Collide: TNA v. GFW	Drama	1.0	Jeff Jarrett is in control for the night; the main event is a King of the Mountain title match; Awesome Kong vs. Lei D Tapa; EC3 celebrates his TNA World Title victory; ``The Destroyer'' Lashley vs. Jessie Godderz.
1349	iMPACT Wrestling	Turning Point	Drama	1.0	EC3 defends his title against PJ Black; Mr. Anderson battles Bram in an ``Open Mic Challenge''; Gail Kim faces Marti and Jade of The Dollhouse in `6 Sides of Steel'; Drew Galloway vs. Eli Drake in a No DQ match.
1349	iMPACT Wrestling	Ring Leader Roulette	Drama	1.0	Jeff Hardy returns to IMPACT WRESTLING! Mr. Anderson vs James Storm vs Lashley vs Bobby Roode in a #1 Contender's Match for the KOTM Title. Will Dixie Carter appoint Jeff Jarrett to be the man in charge of IMPACT?
1349	iMPACT Wrestling	Ethan Carter III defends the TNA World Title against Matt Hardy	Drama	1.0	Ethan Carter III defends the TNA World Title against Matt Hardy, with Jeff Hardy in his corner. Jeff Jarrett begins his hostile corporate takeover. PJ Black defends the King of the Mountain Title against Bobby Roode. Velvet Sky calls out The Dollhouse.
1349	iMPACT Wrestling	Lethal Lockdown: Winner Takes TNA	Drama	1.0	"LETHAL LOCKDOWN" Team TNA battles Team GFW in "Lethal Lockdown" for complete control of TNA. Particpants include Lashley, Jeff Jarrett, Drew Galloway, and Eric Young. The Knockouts Title is on the line.
1349	iMPACT Wrestling	EC3 vs. Rockstar Spud for the TNA World Title	Drama	1.0	EC3, with Jeff Hardy as his personal assistant, defends the TNA World Title against Rockstar Spud. The main event of "Bound For Glory" is determined in a 5 Way Elimination Match. Gail Kim vs Jade for the Knockouts Title.
1355	Empire	Empire	Drama	7.6	From Academy Award nominee Lee Daniels ("Lee Daniels' The Butler," "Precious"), Emmy Award winner Danny Strong ("Game Change," "Lee Daniels' The Butler") and Academy Award- and Emmy Award-winning producer Brian Grazer ("A Beautiful Mind," "24"), comes a drama about a family dynasty, set within a world of music, glamour, danger and power. Featuring music by prolific producer Timbaland, the series stars Academy Award nominee Terrence Howard ("Crash," "Hustle & Flow") and Academy Award and Emmy Award nominee Taraji P. Henson ("No Good Deed," "Person of Interest").
1355	Empire	Pilot	Drama	7.6	Is a powerful new drama that follows Lucious Lyon, the head of a music empire whose reign has been unchallenged for years. But all that changes when he learns he has a disease and must choose one of his three sons to take over: Andre, Jamal or Hakeem. Complicating matters is their mother and Lucious' ex-wife, Cookie, who emerges from prison to claim her share.
1355	Empire	The Outspoken King	Drama	7.6	Lucious must defend Empire's IPO launch after controversies arise around one of his artists being involved in a shooting, and Cookie proves to be invaluable by helping Lucious turn a crisis into a triumph. Competition between Lucious and Cookie heats up when Cookie hears of Lucious's plan to stage a huge performance for Hakeem - but not Jamal. Meanwhile, the police begin to investigate Bunkie's murder.
1355	Empire	The Devil Quotes Scripture	Drama	7.6	The Lyons head to Philadelphia and get a taste of what their life could have been if Lucious hadn't made it big. Lucious promotes Hakeem's new relationship with hip-hop star Tianna, but tensions rise when another woman tries to catch Hakeem's eye.
1355	Empire	False Imposition	Drama	7.6	Lucious attempts to steal a super-hot, chart-topping artist from his rival at Safe House Records. Meanwhile, Jamal struggles to compose original music and Cookie tries to forge a relationship with her estranged son, Hakeem,.
1355	Empire	Dangerous Bonds	Drama	7.6	Cookie receives an anonymous gift from an admirer that she believes might be a veiled threat from a person from her prison past. Meanwhile, Lucious takes charge of Hakeem's first video shoot.
1355	Empire	Out, Damned Spot	Drama	7.6	Lucious asks Cookie to manage Elle Dallas, Empire Entertainment's first label star, who hasn't produced an album in years. Meanwhile, Vernon is caught in the middle of a very sticky situation. Then, as Jamal rises to stardom, his newfound drive and ambition stirs up trouble in his relationships. To make matters worse, a mystery woman from the family's past shows up with a huge surprise. Also, Lucious hires Malcom to be the new head of security at Empire Entertainment.
1355	Empire	Our Dancing Days	Drama	7.6	Tension mounts between Hakeem and Jamal, as Lucious attempts to brand Empire Entertainment as a tight-knit, "family-run" company. Meanwhile, Cookie and Anika don't hold anything back when it comes to taking over the company.
1355	Empire	The Lyon's Roar	Drama	7.6	It's time for the Lyon family to come together and record a legacy album with Lucious, Hakeem and Jamal. Cookie and Camilla finally come face-to-face, Andre struggles with some inner demons and Jamal steps into the spotlight with news that surprises everyone.
1355	Empire	Unto The Breach	Drama	7.6	It's an all-out war when Cookie uncovers Anika's big backstabbing secret, and Lucious must come face-to-face with his longtime rival, Billy Beretti. As the Lyon family rallies to save Empire Entertainment, all three sons take drastic measures: Jamal gets close with famous artist Delphine, Hakeem works hand-in-hand with Cookie and Andre is pushed way beyond his limits.
1355	Empire	Sins Of The Father	Drama	7.6	Andre forms a new musical relationship with Michelle, and a woman from Lucious' past, Angie, comes into the picture. Meanwhile, Lucious invites the whole family over to his home. However, everyone arrives with their own agendas. Hakeem, under the influence of Camilla, sets out to show his father that he's a true artist and a good businessman. Then, Cookie prepares to state her own agenda for Empire and for her family, when Olivia arrives.
1355	Empire	Die But Once	Drama	7.6	Jamal and Lucious are on their way to forming a music-centered relationship, but once again, Lucious has a secret that's about to change everything. Hakeem decides to flirt with the enemy, while trying to figure out what the best move is for his career.
1355	Empire	Who I Am	Drama	7.6	Cookie is cooking up a plan of her own.
1355	Empire	The Devils Are Here	Drama	7.6	Season Two picks up three months after the shocking arrest and incarceration of Empire Entertainment head LUCIOUS LYON (Terrence Howard). Still in federal lockup, Lucious is trying to run Empire from inside, while a headline-grabbing state prosecutor hangs her political ambitions on bringing him down - no matter what it takes. Meanwhile, Cookie stages a star-studded #FreeLucious concert in his support, while scheming with Andre, Hakeem, Anika and the business savvy Mimi Whiteman (guest star Marisa Tomei) to finalize the hostile takeover of Empire.
1355	Empire	Without A Country	Drama	7.6	Cookie and her cohorts decide to start their own small record label, but it's off to a bumpy start as everyone has different visions for the new label. As his first project for the new company, Hakeem decides to form a girl group and woos a hot Latina lead singer (guest star Becky G), proving that he can be more than just an artist. Meanwhile, Lucious, feeling extra pressure from a bloodthirsty prosecutor, hires a new lawyer (guest star Andre Royo) and records an epic track from inside jail. In Lucious' absence, Jamal neglects his music and makes business moves that further his journey toward becoming every bit as ruthless as his father.
1355	Empire	Fires of Heaven	Drama	7.6	Cookie and Anika secretly work together behind Lucious' back to pull off a surprise performance that catches the eye of Pitbull (guest-starring as himself). Meanwhile, Lucious tracks down Frank Gathers' daughter, Young Ma (guest star Bre-Z Murray), to try to convince her to sign with him at Empire, while Hakeem is hard at work on his girl group, Ménage a Trois. Also, Andre and Rhonda hope their baby-on-the-way will be the key that unlocks Lucious' cold heart and opens the door for Andre to return to the Empire fold.
1355	Empire	Poor Yorick	Drama	7.6	The Lyons are still split into warring factions, but they all decide to shoot a music video that will capitalize on Hakeem and Jamal's duet from Hakeem's leaked album, a collaboration that will benefit both companies. Meanwhile, Lucious trades his real handcuffs for virtual ones. However, knowing he can't fully control his company with a federal murder case hanging over his head, he sets out to find Vernon and make him permanently disappear.
1362	Lab Rats	Lab Rats	Comedy	none	"Lab Rats" introduces Leo just as he settles into the high-tech home he shares with his inventor stepdad, Donald Davenport, his mom, Tasha, and Eddy, the "smart house" computer. There he discovers a secret underground lab with three experiments, super-human teens: Adam the strong one, Bree the fast one and Chase the smart one. The trio, eager to leave their confines, convinces Leo and his parents to let them join him at school where they try to fit in while trying to manage their unpredictable bionic strengths. Along the way, they help Leo build self confidence while he figures out a way to keep their bionic abilities a secret from the world.
1362	Lab Rats	Crush, Chop, and Burn (1)	Comedy	none	Leo discovers three teen super-humans Adam, Bree and Chase, living in a secret underground lab in the high-tech home he shares with his inventor stepdad, Donald Davenport, his mom, Tasha, and Eddy, the "smart house" computer. Leo takes the trio to school, but when they are unable to contain their bionic abilities on campus, Davenport sends them away to a remote secret lab and now Leo must find a way to save his new friends.
1362	Lab Rats	Crush, Chop, and Burn (2)	Comedy	none	The three bionic teens disrupt school with their unique powers and are sent away to a remote lab.
1362	Lab Rats	Commando App	Comedy	none	On the Lab Rats first day of school, all goes awry when Chase is confronted by a football player and his "Commando App" is triggered, transforming him into Spike, an unruly drill sergeant. When Spike defies the school principal, she pits the Lab Rats up against the football team to battle it out for the coveted cafeteria table.
1362	Lab Rats	Leo's Jam	Comedy	none	When Leo needs help asking a girl to the school dance, Adam and Chase step in to help, but the plan backfires when she falls for the wrong brother. The boys decide to settle their differences on the dance floor and each show off their best moves. Meanwhile, Bree gets to know her crush, but he gets to know her glitches.
1362	Lab Rats	Rats on a Train	Comedy	none	The Lab Rats get their first mission to stop Davenport's hi-tech super fast train from speeding out of control. Leo sneaks along, but when the Lab Rats discover he accidently discarded the braking system they were supposed to install, they must improvise a way to stop the train before it crashes into a nearby town. Meanwhile, Tasha is given her big break at the TV news station when her boss asks her to cover the runaway train.
1362	Lab Rats	Exoskeleton vs. Grandma	Comedy	none	When Davenport's prized invention, a super strength and laser empowered exoskeleton suit, malfunctions, Leo takes it upon himself to fix it. However, it ends up unleashing destructive power on the household, making Leo's grandma even more suspicious of the family.
1362	Lab Rats	Smart and Smarter	Comedy	none	When Chase refuses to admit that Adam has good ideas, Adam decides to run against him for 'Student of the Semester.' Meanwhile, Leo takes advantage of Bree's bionic super speed making her his personal taxi.
1362	Lab Rats	Bionic Birthday Fail	Comedy	none	When Adam, Bree and Chase forget to invite Leo to his surprise birthday party, they must make it up to him, so they take Leo into the ultra-cool virtual mission simulator and show him what it's like to have bionics.
1362	Lab Rats	Death Spiral Smackdown	Comedy	none	Leo teams up with Adam in the school fitness challenge 'Death Spiral Smackdown,' hoping that Adam's bionic powers will be his secret weapon. But the plan backfires when they end up going head-to-head in the finals. Meanwhile, Bree and Chase use their bionic abilities against one another.
1362	Lab Rats	Can I Borrow the Helicopter?	Comedy	none	After a few failed attempts at impressing Janelle, Leo borrows Davenport's high speed helicopter to take her on a daring date. Meanwhile, Bree decides to move out of the lab and into her own room.
1362	Lab Rats	Back From the Future	Comedy	none	Davenport's time machine brings Leo, from seven years in the future (played by Tyler James Williams), to present day to prevent Adam, Bree and Chase from going on a mission from which they'll never return. Davenport takes the warning seriously and forbids the Lab Rats from going on the mission, but they decide to sacrifice themselves in hopes of saving the world. Meanwhile, future Leo teaches present day Leo how to be cool and shows Davenport his fate.
1362	Lab Rats	Chip Switch	Comedy	none	Adam, Bree and Chase defy warnings from Davenport and swap bionic chips. Chase, with Adam's abilities, attempts to use heat vision for the first time and accidentally fries the elevator's circuitry, leaving Leo trapped inside with Principal Perry. After an unsuccessful attempt to return the chips to their rightful owners, the Lab Rats realize they must work together to stop the elevator from plunging to the basement.
1362	Lab Rats	Drone Alone	Comedy	none	When Tasha and Davenport go on a vacation, it is up to Leo to make sure that nothing happens to his stepdad's prized possessions. Leo and the Lab Rats all promise to behave, but the second they're gone, Leo instantly heads to the lab and plays with a new gadget inadvertently causing Adam, Bree and Chase to glitch. However, their fun must come to an end when a Davenport Industries Solar Drone crashes through the window of the great room.
1362	Lab Rats	Chore Wars	Comedy	none	Adam, Bree and Chase learn about chores and earn allowance for the first time. In hopes of raising more money, the Lab Rats decide to host a yard sale but they accidently sell an antique jewelry box that Davenport was restoring for Tasha. Meanwhile, Leo and Davenport bond over the latest 'Pig Zombie' movies.
1362	Lab Rats	Dude, Where's My Lab	Comedy	none	Tasha takes the entire family on a nice 'tech free' beach weekend in the RV, but when Davenport discovers a solar flare headed in the Earth's direction, he secretly enlists the help of the Lab Rats. While Davenport distracts Tasha, the trio is forced to wait in the RV-turned portable lab for their rocket launch window. Cooped up inside during their first summer vacation, Leo and the gang sneak out for a quick jaunt on the boardwalk but when they return the RV is gone.
1362	Lab Rats	Air Leo	Comedy	none	In order to try and impress Janelle, Leo signs up for a one-on-one basketball tournament against the current reigning champ, Trent. Leo plans to use Davenport's antigravity high-top sneakers to help with his slam dunks, but when the shoes get into the wrong hands, he's stuck playing with his own two feet. Meanwhile, Adam and Bree try out for the cheerleading squad and face the wrath of head cheerleader Stephanie.
1362	Lab Rats	Night of the Living Virus	Comedy	none	While helping Davenport in the lab, Leo accidently unleashes an internet virus transforming the "smart house" computer Eddy into an evil version named Teddy. Meanwhile, Bree hosts her first slumber party and invites popular mean girl Stephanie. Adam and Chase decide to prank the girls, but they are interrupted when Teddy takes over and sends everyone into a panic.
1362	Lab Rats	Mission Invisible	Comedy	none	When Adam, Bree and Chase are caught on Principal Perry's surveillance camera using bionics, they enlist Leo's help to pull off their most important mission yet. Donning Davenport's invisibility cloak, Leo sneaks into Perry's office to retrieve the evidence, but their plan is foiled when Tasha and Davenport arrive early for parent-teacher conference night.
1362	Lab Rats	Concert in a Can	Comedy	none	Adam and Chase form a band with a new kid at school named Marcus, but when Marcus blames Leo for his broken guitar, Leo is convinced that he's up to no good. Meanwhile, Bree tries to bond with Davenport during Career Day.
1362	Lab Rats	Mission: Space	Comedy	none	While Adam, Bree and Chase head off for their latest mission to fix a broken panel in Davenport Industries' Space Station, Leo is tasked with distracting his nosy nemesis Marcus. When Marcus wanders into the lab, Davenport is forced to cover and answer his prying questions instead of guiding the Lab Rats through their biggest mission yet. Meanwhile, Chase accidently discovers a hidden bionic ability, molecular kinesis, leaving Adam and Bree curious about their own secret abilities.
1362	Lab Rats	Speed Trapped	Comedy	none	Adam, Bree and Chase sneak out to meet Marcus in Davenport's new self-driving sports car. When Leo tries to stop them, his nemesis Marcus traps him inside the car and programs it to take him on a wild, high-speed ride bound for the bottom of the Pacific Ocean.
1362	Lab Rats	Spy Fly	Comedy	none	Leo turns to Bree for help after he mistakenly unleashes a swarm of robotic flies on the school. Adam and Chase turn their class assignment into a destructive competition.
1362	Lab Rats	Missin' the Mission	Comedy	none	Leo finally goes a mission as he helps Davenport and Eddy attempt to stop an underground gas leak. Adam, Bree and Chase struggle to escape from Principal Perry's detention lockdown.
1362	Lab Rats	Quarantined	Comedy	none	Bree is exposed to a dangerous toxic chemical sending Adam and Chase on a mission for an antidote. Bree escapes quarantine and when her side effects kick in it's up to Leo to get her back to her capsule.
1362	Lab Rats	Robot Fight Club	Comedy	none	Chase and Leo enter a local "create-your-own battle bot" competition where they hope to defeat the returning champion. Davenport asks to give some input, but ends up taking over the entire robot build. When Chase and Leo kick him off the team, Davenport becomes determined to win on his own.
1362	Lab Rats	Bro Down	Comedy	none	Chase outsmarts Adam with a prank that shatters not only his aura of invincibility, but his confidence. In turn, Davenport and Chase set up a confidence building faux rescue scenario that backfires and leaves Chase in real danger. Meanwhile, Bree faces Principal Perry's wrath after she uses a new ability called "Vocal Manipulation" to mimic her.
1362	Lab Rats	The Rats Strike Back	Comedy	none	The Lab Rats confide in Leo their frustrations at having to constantly train and their desire to do normal teenage things. Leo explains the concept of going on strike so they face off against Davenport, who then calls their strike bluff and raises the stakes by recruiting Leo as a Lab Rat "scab" for an upcoming demonstration.
1362	Lab Rats	Parallel Universe	Comedy	none	Leo is inadvertently sucked into Davenport's new invention and transported into a parallel universe where Tasha is a brilliant inventor, Davenport is her insecure assistant and Leo finally has what he's always wanted, bionic abilities!.
1362	Lab Rats	Spike's Got Talent	Comedy	none	Leo performs a magic act to earn a spot in the school talent show but loses his slot to Chase who uses his powers to cheat and create "magic" of his own. Leo then sets out to sabotage Chase but inadvertently releases Chase's rampaging alter ego, "Spike," to wreak havoc on the school. Meanwhile a frustrated Bree watches as Adam and Owen attempt to use butter as art.
1362	Lab Rats	Leo vs. Evil	Comedy	none	Leo follows Marcus to his secret lair to gather evidence that proves he's bionic but ends up captured by Marcus. Meanwhile, the Lab Rats scramble to bring Tasha back before Davenport finds out that they accidentally teleport her to parts unknown.
1362	Lab Rats	Hole in One	Comedy	none	The Lab Rats inadvertently ruin Davenport's million dollar painting and use their powers to cover their mistake. Things go from bad to worse when Davenport attempts to sell the painting and is accused of attempting to sell forged art.
1362	Lab Rats	Trucked Out	Comedy	none	When Adam gets his driver's license, Davenport sets out to buy him a new, safe starter vehicle. But when he's left on his own, Adam closes a deal for a monster truck instead. Tasha runs against Principal Perry for PTA president.
1362	Lab Rats	The Bionic 500	Comedy	none	Davenport and his obnoxious new neighbor agree to settle their differences with a stock car race but the Lab Rats are forced to get in on the action when they learn that his neighbor has enlisted NASCAR pro Joey Logano as his ringer.
1362	Lab Rats	Bionic Showdown (1)	Comedy	none	Marcus and Douglas lure the Lab Rats into a trap and they learn shocking revelations about their secret origins and creator. Leo partners with Eddy for a surprise attack on Douglas' lair resulting in an epic bionic showdown.
1362	Lab Rats	Bionic Showdown (2)	Comedy	none	Marcus and Douglas lure the Lab Rats into a trap and they learn shocking revelations about their secret origins and creator.
1362	Lab Rats	Memory Wipe	Comedy	none	After coming home with a poor report card, Leo uses Davenport's award-winning memory erasing device to wipe Davenport's short term memory but inadvertently erases 25 years, rendering him a teenager.
1362	Lab Rats	Avalanche!	Comedy	none	As the Lab Rats return from a mission, Chase feels like the odd man out after Adam and Bree take all of the credit for the mission's success. Out to prove himself, Chase heads to the Arctic to retrieve rare minerals that Davenport needs for an invention, but finds himself trapped in an avalanche.
1362	Lab Rats	Adam Up	Comedy	none	In an effort to get out of training duties, Adam enlists Leo's help to create a duplicate Adam using Davenport's experimental cloning device. However, Adam's clone uses the same device to create another duplicate to avoid going to school and the clones he creates repeat the same process resulting in a mob of ever duplicating Adams.
1362	Lab Rats	Llama Drama	Comedy	none	When the school mascot's Dingo costume is stolen by the rival team, Adam seeks revenge by taking their mascot, a llama. When Chase and Adam try to return the llama they discover that the animal has swallowed hundreds of Davenport's mechanical nanobots causing it to shoot acidic bionic spit.
1362	Lab Rats	The Haunting of Mission Creek High	Comedy	none	When Leo discovers that his nemesis Trent is rattled by a ghostly Halloween legend, he masterminds a plan for Chase and Adam to use their bionics to stage a haunting at the school. In the process the boys come to fear that the ghostly legend may in fact be real.
1362	Lab Rats	Perry 2.0	Comedy	none	When Principal Perry lets Davenport give Mission Creek High a much-needed "tech upgrade," she gets the idea to create a robotic version of herself that will help her patrol the students.
1362	Lab Rats	My Little Brother	Comedy	none	When Chase inadvertently causes Adam to shrink down to two inches, it's all fun and games until Adam ends up on Perry's lunch tray. Meanwhile, Bree gets control of the school for a day.
1362	Lab Rats	Prank you Very Much	Comedy	none	Bree is tired of being the target of the boys' shenanigans and partners with Tasha to pull the ultimate prank.
1362	Lab Rats	Twas the Mission Before Christmas	Comedy	none	The Lab Rats go on a rescue mission to Davenport's secret facility in the frozen tundra to save Dr. Evans.
1362	Lab Rats	Trent Gets Schooled	Comedy	none	Leo and Chase use Davenport's technology to get back at Trent on the day of a big test. Meanwhile, Bree gets exposed to a hair growth cream and has disastrous results.
1362	Lab Rats	No Going Back	Comedy	none	When Principal Perry's life is in danger, the Lab Rats are forced to expose their bionic secret in order to save her. Meanwhile, Davenport is attacked by a mysterious nemesis that leaves his empire in ruins.
1362	Lab Rats	Sink Or Swim (1)	Comedy	none	The lab rats are on the run as stowaways on a cargo freight headed to the unknown. Once captured by the ship's crew, they are forced to choose between helping a submarine in danger, which would reveal their whereabouts and put them at risk of being caught, or staying quiet.
1362	Lab Rats	Sink Or Swim (2)	Comedy	none	The lab rats become stowaways on a cargo freighter headed to parts unknown. They are forced to choose between helping a submarine in danger, which would reveal their location and put them in danger, or keeping quiet.
1362	Lab Rats	The Jet-Wing	Comedy	none	Davenport tries to raise money for a new lab by attempting a death-defying stunt.
1362	Lab Rats	Mission: Mission Creek High	Comedy	none	Now that she knows their secret, Principal Perry pesters the team to take her on a bionic mission. When they stage a fake mission, things don't go as planned, and they have to save Mission Creek High from a speeding rocket.
1362	Lab Rats	Zip It	Comedy	none	Bree gets a part-time job at a tech store but is overshadowed by Chase. Meanwhile, Adam and Leo build a turbo zip-line in the house and find themselves in competition with Davenport.
1362	Lab Rats	Not So Smart Phone	Comedy	none	Chase and Adam record themselves doing bionic stunts but then have to scramble to find the phone they used before their secret is exposed. Meanwhile, Leo and Bree scheme to help Perry spend her fortune.
1362	Lab Rats	Scramble the Orbs	Comedy	none	Leo's excited about his first high-end technological creation, a pair of attack orbs meant to protect the family, but when they can't differentiate between friend and foe, they create more harm than good. Meanwhile, Chase steals Davenport's Eddy technology to make a "Cheddy" app and win a Tech Town employee contest, but things go awry when the technology glitches.
1362	Lab Rats	Principal from Another Planet	Comedy	none	Leo is determined to record the bizarre events he believes take place during a lunar eclipse. Davenport is skeptical until it appears that an alien life form has taken control of Principal Perry's body.
1362	Lab Rats	Taken	Comedy	none	Leo and Tasha are kidnapped by Krane, which sends Davenport on a rescue mission and sets up a showdown that puts Krane head to head with Adam, Bree and Chase.
1362	Lab Rats	Three Minus Bree	Comedy	none	When Bree is accepted for a high school semester abroad program and Davenport won't let her go, she destroys her chip forsaking her bionic abilities.
1362	Lab Rats	Which Father Knows Best?	Comedy	none	Davenport's attempts at rebuilding Bree's bionic chip fail, forcing Leo to go behind his back and ask Douglas for help.
1362	Lab Rats	Cyborg Shark Attack	Comedy	none	After Leo sees a shark movie that terrifies him, Adam and Chase scare him by repurposing a Davenport Industries cyborg shark. However, the shark's artificial intelligence goes rogue, and Chase, Adam, Leo and Janelle find themselves trapped in the house.
1362	Lab Rats	You Posted What!?! Part 1	Comedy	none	Adam, Bree and Chase get caught on video using their bionics and the video goes viral, revealing their secret to the world. Government agents swarm the house and place Davenport and the Lab Rats on lock down.
1362	Lab Rats	You Posted What!?! Part 2	Comedy	none	Adam, Bree and Chase get caught on video using their bionics and the video goes viral, revealing their secret to the world. Government agents swarm the house and place Davenport and the Lab Rats on lock down.
1362	Lab Rats	Armed and Dangerous	Comedy	none	Leo can't resist showing off his new bionic arm in front of Janelle, but it quickly goes out of control. Agent Graham promotes the kids as bionic celebrities, but when they realize they missed a mission because of him, they decide it's time to get Davenport back as their leader.
1362	Lab Rats	Alien Gladiators	Comedy	none	Leo and Davenport attend fan convention and face off in an epic fire staff battle. Meanwhile, Adam, Bree, and Chase attend the convention dressed like their favorite "Alien Gladiators" characters in search of the movie's star. However, things take a turn for the worst when the gang lands in a security holding area with a costumed fan boy.
1362	Lab Rats	Brother Battle	Comedy	none	Douglas unlocks new abilities for Adam and Chase that escalate their battle of one-upmanship and disrupt the balance of power on the team.
1362	Lab Rats	Spike Fright	Comedy	none	When Chase finally gets a girl interested in him, Adam gets jealous and sabotages their date by purposefully causing Chase to turn into Spike.
1362	Lab Rats	Face Off	Comedy	none	Bree attempts to play a prank on Adam, but it goes awry right before her big date for the school's winter dance.
1362	Lab Rats	Rise Of The Secret Soldiers	Comedy	none	As Adam, Bree and Chase become celebrities, fame begins to tear them apart. The friction among the group becomes evident when a reality show follows them on a mission and things go awry. However, they must put aside their differences to stop Krane from his evil plan of taking over the planet.
1362	Lab Rats	Bionic Houseparty	Comedy	none	Davenport lays in critical condition after a battle. In an attempt to save him, Leo risks his life to perform a dangerous bionic process. Meanwhile, after being deactivated from the Triton App, Krane's former bionic soldiers have nowhere to go and follow Adam home.
1362	Lab Rats	First Day of Bionic Academy	Comedy	none	To his dismay, Leo finds out that he will be a student at the Bionic Academy, not a mentor like Adam, Bree and Chase. Chase engages in a battle against a former nemesis and Adam mentors a younger student.
1362	Lab Rats	Adam Steps Up	Comedy	none	Davenport leaves Adam, Bree, and Chase in charge of the Bionic Academy while he celebrates his anniversary. Leo invites Janelle to the island, but gets distracted by his nemesis.
1362	Lab Rats	Unauthorized Mission	Comedy	none	When Leo is chosen for a mission over Spin, Spin recruits Bob to join him on an unauthorized mission to prove themselves. Meanwhile, Sebastian tries to help Chase get revenge on Adam, but his intentions may not be true.
1362	Lab Rats	Mission Fail	Comedy	none	Fame begins to tear the team apart when Adam, Bree and Chase become celebrities. With a reality show crew, they go on a mission on national TV.
1362	Lab Rats	Forces Unite	Comedy	none	The Lab Rats set aside their differences and reunite to stop Krane and his bionic army from taking control of the entire planet. Meanwhile, Leo goes on his first official mission.
1362	Lab Rats	Bionic Island: Bionic Rebellion: Part 1 and 2	Comedy	none	Season 4 begins with Chase, Adam, Bree and Leo discovering that a confidante has secretly formed an evil rebellion to exact revenge for his father's death by killing Davenport. Meanwhile, Leo informs everyone that he is not "one of them" but brags about living with Adam, Bree and Chase in their high-tech quarters.
1362	Lab Rats	Bionic Island: Left Behind	Comedy	none	Adam, Bree and Chase sneak a group of bionic students off the island but accidentally leave Spin and Bob behind. They then scramble to retrieve them before Davenport finds out.
1362	Lab Rats	Bionic Island: Under Siege	Comedy	none	Everyone becomes convinced a new threat has emerged when a series of suspicious events occur overnight.
1362	Lab Rats	Bionic Island: Bionic Dog	Comedy	none	Douglas' long-lost dog shows up on the island. Chase becomes severely allergic to it, while Adam instantly bonds with the pooch.
1362	Lab Rats	Bionic Island: Mission Mania	Comedy	none	Leo promotes himself as the fourth member of the team and creates more mission alerts than the team can handle.
1362	Lab Rats	Bionic Island: Simulation Manipulation	Comedy	none	Adam and Chase each lead their student groups against one another in a series of simulated exercises that evaluate student and mentor performance.
1362	Lab Rats	Bionic Island: Forbidden Hero	Comedy	none	When Leo is injured during a mission, Tasha rushes to the academy to take care of him. She quickly realizes the danger he puts himself in on missions.
1362	Lab Rats	Bionic Island: Spider Island	Comedy	none	Douglas and Chase work together to reanimate an extinct species of sea spider. The spider escapes and puts the entire academy in jeopardy.
1362	Lab Rats	Bionic Island: Spike vs. Spikette	Comedy	none	Bree and Chase discover that a female bionic student has a commando app like Chase. After she starts terrorizing the academy, they activate Spike to subdue her.
1362	Lab Rats	Bionic Island: Space Elevator	Comedy	none	Davenport's top scientist Dr. Ryan arrives at the academy to test his latest advance in space technology. Chase is immediately threatened by his young surfer dude demeanor and their rivalry heats up when Chase is forced to work as Dr. Ryan's assistant.
1362	Lab Rats	Bionic Island: Bionic Action Hero	Comedy	none	Douglas reveals that a former colleague is a movie director and wants to make a movie based on Adam, Bree and Chase. However, when she shows up to the academy with her actor Troy West for research, her evil agenda begins to unfold.
1362	Lab Rats	Bionic Island: One of Us	Comedy	none	Chase and Douglas discover that Krane implanted the bionic students with a deadly virus. Chase, Douglas and Leo desperately try to find a solution before time runs out.
1362	Lab Rats	Bionic Island: Bob Zombie	Comedy	none	Douglas develops a new piece of technology replicating Chase's bionic intelligence and gives it to some of the other academy students, including Bob.
1363	Humans	Humans	Drama	8.3	Humans is set in a parallel present where the latest must-have gadget for any busy family is a ‘Synth' - a highly-developed robotic servant eerily similar to its live counterpart. In the hope of transforming the way they live, one strained suburban family purchases a refurbished synth only to discover that sharinglife with a machine has far-reaching and chilling consequences.
1363	Humans	Episode 1	Drama	8.3	A couple buy a synthetic human, or `synth' to help around the house, but the new arrival threatens to expose their secrets. A retired engineer's paternal relationship with his own synth is threatened by a malfunction, an android and his owner go on the run, and a detective grows suspicious of his wife's close bond with her synth.
1363	Humans	Episode 2	Drama	8.3	George's worst fears are realised when he is assigned a new Synth whom he cannot stand. Laura feels threatened by Anita's presence in her home, and Fred is held captive in Hobb's facility, which leads him to fear for the future of the human race. Karen and Pete have to hunt down Nisha after she escapes from the brothel, while Leo's search for information leads him down a dangerous path.
1363	Humans	Episode 3	Drama	8.3	Laura is begrudgingly forced to keep Anita when she saves Toby from a road accident. George is planning an escape with Odi and Pete's hot temper earns him a suspension from work.
1363	Humans	Episode 4	Drama	8.3	Laura insists the family take Anita for testing when Mattie tells her that she's seen Anita acting strangely, while Hobb is on Niska's trail
1363	Humans	Episode 5	Drama	8.3	Killer Synth is the breaking news story, and public panic is growing. Karen is hot on Niska's tail, but are her motives for finding her more personal than professional?
1363	Humans	Episode 6	Drama	8.3	Things are at the lowest possible ebb for the fractured Hawkins family. With Joe in exile and the kids tired of their parents' lies, Laura decides it's time to tell the truth.
1363	Humans	Episode 7	Drama	8.3	Rejected and alone, Karen sets out to George's house to find Niska. Meanwhile Pete is determined to find out who Karen really is. The hunted Synths take refuge at the Hawkins.
1363	Humans	Episode 8	Drama	8.3	With the Synths in captivity, the devastated Hawkins' realise how much Mia and her family mean to them and are determined to help them
1364	Powers	Powers	Drama	6.8	Combining the genres of superhero fantasy, crime noir and police procedural, Powers, whose order is said to be around 10 episodes, is set in a world full of people with superhuman abilities and where all of those powers are just another catalyst for mayhem and murder. The series follows Detective Christian Walker, who is in charge of protecting humans like us and investigating cases involving the God-like men and women, referred to as Powers, who glide through the sky on lightning bolts and fire and who clash above cities in epic battle, oblivious to the mortals below.
1364	Powers	Pilot	Drama	6.8	In a world where having powers can make you a celebrity, the death of a well-known superhero is headline news. Now Detective Christian Walker (Sharlto Copley) and his new partner Deena Pilgrim (Susan Heyward) are on a mission to discover the truth...
1364	Powers	Like a Power	Drama	6.8	Conflicted with the loss of his former life as a Power, power-less Detective Walker (Sharlto Copley) must overcome his personal demons and find Calista (Olyesa Rulin) who has gone missing...
1364	Powers	Mickey Rooney Cries No More	Drama	6.8	As a lethal powers-enhancing drug is unleashed on the public, Detectives Walker (Sharlto Copley) and Pilgrim (Susan Heyward) seek out the criminal mastermind behind it with the help of iconic Power, Retro Girl (Michelle Forbes)...
1364	Powers	Devil in a Garbage Bag	Drama	6.8	Walker (Sharlto Copley), Pilgrim (Susan Heyward), and the rest of the Powers Division must prevent Wolfe (Eddie Izzard) from escaping the high security prison that holds him, The Shaft.
1364	Powers	Paint It Black	Drama	6.8	As Retro Girl (Michelle Forbes), Zora (Logan Browning), and the heroes of the world rush to stop the escape of Wolfe (Eddie Izzard) from The Shaft, Walker (Sharlto Copley) realizes he must face him alone.
1364	Powers	The Raconteur of the Funeral Circuit	Drama	6.8	In the wake of the battle to stop Wolfe (Eddie Izzard), the Powers division gathers to mourn the loss of their fellow officers, while Walker (Sharlto Copley) seeks answers about his own future and the possibility of becoming Diamond once again.
1364	Powers	You Are Not It	Drama	6.8	After Wolfe's (Eddie Izzard) plea to end his life, Walker (Sharlto Copley) and Pilgrim (Susan Heyward) must act quickly to stop Johnny Royalle's (Noah Taylor) petition to meet with Wolfe in The Shaft.
1364	Powers	Aha Shake Heartbreak	Drama	6.8	Royalle (Noah Taylor) reveals to Walker (Sharlto Copley) the true nature of Sway and the inevitable devastation it will cause if Wolfe (Eddie Izzard) is ever to escape, in order to persuade him to join his new cause to annihilate Wolfe.
1364	Powers	Level 13	Drama	6.8	In the penultimate episode written by the Powers comic co-creator Brian Michael Bendis, Walker (Sharlto Copley) decides how far he is willing to go to regain his powers.
1364	Powers	F@#K the Big Chiller	Drama	6.8	Wolfe (Eddie Izzard) has escaped, leaving a path of destruction and death in his wake, pushing Walker (Sharlto Copley) to put aside his desire to regain his own powers in order to help the Powers Division and heroes of the world end this once and for all.
1365	Man Seeking Woman	Man Seeking Woman	Comedy	7.0	Man Seeking Woman follows naïve twenty-something "Josh Greenberg" on his unrelenting quest for love. Josh soldiers through one-night stands, painful break-ups, a blind date with a troll, time travel, sex aliens, many deaths and a Japanese penis monster named Tanaka on his fantastical journey to find love.
1365	Man Seeking Woman	Lizard	Comedy	7.0	Josh struggles to move on after getting dumped by Maggie.
1365	Man Seeking Woman	Traib	Comedy	7.0	Josh doesn't know what to text Laura, so he asks his friends for advice.
1365	Man Seeking Woman	Pitbull	Comedy	7.0	Josh and Mike have a wild night out.
1365	Man Seeking Woman	Dram	Comedy	7.0	Josh feels pressure from his family to settle down.
1365	Man Seeking Woman	Sizzurp	Comedy	7.0	A beautiful woman miraculously falls for Josh.
1365	Man Seeking Woman	Gavel	Comedy	7.0	Josh finds a new girlfriend who's great for him.
1365	Man Seeking Woman	Stain	Comedy	7.0	Josh and Mike are invited to a destination wedding.
1365	Man Seeking Woman	Branzino	Comedy	7.0	Josh is convinced that he's finally found his soul mate.
1365	Man Seeking Woman	Teacup	Comedy	7.0	Liz struggles to move on after getting dumped by Leo.
1365	Man Seeking Woman	Scepter	Comedy	7.0	Josh tries to get Maggie back.
1366	Fortitude	Fortitude	Drama	7.6	Fortitude is a place like nowhere else. Although surrounded by the savage beauty of the Arctic landscape, Fortitude is one of the safest towns on earth. There has never been a violent crime here. Until now. In such a close-knit community a murder touches everyone and the unsettling, mysterious horror of this crime threatens the future of the town itself. The local Chief of Police, Sheriff Dan Anderssen (Dormer), has to investigate alongside DCI Morton (Tucci), the detective who has flown into Fortitude so fast that questions are being asked about how much he knew, and when. As these two cops try to make sense of the killing, each finds compelling reasons to mistrust and suspect the other. The murder is a catastrophe for Hildur Odegard (Grabol), the town's Governor. It threatens her ambitious plans to transform Fortitude from a mining town into a site for high-end tourism. And for Henry Tyson (Gambon), a wildlife photographer who only has weeks left to live, the murder is the catalyst to unearthing Fortitude's darkest secret.Also key to the story are Charlie Stoddart (Eccleston), an English scientist who heads up the Arctic Biology department at the Fortitude Arctic Research Centre, talented young scientist Vincent Rattrey (Treadaway), the newest member of Stoddart's team, and Jules Sutter (Raine), who is married to Frank Sutter (Pinnock), Fortitude's chief search and rescue pilot.As the cold Arctic darkness gives way to endless summer nights, this apparently idyllic community struggles to make sense of the murderous horror that has been let loose in its heart.
1366	Fortitude	Episode One	Drama	7.6	A dark event rocks a remote Arctic town in this unmissable original thriller. An all-star cast includes Christopher Eccleston and The Killing's Sofie Grabol.
1366	Fortitude	Episode Two	Drama	7.6	A dark event rocks a remote Arctic town in this unmissable original thriller. An all-star cast includes Christopher Eccleston and The Killing's Sofie Grabol.
1366	Fortitude	Episode Three	Drama	7.6	As the chilling thriller continues, Sheriff Anderssen and the police close in on their murder suspect, while DCI Morton follows a different line of enquiry.
1366	Fortitude	Episode Four	Drama	7.6	Dan and Frank go in search of a suspect; however, Dan's feelings for Elena are threatening to overwhelm him. Morton, meanwhile, uncovers a new piece of evidence.
1366	Fortitude	Episode Five	Drama	7.6	Following Dan's loss of control, Morton takes over the murder investigation. Elsewhere, Elena's mysterious past is about to catch up with her.
1366	Fortitude	Episode Six	Drama	7.6	Shock waves reverberate around Fortitude as the killer is revealed, while Morton tunes his attention to the death of a scientist on the island months earlier.
1366	Fortitude	Episode Seven	Drama	7.6	While Morton uncovers new information about the death of Billy Pettigrew, Hildur makes a heart-breaking discovery. Another gruesome event occurs in Fortitude.
1366	Fortitude	Episode Eight	Drama	7.6	Panic sweeps through Fortitude as news of the second attack spreads. Dan and Morton must work together while Frank hopes the latest events will exonerate Liam.
1366	Fortitude	Episode Nine	Drama	7.6	While Frank takes the law into his own hands, DCI Morton closes in on the truth about Pettigrew's death. Vincent and Natalie also make a discovery.
1366	Fortitude	Episode Ten	Drama	7.6	DCI Morton pursues Henry Tyson into the Arctic wilderness in search of the truth, while worrying test results force Governor Odegard to take drastic action.
1366	Fortitude	Episode Eleven	Drama	7.6	In the penultimate episode, the truth about Billy Pettigrew is revealed. In the lab, Natalie and Vincent probe the cause of the disturbing events in Fortitude.
1366	Fortitude	Episode Twelve	Drama	7.6	The chilling thriller concludes with a dramatic and emotional finale. Vincent faces a life-threatening situation, while Dan must make a devastating decision.
1367	Sense8	Sense8	Drama	8.6	Netflix will bring Georgeville Television's Sense8, a gripping global tale of minds linked and souls hunted, exclusively to its members to watch instantly in 2015. The 12 episode season one of Sense8 marks the first foray into television by the Wachowskis, the creative geniuses behind Bound, The Matrix, The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Revolutions, V for Vendetta, Speed Racer and Cloud Atlas, and is the latest project from veteran show runner J. Michael Straczynski , creator of the Hugo Award-winning Babylon 5 TV series and whose film credits include Changeling, Thor and Underworld Awakening.Sense8 will tell the story of eight strangers (Smith, Middleton, Ameen, Bae, Silvestre, Desae, Riemelt, and Clayton) from different cultures and parts of the world, who, in the aftermath of a tragic death, suddenly find themselves mentally and emotionally connected – an evolutionary leap of technological origin. While trying to figure why this happened and what it means for the future of mankind, a mysterious and powerful man named Jonas will try to bring the eight together, while another stranger called Mr. Whispers and his organization will attempt to hunt them down to capture or assassinate them. Each episode will focus on one character and their story
1367	Sense8	Limbic Resonance	Drama	8.6	Eight strangers from cities around the globe begin having experiences that defy explanation.
1367	Sense8	I Am Also A We	Drama	8.6	Nomi's fortunes take a dark turn, while the rest of the Sensates' connections become stronger and more dangerous.
1367	Sense8	Smart Money's on the Skinny Bitch	Drama	8.6	With many of the Sensates' lives becoming more complicated, their newfound gift -- while still a mystery -- proves vital for survival.
1367	Sense8	What's Going On?	Drama	8.6	Nomi's fate draws nearer, Capheus and Wolfgang's fortunes seem to have turned, but Sun is faced with an impossible choice.
1367	Sense8	Art Is Like Religion	Drama	8.6	The Sensates struggle with intensifying connections, which results in some interesting days on set for Lito and a wedding day surprise for Kala.
1367	Sense8	Demons	Drama	8.6	While the Sensates bond, Nomi takes a bold move to gain her freedom and Sun makes a choice she might someday regret.
1367	Sense8	WWN Double-D?	Drama	8.6	Nomi makes a shocking discovery about her former doctor, while Will gets closer to the truth behind his visions and Kala's doubts grow stronger.
1367	Sense8	We Will All Be Judged by the Courage of Our Hearts	Drama	8.6	Sun fights to adjust to her new life as Capheus tries to change his. Will and Nomi dig up disturbing information that could change everything.
1367	Sense8	Death Doesn't Let You Say Goodbye	Drama	8.6	Riley learns about her new life and its dangers, Kala deals with the aftermath of the attack on Rajan's father, and Lito's world spins out of control.
1367	Sense8	What Is Human?	Drama	8.6	Will learns more about his origins and the threat to his future, while Wolfgang's actions catch up with him, even as his bond with Kala strengthens.
1367	Sense8	Just Turn the Wheel and the Future Changes	Drama	8.6	Riley's fate draws nearer, while Capheus and Sun are put to the test, and Wolfgang makes his boldest move yet.
1367	Sense8	I Can't Leave Her	Drama	8.6	With Riley in the hands of Whispers, all of the Sensates' skills are needed to give them any chance at survival.
1368	Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt	Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt	Comedy	8.1	"The very construct of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt — its offbeat premise, hilarious and rich characters and serialized storytelling — make it a perfect Netflix comedy series," said Cindy Holland, VP Original Content at Netflix. "Tina and Robert's unique comic voice and sensibility come through in this series."
1369	Daredevil	Daredevil	Drama	8.5	Matt Murdock, a Marvel Comics hero who's a lawyer by day but fights the bad guys at night to avenge the murder of his father, a boxer. But what sets Matt apart from most superheroes isn't his back story it's his handicap. Matt is blind, the result of a childhood accident that may have removed his ability to see but gifted him with heightened senses of touch, taste, hearing and smell.
1369	Daredevil	Into the Ring	Drama	8.5	Matt Murdock, a Marvel Comics hero who's a lawyer by day but fights the bad guys at night to avenge the murder of his father, a boxer. But what sets Matt apart from most superheroes isn't his back story it's his handicap. Matt is blind, the result of a childhood accident that may have removed his ability to see but gifted him with heightened senses of touch, taste, hearing and smell.
1369	Daredevil	Cut Man	Drama	8.5	As Claire nurses Matt back to health, she discovers that her patient is much more than an ordinary man. Meanwhile, Matt recalls the events that led to him becoming Daredevil.
1369	Daredevil	Rabbit in a Snowstorm	Drama	8.5	Murdock and Foggy take on a mysterious wealthy client, but Murdock is convinced that there's more to the case than just the facts.
1369	Daredevil	In the Blood	Drama	8.5	Daredevil goes after the Russians who have abducted Claire. Meanwhile, Wilson goes on a dinner date with Vanessa.
1369	Daredevil	World on Fire	Drama	8.5	Fisk moves forward with plans that threaten to rip Hell's Kitchen apart. Murdock and Foggy take on a case helping tenants victimized by a slumlord.
1369	Daredevil	Condemned	Drama	8.5	Daredevil finds himself trapped in the fallout of Fisk's plan to take control of Hell's Kitchen. Ben Urich digs closer to the truth.
1369	Daredevil	Stick	Drama	8.5	An important figure from Murdock's past reemerges seeking his help to battle a new enemy threatening Hell's Kitchen.
1369	Daredevil	Shadows in the Glass	Drama	8.5	While Murdock, Foggy and Karen's mission becomes clearer, Fisk's world spins further out of control in his battle for Hell's Kitchen.
1369	Daredevil	Speak of the Devil	Drama	8.5	When Fisk gains the upper hand, the goal to destroy him becomes even more difficult, while Daredevil faces his own demons.
1369	Daredevil	Nelson v. Murdock	Drama	8.5	Murdock and Foggy's relationship is put to the ultimate test while a new enemy against Fisk emerges.
1369	Daredevil	The Path of the Righteous	Drama	8.5	Fisk and Murdock wrestle with the consequences of their chosen paths, while Ben and Karen get closer to Fisk's true past.
1369	Daredevil	The Ones We Leave Behind	Drama	8.5	Fisk seeks revenge while Karen is haunted by recent events. Daredevil makes a startling discovery about Fisk\'s financing.
1369	Daredevil	Daredevil	Drama	8.5	In the season finale, a boxed-in Fisk and a desperate Murdock, Foggy and Karen are forced to play their end games.
1370	Marvel's Jessica Jones	Marvel's Jessica Jones	Action	8.0	Ritter will play Jessica Jones, first introduced in writer Brian Michael Bendis and artist Michael Gaydos' classic ALIAS comic series. After a tragic ending to her short-lived Super Hero stint, Jones is rebuilding her personal life and career as a detective who gets pulled into cases involving people with extraordinary abilities in New York City.
1371	Westworld	Westworld	Action	7.0	WESTWORLD is a dark odyssey about the dawn of artificial consciousness and the future of sin. Inspired by the motion picture "Westworld," written and directed by Michael Crichton.
1372	Bloodline	Bloodline	Drama	7.9	"Bloodline" is a dramatic thriller that explores the demons lurking beneath the surface of a contemporary American family.
1372	Bloodline	Part 1	Drama	7.9	Series premiere of a drama set in the Florida Keys, where a close-knit clan's lives are upended with the return of a prodigal brother who opens up old wounds among them.
1372	Bloodline	Part 2	Drama	7.9	After an accident, old wounds are exposed, and further complications mount between Danny and his family.
1372	Bloodline	Part 3	Drama	7.9	Unsure of Robert's condition, Danny has second thoughts about staying in Islamorada, while Meg becomes overwhelmed with personal and professional obligations.
1372	Bloodline	Part 4	Drama	7.9	Danny's new role at the inn results in some family adjustments, while John and Marco uncover a torched boat that links to their murder investigtion.
1372	Bloodline	Part 5	Drama	7.9	A sudden tragedy leaves the Rayburn clan shaken, while John's search for evidence turns up something disturbing from the family's past.
1372	Bloodline	Part 6	Drama	7.9	John tries to keep Danny in the fold, but Danny discovers an unsettling truth about the past, while Meg enlists a new client and Kevin's personal life is in transition.
1372	Bloodline	Part 7	Drama	7.9	John and Marco turn up a lead in their investigation, while Meg tries to help Carlos and Kevin opens up to Danny.
1372	Bloodline	Part 8	Drama	7.9	After being robbed, Kevin recovers at Sally's place, while Danny enters a deal with Carlos, and John and Marco identify one of the murder victims.
1372	Bloodline	Part 9	Drama	7.9	The DEA becomes involved in John's murder investigation, while tensions rise between Meg and Danny as John looks into his past.
1372	Bloodline	Part 10	Drama	7.9	Meg and Sally continue planning for the wedding, while John and Marco's investigation points toward Danny.
1372	Bloodline	Part 11	Drama	7.9	John confronts Carlos about Danny's behavior, while also teaming with Kevin and Meg to come up with a plan to save the family.
1372	Bloodline	Part 12	Drama	7.9	Past and present problems make Danny a threat to the Rayburns, while Sally confronts her family.
1372	Bloodline	Part 13	Drama	7.9	In the Season 1 finale, the truth about Danny is revealed as John, Kevin and Meg try to restore order to their lives.
1375	Touched by an Angel	Touched by an Angel	Drama	none	A trio of angels Monica (Roma Downey), Tess (Della Reese), and Andrew (John Dye) are dispatched from heaven with a special mission: to inspire people facing sometimes unseen crossroads in their lives. Monica, an angel who at times still needs some guidance with her earthly assignments, reports to Tess, her tough, wise and always loving supervisor. Also on hand is Andrew, who, in addition to his duties as the Angel of Death, now helps out as a caseworker on various assignments. Gloria, an angel for the 21st century, continues to seek guidance from Monica performing her angelic duties. While the angels may not bring solutions to every problem, they always deliver a message of hope.
1381	The First 48	The First 48	Drama	10.0	The First 48 follows detectives from around the country during these first critical hours as they race against time to find the suspect. Gritty and fast-paced, it takes viewers behind the scenes of real-life investigations with unprecedented access to crime scenes, autopsies, forensic processing, and interrogations.
1381	The First 48	10 Pounds	Drama	10.0	In Birmingham, Detective Chris Anderson returns to his childhood neighborhood to investigate the murder of a man killed over ten pounds of marijuana.
1382	Dracula	Dracula	Drama	7.0	Golden Globe winner Jonathan Rhys Meyers ("The Tudors") stars in this provocative new drama as one of the world's most iconic characters. It's the late 19th century and the mysterious Dracula (Rhys Meyers) has arrived in London, posing as an American entrepreneur who wants to bring modern science to Victorian society. He's especially interested in the new technology of electricity, which promises to brighten the night - useful for someone who avoids the sun. But he has another reason for his travels: He hopes to take revenge on those who cursed him with immortality centuries earlier. Everything seems to be going according to plan... until he becomes infatuated with a woman who appears to be a reincarnation of his dead wife.
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	Drama	none	Welcome back to the 90210, which has acquired a new resident as EJ Johnson relocates to Los Angeles and joins his friends in the fabuluxe zip code over flowing with sunshine, designer fashions, and plenty of plastic by way of surgery and credit cards. The new season of #RichKids of Beverly Hills kicks off with a trip to China for the opening of an elite department store that just so happens to be owned by Dorothy's retail mogul father. Joining Dorothy on the trip are Morgan, Brendan, Jonny, and Roxy who is growing tired of Dorothy's reoccurring jabs about her career, style and being financially cut-off by her parents. However, Roxy isn't the only one carrying drama in her couture luggage as Dorothy's boyfriend Cooper is inexplicably absent from the crew's overseas adventures. Even with the galas, VIP treatments, amazing sightseeing and being surrounded by her #BFFs, Dorothy is still distracted by what appears to be a major bump in her relationship and an opportunity to show Cooper the Wang empire. Sounds like love is a battlefield, even when that battlefield is a multimillion dollar property in Beverly Hills and you're worth billions of dollars.
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#welcometoBH	Drama	none	Dorothy and Morgan find out that blood is thicker than water when a controversial topic threatens to ruin a friendship.
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#mansionhunting	Drama	none	Dorothy decides that it's time to move out of her parents' house and get a place of her own. Plus, Roxy's parents cut her off.
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#crazyincabo	Drama	none	To celebrate their one year anniversary, Brendan plans a posh getaway but Morgan wants to bring friends along. Is more really merrier?
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#yachtlife	Drama	none	Morgan rents a huge yacht for a day of drinking and fun in the sun--but old drama explodes at that night's dinner.
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#INTERIORmotives	Drama	none	Financially cut-off Roxy angles to decorate Dorothy's new condo, while Morgan and Brendan talk marriage and family.
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#funemployed	Drama	none	Roxy lands a huge client for her interior design business which finally gives her some financial freedom--but weekly trips to New York are killing her social life.
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#BHgoesNYC	Drama	none	The girls have a sleepover then all head to NYC for Morgan's launch party for her website.
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#selfiesinthecity	Drama	none	The Trendabl pop-up shop event is looming and Morgan is stressing out. If she wants to make in-roads with the fashion community, she needs to make big strides with her blog, Boobs and Loubs--but a run-in with a fashion blogger completely shakes her confidence. Can she handle the pressure and knock out a killer post on a deadline?
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#Richkidsreturn	Drama	none	The Chinese adventure begins in Nanjing where all the #RichKids get the royal treatment courtesy of Dorothy's family.
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#ShanghaiShowdown	Drama	none	The #RichKids continue their adventure across China! The group takes rickshaws through the streets of Shanghai and gets adventurous at a genuine Chinese night market.
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#Instadrama	Drama	none	One racy photo posted to Morgan's blog has her in hot water with her mom--but did she go overboard in telling Susan to buzz off?
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#baldeagle	Drama	none	Brendan, Morgan and Roxy throw a joint rooftop birthday party, but not everyone is having a great time.
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#BabyWhisperer	Drama	none	Babysitting Brendan's niece has Morgan wondering if she wants to be a mother someday. With Brendan dead-set on being a daddy, can the couple come to an understanding about their future?
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#TroopBeverlyHills	Drama	none	Wyoming, here they come! Brendan invites the rest of the #RichKids to rough it with him at his family's cabin where he spent his summers. Can the rest of the gang get in touch with their wild sides and bond with Mother Nature?
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#SurvivaloftheRichest	Drama	none	Their Palmdale, Wyoming, adventure continues! Follow the #RichKids as they try horseback riding, line dancing, boot shopping and tons more!
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#SurgerySelfie	Drama	none	In the season finale, Morgan and Brendan take steps to move in together. Will they receive their parents' blessing?
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#Textgate	Drama	none	In the season premiere, EJ questions whether to invite Jonny to the Bahamas, sparking group wide digital drama.
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#BahamaDrama	Drama	none	EJ has an appearance in the Bahamas and brings his friends along for support. Taylor finds flirting with newcomer Bobby to be a welcome distraction from the building tension with Roxy.
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#RingOnIt	Drama	none	As Morgan's career takes off, Brendan surprises her with a proposal. Roxy hosts a charity event for her sister and hopes her new boyfriend will come to support her.
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#NeverHaveIEver	Drama	none	Bobby puts Taylor at odds with the rest of the group when he lashes out at game night. EJ & Dorothy are on the prowl for men, and bad business leads to bad blood for Roxy & Morgan when a deal goes south between Brendan & Roxy's boyfriend.
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#BattleOfTheBods	Drama	none	Morgan and Dorothy take a road trip to Vegas, where they judge a poolside hot body contest. Taylor questions her relationship with Bobby.
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#Hatersgonnahate	Drama	none	As Morgan searches for the perfect wedding dress, Brendan worries about how much money she spends. After online criticism, Dorothy tries to change her voice, but finds dealing with her imperfections is difficult.
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#Looseinlondon	Drama	none	Morgan and Brendan plan an engagement trip to London with their friends that ends up taking a dramatic turn. Taylor and Bobby are on the rocks after Jonny confronts him about his behavior, and Morgan makes a Snapchat discovery that lands Brendan in hot water.
1387	#RichKids of Beverly Hills	#PartyCrasher	Drama	none	In the season finale, Morgan wonders if her friendship with Roxy is too far gone to recover, and debates whether or not she wants Roxy at her engagement party.
1392	Welcome to Sweden	Welcome to Sweden	Comedy	none	Swedish comedy from 2014. American Bruce Evans moves from New York to Stockholm with his Swedish girlfriend Emma to start a new life. But it will not be easy for Bruce with the conversion, it means moving to a new country with a different culture and the question is whether their love will survive.
1405	Betas	Betas	Comedy	6.7	Four computer geeks have what they think is a brilliant idea -- a social networking app that, in the words of ringleader Trey, "introduces you to the people you should know," unlike other popular sites, that simply let you keep up with people you already know. They have the app working (which required hacking into the already popular social networking sites for personal data), but they need an angel -- someone to invest some cash in their dream. They target George Murcheson, an investor who has passed on the likes of Facebook, Foursquare and Pinterest. Unable to get an appointment with the man, they crash his party and demo their app, which his investment adviser proclaims a stalker's dream. Murcheson's money could make or break the guys' futures. Raunchy, and with a lot of emphasis on sex and drugs, this Amazon original is not for the younger crowd, but offers grown-ups a look inside the workings of Silicon Valley and the roller-coaster ride of the start-up.
1412	Last Tango In Halifax	Last Tango In Halifax	Drama	none	Celia and Alan are both widowed and in their seventies. When their respective grandsons put their details on Facebook, they rediscover a passionate relationship that started over sixty years ago.
1412	Last Tango In Halifax	Episode 1	Drama	none	Alan and Celia, both widowed and in their seventies, rekindle a passionate relationship that fate stole from them over sixty years ago. But how will their respective families like it?
1412	Last Tango In Halifax	Episode 2	Drama	none	Celia and Alan decide to buy an extravagant sports car instead of an engagement ring. They throw an engagement party at the farm, which descends into chaos for both families.
1412	Last Tango In Halifax	Episode 3	Drama	none	Celia and Alan's search for a wedding venue leaves them trapped in a haunted medieval mansion. Caroline and John have a spectacular fight in the garden, and Raff moves out of the farm and Paul moves in.
1412	Last Tango In Halifax	Episode 4	Drama	none	Caroline and Gillian become unexpectedly close when Alan and Celia go missing all night during a thunderstorm. Robbie does what he can to help find them, and John finds out that Caroline's been seeing someone else.
1412	Last Tango In Halifax	Episode 5	Drama	none	Alan finds it hard to choose his best man. Caroline and Gillian discover they were born on the same day. Their respective birthday celebrations descend into emotional chaos when Caroline and Kate are outed by John.
1412	Last Tango In Halifax	Episode 6	Drama	none	Gillian and Robbie grow closer while Alan calls the wedding off, in an emotional conclusion to the series. But can Celia rise to the occasion, face her demons and get Alan back?
1412	Last Tango In Halifax	Episode 1	Drama	none	As Alan and Celia seize the day, Gillian finds herself spiralling into a dark place as skeletons surface. Caroline's fractious relationship with John leads her to rethink living arrangements as she makes a bold decision involving Kate.
1412	Last Tango In Halifax	Episode 2	Drama	none	Alan and Celia's first day as man and wife is filled with tension. A new arrival surprises everyone, most of all Gillian. Caroline finds a way to buy John out of the house, but will Kate's desire to have a baby threaten their relationship?
1412	Last Tango In Halifax	Episode 3	Drama	none	Gillian is devastated when Celia inadvertently reveals a huge personal secret she has kept since she was fifteen. Alan and Gillian's already fractious relationship suffers as he distances himself from her further. Kate is made to feel awkward around Lawrence, who finds his mum's new relationship difficult to accept.
1412	Last Tango In Halifax	Episode 4	Drama	none	Sad news inspires Alan and Celia to have another wedding ceremony attended by all of their family and friends. Caroline whisks Kate off on a romantic weekend, but a disagreement threatens to end the relationship. Just as Gillian and Robbie are back on friendlier terms, a revelation from Judith changes everything.
1412	Last Tango In Halifax	Episode 5	Drama	none	Celia reluctantly introduces Alan to her sister, Muriel. Caroline is stunned to learn that Kate is pregnant and receives a further blow from John when he comes with news. A drunk Gillian shares a dark, sinister secret with Caroline.
1412	Last Tango In Halifax	Episode 6	Drama	none	A surprise visitor makes Alan's day. Caroline promises to keep Gillian's formidable secret, as long as she steers clear of Robbie. Kate's gesture at Alan and Celia's wedding stuns both Caroline and the crowd.
1412	Last Tango In Halifax	Episode 1	Drama	none	An unexpected visitor forces Alan to think about his past. Gillian and Caroline are anxious - his decision to keep his secret from Celia is sure to backfire. Meanwhile Caroline and a heavily pregnant Kate set a date for their wedding.
1412	Last Tango In Halifax	Episode 2	Drama	none	Alan finally lets Celia into his secret about Gary but is saddened when Celia punishes Caroline on her wedding day for his mistake. Meanwhile, Gillian loses her job after a humiliating visit from Cheryl.
1412	Last Tango In Halifax	Episode 3	Drama	none	Celia builds bridges with Alan and accepts Gary into her life despite her initial reservations. Although things with Caroline are still fraught, when she receives some devastating news Celia doesn't hesitate to stand by her side.
1412	Last Tango In Halifax	Episode 4	Drama	none	Caroline's overwhelmed at the prospect of looking after baby Flora on her own until a stranger walks into her life who may be the answer to her prayers. Meanwhile Raff is delighted at the news that his mum and uncle are getting wed.
1412	Last Tango In Halifax	Episode 5	Drama	none	Caroline's relieved to find that Greg is a natural with Flora and a positive influence on Lawrence. Alan begins to distance himself from Gary while Gillian discovers that their private family matter has just gone public.
1412	Last Tango In Halifax	Episode 6	Drama	none	It's the day of Gillian's wedding, but things don't go as planned as Caroline gets to the heart of why Gillian is avoiding it. With Celia's encouragement, Alan takes the first step towards forgiving Gary.
1413	Our World War	Our World War	War	10.0	Tense combat drama series revealing experiences of British soldiers in World War One.
1413	Our World War	The First Day	War	10.0	UUsing personal accounts from the 4th Battalion The Royal Fusiliers, the show tells the story of a single company of riflemen and machine gunners as they take part in the opening battle of the war against the German army.
1413	Our World War	Pals	War	10.0	In 1916, Paddy finds himself immersed in two battles - one against the enemy - the Germans, but also a battle against a system that is demanding he kills one of his closest friends.
1413	Our World War	War Machine	War	10.0	An account of a soldiers time during the Battle of Amiens in August 1918, the show follows a tank commander on the frontline.
1415	Heroes Reborn	Heroes Reborn	Drama	9.4	The saga behind the 2006 breakout series Heroes continues as creator Tim Kring returns to the fold and develops new layers to his original superhero concept. This highly anticipated 13-episode miniseries will reconnect with the basic elements of the show's first season where ordinary people were waking up to the fact that they had extraordinary abilities. This series will be preceded by a new digital series that will introduce audiences to the new characters and storylines that will take the "Heroes" phenomenon to new places.
1415	Heroes Reborn	Brave New World	Drama	9.4	"Evos" and humans attempt to join together... but an act of terrorism kills thousands and sets humans against the superpowered among them. One year later, Noah Bennet is drawn back into the fray as a new breed of Heroes emerge.
1415	Heroes Reborn	Odessa	Drama	9.4	Noah bails Quentin out of jail to find out what he knows about the June 13 incident. Meanwhile, Joanne and Luke escape the cell that Tommy sent them to, Brad asks Tommy for a favor, and Miko meets her father in the VR realm.
1415	Heroes Reborn	Under The Mask	Drama	9.4	Erica reveals how far she will go to protect the world from Evos; Tommy shares his ability with Emily; Noah and Quentin continue their quest for the truth; an invisible force guides Malina.
1418	Tiny House Nation	Tiny House Nation	DIY	none	In "Tiny House Nation", renovation experts and hosts, John Weisbarth and Zack Giffin, travel across America to show off ingenious small spaces and the inventive people who live in them, as well as help new families design and construct their own mini-dream home in a space no larger than 500 square feet. From a micro-apartment in New York City to a caboose car turned home in Montana to a micro-sized mobile home for road tripping – this is a series that celebrates the exploding movement of tiny homes. From pricey to budget friendly, "Tiny House Nation" is not a typical design show, but one that proves size doesn't always matter – it's creativity that counts.
1418	Tiny House Nation	180 Sq. Ft. Tiny Lighthouse	DIY	none	Lauren and Liam want their already small life to become even smaller by building a nautically inspired tiny house.
1418	Tiny House Nation	180 Sq. Ft. Backpack House	DIY	none	Justin and Melissa are teachers who want a home that can connect them with the outdoors and serve as a base for the business.
1422	Arctic Air	Arctic Air	Drama	8.0	ARCTIC AIR is a one-hour adventure series set in the booming Arctic, about a maverick airline and the unconventional family who runs it. That world is Yellowknife, and the High Arctic that lies beyond. The vast terrain and unforgiving climate mean the stakes are sky-high. This is life without a safety net.
1425	Our Zoo	Our Zoo	Drama	8.0	Drama series based on the true story of the Mottershead family who, in the face of staunch opposition and huge personal sacrifice, founded Chester Zoo in the 1930s.
1425	Our Zoo	Episode 1	Drama	8.0	George attempts to build his dream - a zoo without bars.
1425	Our Zoo	Episode 2	Drama	8.0	George attempts to rescue two Himalayan black bears from a cave in Matlock.
1425	Our Zoo	Episode 3	Drama	8.0	The family confront a barrage of hostility from the residents of Upton.
1425	Our Zoo	Episode 4	Drama	8.0	The Mottersheads must hastily organise a benefit to raise money after a bear escape.
1425	Our Zoo	Episode 5	Drama	8.0	George ventures to London for one last attempt to get planning permission.
1425	Our Zoo	Episode 6	Drama	8.0	The Mottersheads prepare for the appeal that will decide the fate of the zoo.
1426	Iris	Iris	Drama	none	Seven-part drama series about the lone female veterinarian Iris de Weerdt, who in her hometown, the rural village Rodenburg, has to deal with rural intolerance and misunderstanding.
1427	Athena Goddess of War	Athena Goddess of War	Drama	8.5	"Athena: Goddess of War" (taken after the mythological goddess of war) is a spin-off of the 2009 KBS2 drama "IRIS" with new characters.
1428	Iris	Iris	Drama	8.3	Two elite National Security System (NSS) agents, Hyeong-Jun and Sa-Woo who were sworn blood brothers, both fall for fellow agent Seung-Hee. Sa-Woo attempts to suppress his feelings for Seung-Hee and wishes the couple the best.
1433	War And Remembrance	War And Remembrance	Drama	8.0	Filmed on location in ten countries, this extraordinary production is the largest and most ambitious undertaking in television and motion picture history. Featuring an all-star cast and spectacular reenactments of the Allied invasions at Normandy and the Philippines, Herman Wouk s classic novel is brought to life in an award-winning mini-series that vividly recreates one of history s most unforgettable chapters.
1435	The Winds Of War	The Winds Of War	Drama	8.0	The Winds of War captures the world changing events leading up to WWII and the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941.
1436	The Game	The Game	Drama	7.0	In the secret world of espionage, the players are set and the fight to save Britain begins. A complex invisible war is being fought by skilled spies trained in the high stakes world of covert espionage. In 1972 London, tensions are at a terrifying peak as the world's super powers plot against their enemies. The threat: a dangerous and deadly Soviet plot, designed to bring Britain to its knees, dubbed Operation Glass. This is where The Game begins – a stylish, character-driven spy drama that explores the lives and lies of the invisible soldiers fighting a secret war.
1437	Death in Paradise	Death in Paradise	Crime	8.8	Detective Inspector Richard Poole is transferred to Sainte Marie, an island in the Caribbean. Totally unsuited to the Caribbean way of life, Richard hates the sun, sea and sand and isn't used to the Sainte Marie style of policing. Working with the exotic Camille each week Richard investigates intricate and intriguing murders.
1437	Death in Paradise	Death in Paradise	Crime	8.8	When a British policeman is found murdered in a locked room on the tiny paradise island of Sainte-Marie, Detective Inspector Richard Poole is sent to investigate. He's the perfect man to solve the case. Unfortunately for Richard, he hates sun, sea and sand...
1437	Death in Paradise	Wicked Wedding Night	Crime	8.8	As DI Richard Poole desperately searches for a decent cup of tea, a bride is murdered on her wedding day. It is a tragedy DS Camille Bordey cannot help but notice, whilst Richard is more interested in housekeeping signs... But who would kill a bride on her wedding day? Could it really be one of her family?
1437	Death in Paradise	Predicting Murder	Crime	8.8	When a woman not only predicts her own murder but also gives a description of the murderer, it all feels too easy for DI Richard Poole. Can a case from the past help solve the present day murder? And more importantly, can Richard convince the team that it has nothing to do with voodoo spirits?
1437	Death in Paradise	Missing a Body?	Crime	8.8	A confession of murder proves problematic for DI Richard Poole and the team when a wife admits to killing her husband but the body is nowhere to be found. Can Richard solve the mystery? And could his feelings be clouding his judgment?
1437	Death in Paradise	Spot the Difference	Crime	8.8	A murder investigation becomes more than personal for Richard when the victim is murdered while handcuffed to him. With his job on the line, he needs all his British rigour and stoutest brogues to get to the heart of the Paradise Beach mystery.
1437	Death in Paradise	An Unhelpful Aid	Crime	8.8	With Richard struck down by a tropical disease and Camille in Paris, it is left to Dwayne and Fidel to solve the apparently impossible murder of a local diver. As if their job isn't tough enough, they also have to contend with holidaying British cop DS Angela Young, who proves to be even more annoying than Richard.
1437	Death in Paradise	Music of Murder	Crime	8.8	Richard sees the dark side of show business when a comeback concert ends in the most public of murders. If sun, sea and sand were not bad enough, he now has to conquer his fear of snakes to find the elusive killer.
1437	Death in Paradise	Amongst Us	Crime	8.8	Dwayne ends up embroiled in a murder investigation when a piece of incriminating evidence is found at the scene of the crime. Can Richard solve the case and meet a deadline that means he will finally get what he wants - a return home?
1437	Death in Paradise	A Murder on the Plantation	Crime	8.8	DI Richard Poole struggles to muster that loving feeling for the local voodoo festival celebrating romance and friendship. However, an understanding of the nature of love, friendship and the ties that bind, proves vital in solving a mysterious murder at a local sugar plantation.
1437	Death in Paradise	An Unholy Death	Crime	8.8	DI Richard Poole is perplexed by a fatal fire at the island convent. Will he and his team manage to unravel the many mysteries at the heart of this seemingly-impossible murder? And will DS Bordey get to the root of the inspector's nun phobia?
1437	Death in Paradise	Death in the Clinic	Crime	8.8	DI Richard Poole and his colleagues are baffled by an apparent suicide at an exclusive plastic surgery clinic. Richard is determined to prove that Valerie Dupree was murdered, but with a lack of evidence, and motive, will he and his team be able to find the culprit before they're out of time?
1437	Death in Paradise	A Deadly Curse	Crime	8.8	Camille attempts to persuade Richard to take an interest in the history and folklore of Saint Marie. Richard remains focused on work, but can an ancient legend help him and the team explain a mysterious double murder and a series of strange happenings in the tropical jungle?
1437	Death in Paradise	Murder Onboard	Crime	8.8	The pressure is on for DI Richard Poole and his team to solve an audacious murder carried out in the presence of DS Bordey on a Caribbean party boat. Emotions are running high - can the inspector crack the case? And will he manage to make an emotional gesture to comfort his grieving friend?
1437	Death in Paradise	A Dash of Sunshine	Crime	8.8	There is an unwelcome blast from the past for DI Richard Poole when a former colleague turns up in Saint Marie. Will an extra detective on the Caribbean island prove to be a help to Richard and the team as they try to explain a seemingly random killing, or a hindrance?
1437	Death in Paradise	A Stormy Occurrence	Crime	8.8	A storm is brewing as a hurricane heads for Saint Marie. Is the storm to blame for a death at the university, or is something more sinister afoot? DI Richard Poole learns that he cannot fight the weather but, with DS Bordey and the team, will he manage to stop a murderer in their tracks?
1437	Death in Paradise	A Deadly Party	Crime	8.8	When a philanthropist is murdered in broad daylight at a charity fundraiser, DI Poole and his colleagues find themselves up against a daring and elusive opponent. Can the team catch the killer before the trail goes cold, or will this be the case that defeats Richard and sends him back to the UK?
1437	Death in Paradise	Death of a Detective	Crime	8.8	A university reunion party that DI Richard Poole is attending is brought to an abrupt halt when one of the group is murdered with an ice pick. With the case proving particularly sensitive, a new British detective, DI Humphrey Goodman, arrives on the island to help the team get to the bottom of the mysterious case. As the station's newest recruit with his own set of methods, will Humphrey be able to adjust to his new team and surroundings?
1437	Death in Paradise	The Wrong Man	Crime	8.8	When DI Humphrey Goodman and his team are called to investigate a murder on a film set, they are left baffled when they realise the wrong person has been killed. The team have to work fast to solve the case before the murderer strikes again.
1437	Death in Paradise	An Artistic Murder	Crime	8.8	The murder of a local gigolo brings DI Goodman and his team into contact with the social elite of Saint Marie. The case proves particularly hard-hitting for Fidel, as the death of his old school friend forces him to face up to some past mistakes.
1437	Death in Paradise	Ye of Little Faith	Crime	8.8	DI Goodman and his team are introduced to the jet-setting world of airline pilots and cabin crew when an air stewardess is discovered poisoned in her hotel bedroom. Will Humphrey and his team manage to unravel the mysteries at the heart of this seemingly impossible murder?
1437	Death in Paradise	Political Suicide	Crime	8.8	DI Goodman and his team are drawn into the world of politics when Saint-Marie's commerce minister is discovered dead. Out of the blue, Camille's father turns out to have a link to the victim, and she is forced to confront the fact that her dad could be the murderer.
1437	Death in Paradise	The Early Bird	Crime	8.8	When a birdwatcher is discovered murdered in the Saint-Marie jungle, the team have a particularly puzzling conundrum to solve. Is the traditionally quiet and calm world of birdwatching more cut-throat than it appears?
1437	Death in Paradise	The Man With the Golden Gun	Crime	8.8	A murder on a privately-owned island means DI Goodman and the team are cut off from the mainland when a storm comes in. As night descends and the team find themselves locked in a house with a killer, can they solve the mystery before the murderer strikes again?
1437	Death in Paradise	Rue Morgue	Crime	8.8	When an elderly resident at a retirement home appears to have committed suicide, the team are on a mission to prove it was murder. Humphrey is surprised when his wife pays an unexpected visit to the island and suggests they give their marriage a second chance.
1437	Death in Paradise	Stab in the Dark	Crime	8.8	When the owner of a rum distillery is murdered during a seance, all the clues point to the prime suspect being a ghost. With DI Humphrey Goodman and his team a man down, Commissioner Selwyn steps in to help them look for a more earth-bound killer.
1437	Death in Paradise	Hidden Secrets	Crime	8.8	The team enters the world of surfing when DI Goodman is convinced that there's more to the murder of a surf instructor than meets the eye. Dwayne works hard to impress the new sergeant.
1437	Death in Paradise	Damned If You Do...	Crime	8.8	A death in the Saint Marie Heritage Society suggests that this cosy group could be less amicable than it seems. DI Goodman tries to stay focused on the job while wrestling with his feelings for Camille.
1437	Death in Paradise	Until Death Do You Part	Crime	8.8	When a bride-to-be is killed on the last night of her hen party, DI Goodman tries to unravel a seemingly impossible murder. Meanwhile Camille has a big decision to make.
1437	Death in Paradise	Swimming in Murder	Crime	8.8	The team is introduced to the crazy world of rock and roll when the lead singer of a band is murdered on Saint Marie. Can DI Goodman keep control of the unruly suspects for long enough to solve the crime?
1437	Death in Paradise	The Perfect Murder	Crime	8.8	As Saint Marie celebrates getting through to the finals of the Inter-Island Volleyball Championships, DI Goodman and the team are under pressure to solve the murder of a player, while Commissioner Selwyn squares up to an old nemesis.
1437	Death in Paradise	She Was Murdered Twice	Crime	8.8	DI Goodman is embroiled in the cut-throat world of corporate team building when an entrepreneur is killed, but a surprise revelation from one of the suspects threatens to derail the investigation.
1437	Death in Paradise	Unlike Father, Unlike Son	Crime	8.8	When a prisoner is killed in their custody, DI Goodman and the team are under pressure to solve the case quickly. Humphrey's father visits Saint Marie intent on meddling in his son's life.
1440	Tokyo Ghoul	Tokyo Ghoul	Anime	none	The story follows Ken Kaneki, a college student who meets a woman named Rize Kamishiro at Anteiku, a coffee shop. They share an interest in literature and plan a date. While walking Rize home, Ken is attacked by her. Rize reveals that she is a ghoul, a human-like creature that hunts and devours human flesh. As she is about to finish him off, she is crushed by a falling platform. Kaneki is taken to the hospital in critical condition. The doctor decides to transplant Rize's organs into Ken. He then must deal with life as a half-human/half-ghoul, including interacting with ghoul society and its conflicting factions, while striving to keep his identity secret from other humans.
1441	Aldnoah.Zero	Aldnoah.Zero	Action	none	In 1972, the Apollo 17 mission discovered a hypergate to Mars on the surface of the moon. Soon a war breaks out between Earth and Mars, and Martian soldiers begin to descend from the sky, riding steel giants, intent on exterminating humanity.
1442	The Returned	The Returned	Drama	7.1	The Returned focuses on a small town that is turned upside down when several local people who have been long presumed dead suddenly reappear, having not aged and unaware of their own fatality. As they attempt to resume their lives, strange phenomena and gruesome murders begin to occur. The Returned takes an incredibly unique approach, filled with suspense and twists and turns, to the subject of the living dead.
1442	The Returned	Camille	Drama	7.1	A small town is turned upside down in the opener of this series, in which people who were thought to be dead suddenly reappear.
1442	The Returned	Simon	Drama	7.1	Simon pursues Rowan; Tommy investigates a brutal attack.
1442	The Returned	Julie	Drama	7.1	Jack and Claire want to move in order for Camille to avoid a life of hiding, but in the meantime she pretends to be a cousin to get out of the house. Elsewhere, Lena discovers a mysterious scar on her back; and Victor has a run-in with a nosy neighbor.
1442	The Returned	Victor	Drama	7.1	Camille is accused of hurting Lena, who is rushed to the hospital because of her scar; Rowan grows closer to Simon and discovers Tommy has an obsessive secret; Julie has reason to believe Victor was possibly involved in a horrific death.
1442	The Returned	Tony And Adam	Drama	7.1	Julie and Nikki come together to look for Victor after he disappears from the community center; Tony makes a confession that has a profound impact on Adam; and Helen suspects the town may be evil.
1442	The Returned	Lucy	Drama	7.1	Lucy recovers from the stabbing, but perhaps irrevocably changed by the experience; Claire and Jack scramble to find Lena as she receives help from Adam; and Peter makes a frightening confession to Victor.
1442	The Returned	Rowan	Drama	7.1	Camille opens up to the parents of the support group and tries to help them; Victor comes between Julie and Nikki; Rowan lashes out at Simon and makes a surprising choice.
1442	The Returned	Claire	Drama	7.1	Claire's secret is revealed; Lena returns home; police arrest the suspected killer who makes a full confession; Victor goes to extreme lengths to protect Julie; Camille learns the horrifying consequences of her attempt to help.
1442	The Returned	Helen	Drama	7.1	Someone unexpectedly shows up and puts Chloe in danger; Peter makes a startling announcement; and Helen sets her deadly plan for the town in motion.
1442	The Returned	Peter	Drama	7.1	Rowan and Tommy's celebration is overshadowed by a mysterious premonition; Julie makes Victor face his tragic past; Camille realizes she will never be normal; and Helen's plan meets a mysterious end.
1445	Worlds Funniest Fails	Worlds Funniest Fails	Comedy	none	An irreverent one-hour series, WORLD'S FUNNIEST FAILS is inspired by the hit YouTube channel, FailArmy, which showcases the best "epic fail" viral videos in the most entertaining ways possible. Each week a panel of celebrities and comedians will analyze the videos which have exploded across the internet, with the goal of awarding one with the ultimate "Fail of the Week."
1447	Nazi Mega Weapons	Nazi Mega Weapons	War	8.0	In the quest for world domination, the Nazis built some of the biggest and deadliest pieces of military hardware and malevolent technology in history. With brilliant, dark minds and a legion of captive labor at their disposal, the Nazis believed the path to ultimate victory was to out-build and out-engineer their enemies. To them, bigger definitely meant better, and better meant more lethal. As Hitler's grip on Europe tightened, he ordered men like Wernher von Braun, Ferdinand Porsche and Alfried Krupp to build increasingly outlandish machines and structures to realize his master plan. This is World War II told from a new perspective. This series uncovers the engineering secrets of three iconic mega structures, tells the stories of the evil geniuses that designed them and reveals how these structures sparked a technological revolution that changed warfare forever.
1447	Nazi Mega Weapons	Atlantic Wall	War	8.0	Uncover the engineering secrets that sparked a technological revolution, changing warfare forever.
1447	Nazi Mega Weapons	U-boat Pens	War	8.0	Examine the impenetrable submarine pens the Nazis built to protect U-boats from Allied attacks.
1447	Nazi Mega Weapons	V2	War	8.0	See how von Braun heralded the birth of ballistic missiles and laid foundations for the space race.
1447	Nazi Mega Weapons	Super Tanks	War	8.0	Learn about the Nazi engineers tasked with achieving Hitler's dream of creating super-heavy tanks.
1447	Nazi Mega Weapons	Jet Fighter Me262	War	8.0	Explore the most technologically advanced plane of WWII, the Messerschmitt Me262 fighter jet.
1447	Nazi Mega Weapons	Fortress Berlin	War	8.0	Learn why all of Berlin was tuned into a fortress during the final days of the Third Reich.
1447	Nazi Mega Weapons	V1: Hitler's Vengeance Missile	War	8.0	Investigate the development of a Nazi terror machine: the world's first cruise missile.
1447	Nazi Mega Weapons	The Wolf's Lair	War	8.0	Learn about the vast, secret headquarters at the heart of Hitler's plans for world domination. http://pressroom.pbs.org/Programs/n/NAZI-MEGAWEAPONS.aspx.
1447	Nazi Mega Weapons	The SS	War	8.0	Learn how Hitler's body guard grows into a machine that controls of every aspect of the Third Reich.
1447	Nazi Mega Weapons	Hitler's Megaships	War	8.0	See Hitler's ultimate status symbol - bigger, more powerful and more heavily armored battleships.
1447	Nazi Mega Weapons	The Siegfried Line	War	8.0	The Siegfried Line, a Nazi fortification system in western Germany that spanned some 350 miles, is recalled. It took Allied forces six months and almost 140,000 casualties to break through it.
1451	A Place To Call Home	A Place To Call Home	Drama	10.0	From the creator of Packed to the Rafters comes the sweeping and romantic drama A Place To Call Home. It tells the story of a mysterious woman perched between the harsh legacy of World War II and the hope of a new life in Australia and of a wealthy family forced by her to embrace the winds of social change.
1451	A Place To Call Home	No Secrets, Ever	Drama	10.0	Olivia worries about James' treatment and Bert's killer is revealed.
1451	A Place To Call Home	I Believe	Drama	10.0	Jack is astounded when Carolyn reveals the identity of their daughter to be Anna Bligh.
1451	A Place To Call Home	A Kiss To Build A Dream On	Drama	10.0	The engagement party is a great success, complete with a bush ballad from Roy and the Hokey Pokey - a sharp contrast to the usual stuffy social gatherings at Ash Park.
1451	A Place To Call Home	What Your Heart Says	Drama	10.0	Sarah is horrified when she sees James' state in hospital.
1451	A Place To Call Home	The Ghosts of Christmas Past	Drama	10.0	As Christmas approaches, the inhabitants of Ash Park are haunted by memories of Christmas' past.
1451	A Place To Call Home	Auld Lang Syne	Drama	10.0	The New Years Honours List gives Elizabeth the perfect reason to bring forward the social event, designed to socially humiliate Sarah.
1451	A Place To Call Home	No Other Love	Drama	10.0	Sarah and George's happiness is short-lived when they are faced with Regina's bombshell – proof that Sarah's husband Rene is still alive!
1451	A Place To Call Home	Answer Me, My Love	Drama	10.0	Sarah arrives in Paris to try to forge a connection with her husband Rene, who carries immense scars, both physical and psychological.
1451	A Place To Call Home	I Do, I Do	Drama	10.0	Anna and Gino have a beautiful wedding and finally become husband and wife.
1451	A Place To Call Home	Unforgettable	Drama	10.0	Rene suspects he is standing in the way of Sarah's happiness and Regina sets her sights on becoming the Mistress of Ash Park.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Science-Fiction	7.3	Blast off with every groundbreaking episode of the action-packed sci-fi adventure, Buck Rogers in the 25th Century! Join legendary intergalactic crimefighters William "Buck" Rogers and Colonel Wilma Deering as they lead the crew of the starship Searcher against a galaxy of evil from the past, present and faraway future. This must-own five-disc collection presents the entire Buck Rogers series and original theatrical pilot on DVD for the first time ever. Thrill to the epic sci-fi hit that the Associated Press called "razzle-dazzle good fun."
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Awakening (1)	Science-Fiction	7.3	Captain Buck Rogers awakens in the year 2491 after 500 years in cryogenic suspension only to be captured by forces from the Draconian realm.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Awakening (2)	Science-Fiction	7.3	Buck infiltrates the Draconian flagship to discover their plans.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Planet of the Slave Girls (1)	Science-Fiction	7.3	Buck, Wilma, Doctor Huer and Doctor Theopolis investigate a rash of illness that has incapacitated thousands of New Chicagoans. Eventually, they discover the cause: poisoned food discs. That discovery leads them to the remote agricultural planet Vistula, where a sinister demagogue's plans for Earth unfold...
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Planet of the Slave Girls (2)	Science-Fiction	7.3	Buck and Wilma discover that Kaleel, a demagogue with strange powers, plans to destroy the Earth with his own small fleet of spacecraft. Normally such a plan would be pure folly, but Kaleel has incapacitated most of Earth's defense force with poisoned food. However, Kaleel's own forces have a crucial weakness that Buck believes he can exploit to defeat them, even with a handful of barely capable flies of his own.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Vegas in Space	Science-Fiction	7.3	Falina Redding accidentally sees a computer readout she shouldn't. The codes could cripple three quarters of her boss Amos Armat's illegal operations. So naturally, his deadly enemy Morgan Velosi wants those codes - so much that he has Falina kidnapped and taken to his private pleasure city of Sinaloa, where memory expert Carl Morphus will obtain the codes. Armat can't touch her there, so Armat offers the Earth Defense Directorate an unusual trade: if they can rescue Falina, he'll turn himself and evidence of his illegal operations over to them. But why is he so invested in the life of one employee?
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	The Plot to Kill a City (1)	Science-Fiction	7.3	Some time ago, Earth Defense Directorate agents killed Morgan Deneva, a member of the deadly Legion of Death. These assassins have sworn revenge, and with their brains and unusual abilities, they might well manage it. So Buck goes undercover as Raphael Argus, a killer whom the Legion was on the cusp of inducting, but whose face is unfamiliar to them. His job is to infiltrate them and learn what they're planning. But they have a spy in the Directorate whose inside information might end Buck's imposture rather... abruptly...
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	The Plot to Kill a City (2)	Science-Fiction	7.3	The Legion's plan stands revealed. Criminal mastermind Seton Kellogg has devised a means of sabotaging the contra-terrine generating plant that supplies New Chicago with power. Mostly automated, the plant is well-equipped with defenses to prevent exactly this sort of event, but Kellogg's tactical genius and the powers of each member of his lethal fraternity can overcome these, or so he believes. Buck must return to Earth and prevent the Legion from carrying out mass murder. But when he arrives, he discovers them fleeing, having already managed their sabotage...
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Return of the Fighting 69th	Science-Fiction	7.3	Commander Corliss and Roxanne Trent lead a criminal organization holed up in the Necrosis asteroid belt. No one can reach them there because no one knows how to enter except them - and an old fighter pilot Wilma forced out of service for medical reasons. When Corliss steals a quantity of nerve gas slated for destruction, reaching him becomes essential. He plans to release the gas in Earth's atmosphere: revenge for his maiming during a narrow escape from Earth forces. Wilma must ask a man she recently described as inadequate for help.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Unchained Woman	Science-Fiction	7.3	Mallory Pantera has managed to nearly strangle Earth trade in his sector, due to an almost uncanny knowledge of the schedules. His imprisoned former girlfriend Jen Burton might know how he has achieved this, so Buck goes undercover into a high security prison run by androids to break her out and return her to Earth. He manages the breakout, but discovers she's still loyal to Pantera. And, a murderous android named Hugo follows the pair, determined to kill them for engineering the breakout. Even if they make it to the rendezvous, Pantera plans to kill Burton to keep her from betraying him...
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Planet of the Amazon Women	Science-Fiction	7.3	The planet Zantia has a secret: most of its men are gone! The prime minister has passed a law legalizing the kidnapping of men for sale to women as mates! A man named Cassius Thorne and his two associates lures Buck there with a phony distress signal - the latest of his captures. It seems most of the Zantian men are prisoners of the Ruathans, with whom they fought a war. That's a problem, because Earth is presently locked in tense, failing negotiations with Ruathan ambuquad ambassador Mr. Devronin - Ruatha is Earth's chief source of the rare mineral barbasite. So when Buck becomes involved in a Zantian plot to kidnap Devronin, Wilma must stop him...
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Cosmic Wiz Kid	Science-Fiction	7.3	Roderick Zale specializes in political kidnappings. His latest is eleven year old Genesian President Hieronymus Fox. Initially, Earth authorities refuse the Genesian request for help, as there are no formal treaties between Earth and Genesia. It turns out that Fox is from the twentieth century - a child genius who froze himself when he saw the calamity coming, and was looted by aliens and passed from planet to planet. Genesia wants him back, but is afraid the Earth will demand his repatriation.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Escape From Wedded Bliss	Science-Fiction	7.3	A mysterious pyramid assumes orbit about Earth and fires a beam of energy that hits well outside of New Chicago - and nevertheless shakes the city! It is part of Princess Ardala's latest assault on Earth. This time, she demands that Buck Rogers marry her, as part of her ascension to the Draconian throne! With the fate of Earth's cities on the line, Buck may not have a choice - unless he can convince a hermit to teach him what he must know to find the weapon's control center aboard Ardala's ship.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Cruise Ship to the Stars	Science-Fiction	7.3	Buck escorts Miss Cosmos, a woman as close to genetically perfect as has yet been discovered, on a cruise. But a pair of thieves has also boarded, and they intend to kidnap Miss Cosmos and dissect her into nice, marketable bits of genetic material. They make one attempt that nearly succeeds, revealing that one of them possesses dangerous abilities that will test Buck's defensive and security planning skills.On board a luxury space yacht. Buck must protect Miss Cosmos, a genetically perfect woman, from a mysterious kidnapper who can emit deadly bolts of energy.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Space Vampire	Science-Fiction	7.3	A cargo ship passes through the stargate and collides with Delta Station. All her crew are dead, and the station's physician suspects the dangerous virus EL7, which numbers hallucinations among its symptoms. So when Wilma begins to feel stalked, the commander assumes she's just getting sick. The truth turns out to be far worse.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Happy Birthday, Buck	Science-Fiction	7.3	Buck has been moping about, pining for the Earth he once knew and can never know again. So when Twiki suggests a surprise birthday party, Dr. Huer and Wilma agree. Their problem then becomes how to get Buck out of his apartment while they set it up. That proves easy enough when the Security Directorate sends a courier for Dr. Huer's itinerary: they ask Buck to escort her back to the Directorate, which is concerned about a possible threat to Huer's life. But the threat is very real and the source of it a very bitter and dangerous man, who has been cooped up in prison underground for nearly fifteen years - and blames Huer for it!
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	A Blast for Buck	Science-Fiction	7.3	A mysterious probe materializes on Dr. Huer's desk, and beams a message into his computer - an old Earth style limerick with vaguely sinister overtones. Buck experiences flashbacks (this is a clip show) as he undergoes a psyche-probe to determine which of the many criminals from his past might be hatching a new scheme for revenge.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Ardala Returns	Science-Fiction	7.3	Princess Ardala returns with another plan to snare the man from the 20th Century. This time, she captures Buck by luring him aboard a phoney 20th Century spaceship like his Ranger III. Once aboard the flagship Draconia, Kane creates four duplicate androids of Buck in an attempt to have them pilot the Draconian Hatchet fighters in an attack against Earth.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Twiki is Missing	Science-Fiction	7.3	A mine owner steals Twiki in order to clone him for use in his mines. Wilma struggles moving an iceberg through space.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Olympiad	Science-Fiction	7.3	Buck is invited to the Intergalactic Olympic games as an honored guest and gets involved in an athlete's attempt to defect to New Chicago.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	A Dream of Jennifer	Science-Fiction	7.3	Buck sees a woman that looks like the girlfriend he left behind in the 20th century. He manages to track her down but is unprepared for what he finds.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Space Rockers	Science-Fiction	7.3	The evil Lars Mangros plans to broadcast a subliminal signal during the next performance of the rock group Andromeda that will cause the youth of the galaxy to riot. Buck infiltrates Musicworld, where the broadcast will originate, in an attempt to stop the madman from destroying the galaxy's cities.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Buck's Duel to the Death	Science-Fiction	7.3	Buck attempts to free a peaceful planet from the powerful grip of an evil warlord known as the Traybor. He leads a band of men into Traybor's fortress in the hope of freeing the women the alien has kidnapped, but Traybor has a few special powers that may end Buck's career at any moment.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Flight of the War Witch (1)	Science-Fiction	7.3	Buck journeys through a space warp into another universe, where he discovers that the peaceful planet Pendar is being threatened by the sinister war witch Zarina. The Pendarans enlist the aid of Buck and Princess Ardala, who had followed Buck through the space warp, and an unsteady alliance between the humans and Draconians is formed as Buck leads a combined fleet against Zarina's battlecruiser.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Flight of the War Witch (2)	Science-Fiction	7.3	Buck journeys through a space warp into another universe, where he discovers that the peaceful planet Pendar is being threatened by the sinister war witch Zarina. The Pendarans enlist the aid of Buck and Princess Ardala, who had followed Buck through the space warp, and an unsteady alliance between the humans and Draconians is formed as Buck leads a combined fleet against Zarina's battlecruiser.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Time of the Hawk (1)	Science-Fiction	7.3	Buck, Wilma, and Twiki set off into deep space aboard the Searcher, a starship on a mission to find the lost tribes of Earth -- humans who fled to the stars after a nuclear holocaust that all but destroyed the planet. The Searcher encounters a severely-damaged spacecraft with one survivor, who tells them of a savage attack by a bird-man named Hawk. Searcher sets course for the planet where it is believed Hawk lives, and Buck soon becomes involved in a desperate battle of wits and piloting skills with Hawk. Hawk's mate, who was a passenger in Hawk's ship, is mortally wounded in the battle and Buck and Hawk form a shaky alliance to seek medical aid for her. Eventually, Hawk joins the crew of the Searcher, looking for others of his kind.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Time of the Hawk (2)	Science-Fiction	7.3	Buck, Wilma, and Twiki set off into deep space aboard the Searcher, a starship on a mission to find the lost tribes of Earth -- humans who fled to the stars after a nuclear holocaust that all but destroyed the planet. The Searcher encounters a severely-damaged spacecraft with one survivor, who tells them of a savage attack by a bird-man named Hawk. Searcher sets course for the planet where it is believed Hawk lives, and Buck soon becomes involved in a desperate battle of wits and piloting skills with Hawk. Hawk's mate, who was a passenger in Hawk's ship, is mortally wounded in the battle and Buck and Hawk form a shaky alliance to seek medical aid for her. Eventually, Hawk joins the crew of the Searcher, looking for others of his kind.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Journey to Oasis (1)	Science-Fiction	7.3	Hawk's first mission among the humans is to join Buck, Wilma, and Dr. Goodfellow in escorting Ambassador Duvoe to a peace conference that could avert a terrible galactic war. Crisis strikes as their shuttle passes through an electric storm and crashes in the desert. With contact with Searcher impossible, the party must travel by foot to Oasis, encountering savage mutants and a mischievous gnome named ODX.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Journey to Oasis (2)	Science-Fiction	7.3	Hawk's first mission among the humans is to join Buck, Wilma, and Dr. Goodfellow in escorting Ambassador Duvoe to a peace conference that could avert a terrible galactic war. Crisis strikes as their shuttle passes through an electric storm and crashes in the desert. With contact with Searcher impossible, the party must travel by foot to Oasis, encountering savage mutants and a mischievous gnome named ODX.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	The Guardians	Science-Fiction	7.3	Buck finds himself entrusted with a bizarre glowing green box when he and Hawk find an old man near death on a remote planet. Back on the Searcher, the box creates a series of bizarre images in the minds of the crew members. In reality, the box has taken control of the Searcher and sent it at fantastic speeds toward an unknown destination.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Mark of the Saurian	Science-Fiction	7.3	The Saurians plot to destroy the Searcher and start a galactic war by infiltrating the starship and a space station in human disguise. Only Buck, who has contracted a strange virus, is able to see the true form of the Saurians, but no one believes him. When the Suarians realize that Buck is a threat to them, he becomes the target of their assassination attempts.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	The Golden Man	Science-Fiction	7.3	The Searcher rescues a gold-skinned boy from an escape capsule in an asteroid field. When the ship collides with one of the asteroids, the boy displays his powers of molecular alteration by rescuing Admiral Asimov from beneath a fallen girder. The boy assures the crew of the Searcher that, with the help of his companion, who is on a nearby planet, he can dislodge the ship from the asteroid. But when Buck and Hawk go to the planet to get the companion, they find that he is being held captive by a man who wants to use the boy's powers for his own greedy purposes.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	The Crystals	Science-Fiction	7.3	Buck, Wilma, and Hawk are confronted with a bizarre riddle on an alien planet they are exploring for crystals to power the Searcher. Part of the riddle is the connection between a young woman and an eerie, mummy-like creature they encounter on the planet. Meanwhile, on the Searcher, the android Crichton believes he has discovered the link -- one that is crucial to the success of their mission.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	The Satyr	Science-Fiction	7.3	Buck and Twiki come across the survivors of a failed colony, a young widow and her son. The woman tells Buck that the other colonists all fled the planet as the result of a plague. Buck is confused by the woman's refusal to leave the planet despite being repeatedly being menaced by a goat-man named Pangor; but he soon discovers the truth about the plague when he contracts it and begins to turn into a goat-man himself.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Shgoratchx!	Science-Fiction	7.3	Buck is ordered to explore a derelict spaceship that the Searcher encounters, and finds it filled with solar bombs and crewed by seven little men. They are escorted back to the Searcher and Admiral Asimov takes their ship in tow to a place where the bombs can be safely detonated. Assuming the little men can cause no real harm, Buck places them in the care of Wilma; but the little men have never seen a woman before and are intent on finding out what all of the "funny little bumps" are.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	The Hand of Goral	Science-Fiction	7.3	Buck, Wilma, and Hawk explore a strange planet and come across the wreckage of a spacecraft and its lone survivor. He is taken back to the Searcher by Wilma, while Buck and Hawk continue to explore. After some unexplained happenings on the planet, they return to the Searcher, where they find that everyone has undergone personality changes -- becoming the opposite of their real selves. Buck soon learns that he can not even trust Wilma and Hawk to help him solve the mystery of what has happened.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	Testimony of a Traitor	Science-Fiction	7.3	An ancient videotape is discovered that proves that Buck was involved in the nuclear holocaust that nearly destroyed the Earth hundreds of years before. Commissioner Bergstrom convenes a war crimes trial aboard the Searcher and, if Buck is found guilty, faces a death sentence. In a desperate attempt to clear himself, Buck agrees to another mind probe, but his memories seem to confirm the charges.
1460	Buck Rogers in the 25th Century	The Dorian Secret	Science-Fiction	7.3	Buck and Hawk are sent to pick up the survivors of a planetary disaster and transport them to a new home. Before departing, Buck rescues a young woman from a group of Dorian thugs. Later, while enroute to the planet, the Searcher is attacked by a Dorian craft, which demands that the woman be returned for the murder of a warlord's son. As the Dorians persist and subject the Searcher to a severe pounding, the refugees begin to rebel, insisting that the woman be turned over. Eventually, Buck discovers that truth about the woman and the startling reason why the Dorians always wear what at first appear to be merely ceremonial face masks.
1461	Cavemen	Cavemen	Comedy	none	They've been around since the dawn of time, survived the Ice Age and witnessed the evolution of the Homo sapiens. Keeping mostly to themselves over the millennia and living in remote communities, a small number of cavemen and cavewomen have been slowly migrating from these sub-societies and attempting to acclimate themselves to the Homo sapien world. Needless to say, this has proven difficult. Meet three cavemen who have successfully made the move to San Diego and are just trying to fit in. Joel is a sophisticated and intelligent man who has a beautiful girlfriend, a decent job and shares an apartment with his younger brother, Andy and his best friend, Nick. Nick is wary of the Homo sapien world and feels like he's running away from his heritage. Andy, on the other hand, looks at this new world with his eyes wide open and is willing to take risks in order to learn and live life to the fullest. Nick questions Joel on many of his choices, including his girlfriend, Kate, a beautiful Homo sapien woman. The fact that Kate's eccentric mother, Leslie owns Joel's condominium complex makes things even more complicated for the three roommates. Meanwhile, Kate's best friend, Thorne, is intent on discovering the cavemen's wilder side. On the premiere episode, "Her Embarrassed of Caveman," Joel attempts to hide the fact that he's dating a "sape" aka Homo sapien woman from Nick, Andy and friend Maurice, but also feels that she may be embarrassed to tell her friends that she's dating a caveman. Meanwhile Andy comes to town to get away from his girlfriend, who cheated on him.
1465	Crusoe	Crusoe	Drama	8.0	After exhausting all of his business ventures in London, Crusoe is forced to leave his family and travel to the new world in hopes of getting out his impending debt. After almost being killed by an assassin on the ship, Crusoe awakens to find himself stranded on a deserted island. Crusoe then saves a native man from the jaws of cannibals and makes a friend for life. Crusoe and his faithful friend Friday then struggle to survive on a deserted island with a little more than their wits. They must overcome marauding militias, hungry cannibals, pirates and starvation, Crusoe dreams of the day he will be reunited with his beloved family. Crusoe constantly is reminded of his wife Susannah and children left behind in England and their love story will unfold from meeting to marriage, as will his relationship with his mentor and patron, the mysterious Jeremiah Blackthorn.
1469	Earth: Final Conflict	Earth: Final Conflict	Drama	7.6	In the early twenty-first century Earth is visited by the Taelons', an alien species, claiming to be companions of humanity. They use their superior technology and wisdom to help Earth solve its most pressing problems – famine, disease, war – but suspicions arise that a darker agenda may be part of the Taelons' ultimate plans.  The only hope to discover the truth falls to a small team of humans lead by William Boone, a former Special Forces soldier turned cop. After rescuing Da'an, the Taelon "overseer" for North America from assassination, Boone is made their interspecies liaison. Along with members of a budding underground human resistance movement, Boone investigates the purpose behind the Taelons' acts of benevolence to uncover the true intentions of their visit to Earth. Only one thing is certain, what they might discover will change humanity forever.
1470	Emergency!	Emergency!	Drama	8.0	Filmed in a semi-documentary style, Squad 51 takes on life-or-death challenges.
1475	Hogan's Heroes	Hogan's Heroes	Comedy	10.0	HOGAN'S HEROES focuses on a group of American soldiers, led by Colonel Hogan , who are confined in a Nazi prisoner of war camp called Stalag 13 during World War II. While trapped in Stalag 13, the inmates conduct an espionage and sabotage campaign right under the noses of their warders. Because the Germans, led by the bumbling Colonel Wilhelm Klink, are often gullible, the real strength of Hogan's men are the elaborate ruses and sometimes dangerous lengths they will go to complete their mission.
1478	Jeremiah	Jeremiah	Drama	8.0	A stunning sci-fi epic that re-envisions the future of mankind, this top-rated, action-packed original series is "intriguing" (Associated Press), "fascinating" (Ft. Lauderdale Sun-Sentinel) and "deep and intense" (Science Fiction Weekly)! Luke Perry stars as Jeremiah, one of the many young survivors of the "Big Death" that claimed the lives of every adult in the world 15 years ago. Now forging his way through a bleak wilderness fraught with danger and conspiracy, Jeremiah and his most trusted friend, Kurdy , are plunged into thrilling adventures that test every facet of their humanity…and ultimately the fate of the human race itself!
1481	L.A. Law	L.A. Law	Drama	10.0	Co-created by Stephen Bochco and Terry Louise Fisher, the Emmy Award-winning series takes us inside the law firm of McKenzie, Brackman, Chaney and Kuzak. There, a team of ambitious and competitive attorneys must face the conflicts between their personal desires, their obligations as lawyers, and their principles as human beings. A portrayal of the law and its litigators that was both realistic and irreverent, L.A. Law became a favorite of critics and audiences alike during its eight-year run on NBC from 1986 to 1994.
1483	Lost in Space	Lost in Space	Adventure	7.8	The Robinson family was supposed to set off on a five-year mission to explore a distant planet, but an act of sabotage by the scheming Dr. Zachary Smith - who managed to get himself trapped aboard the spaceship - leaves them adrift in space for three years. The Robinsons, pilot Don West, Dr. Smith and their trusty robot move from planet to planet, always searching for a way to return to Earth.
1484	The Love Boat	The Love Boat	Comedy	8.5	Each week, passengers looking for romance board the beautiful Pacific Princess cruise ship as it sails to tropical and exotic lands. Captain Stubing, Julie, Gopher, Dr.Adam, and Isaac help them to get the most out of their trips and do their best to help them fall in love.
1485	Man from Atlantis	Man from Atlantis	Drama	none	The adventures of a man with amphibious abilities.
1488	Newhart	Newhart	Comedy	7.5	Bob Newhart returns to the TV as Dick Loudon, as he and his wife Joanna decide to leave life in New York City and buy a little inn in Vermont. Dick is a how-to book writer, who eventually becomes a local TV celebrity as host of "Vermont Today."
1489	Night Court	Night Court	Comedy	9.0	A young and unusual judge arrives in Manhattan's night court and begins deciding cases in a most unusual manner, much to the horror of his court clerk and all else in the courtroom.
1495	Punk'd	Punk'd	Comedy	none	Famous prank show hosted by Ashton Kutcher.
1500	The Six Million Dollar Man	The Six Million Dollar Man	Drama	7.8	Grievously injured in the crash of an experimental aircraft, Colonel Steve Austin's shattered body is covertly rebuilt via the miracle of modern science known as bionics. Equipped with atomic-powered limbs that make him "better, stronger, faster" than the average mortal, Austin can now run at speeds exceeding 60 miles per hour, overturn cars with ease, and spot an encroaching enemy from over a mile away. Under the watchful eye of OSI director Oscar Goldman, Steve repays his debt to the taxpayers by taking on perilous missions of a highly classified nature. Season 1 chronicles Steve Austin's amazing metamorphosis from "a man barely alive" to cyborg to patriotic superspy. Armed with futuristic abilities, Austin is dispatched to do battle with kidnappers, arms smugglers, evil scientists, political assassins, and a diabolical robot—with time enough to spare to counsel a troubled astronaut and clear his dead father's name.
1503	That Girl	That Girl	Comedy	none	A perky aspiring actress tries to start a career in New York, getting encouragement from her boyfriend, Don, and her family. For many young women, Ann Marie was an independent role model for the times (the late '60s) for having left the nest in pursuit of a career. She also inspired trends in fashion with her flipped-up hairdo and cute, mod clothes. Marlo Thomas received Emmy nominations in four of its five seasons. The show was created by Bill Persky and Sam Denoff (`The Dick Van Dyke Show').
1505	One Piece	One Piece	Action	10.0	"ONE PIECE" animation is based on the successful comic by Eiichiro Oda. The comic has sold more than 260 million copies. The success doesn't stop; the "ONE PIECE" animation series is in its top 5 TV ratings for kids programs in Japan for past few years and the series' most recent feature film title "ONE PIECE Film Z" which was released on December 2012 has gathered 5.6 million viewers so far. The success goes beyond borders; receives high popularity on animation at terrestrial channel in Taiwan, no.1 rating on animation at a DTT channel in France, received high popularity among age 3-13 on a terrestrial channel in Germany in year 2010. The animation series has been broadcasted in many parts of the world: USA, UK, Australia, France, Spain, Portugal, Germany, Italy, Greece, Turkey, Israel, South Korea, Taiwan, China, Hong Kong, Philippine, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Ecuador, Nicaragua, Chile, Mexico, Brazil, and etc.
1511	Yes, Dear	Yes, Dear	Comedy	6.0	YES, DEAR is a comedy about two young couples and their outrageously contrasting views on parenting. Greg and Kim Warner (Anthony Clark and Jean Louisa Kelly) struggle on a daily basis to become perfect at the job. Kim is a neurotic, stay-at-home mother, and although her husband, Greg, is a success in his career, his more difficult job is keeping his wife calm as they raise their two young children. While Kim is determined to be the perfect mother and perfect wife and to raise the perfect children, her sister, Christine Hughes (Liza Snyder), a very down-to-earth mother of two, continually reminds her that life will never be perfect. Christine's husband, Jimmy (Mike O'Malley), often feels compelled to share with his brother-in-law his philosophy about being a husband and a parent while still remaining a man.
1524	Queer as Folk	Queer as Folk	Drama	none	Set in and around the Manchester 'scene', this groundbreaking Channel 4 drama written by Russell T Davies, documents the lives and loves of three young gay men: Stuart, Vince and Nathan.
1529	Spider-Man Unlimited	Spider-Man Unlimited	Action	7.0	Enjoy the unlimited power of swinging and running as Spider-Man in a chaotic Manhattan and battle the Formidable Sinister Six!  Experience the Spider-Man comics come to life in a brand new episodic adventure, featuring content from over 50 years of Spider-Man Comics.
1535	Restless	Restless	Drama	8.0	Based on the bestselling novel by William Boyd, enter a cloak and dagger world where everyone and everything is under suspicion. Haunted by the death of her brother at the hands of fascist thugs, Russian émigré Eva Delectorskaya is recruited to be a British secret agent by the shadowy figure, Lucas Romer. After proving her merit in the field, she is sent on the most dangerous mission of her life. She must use any means necessary to manipulate the American press and draw the States into World War II. Unbeknownst to her, there are more sinister powers at work, and a deadly betrayal forces her into hiding. But once a spy, always a spy. Years later, she is gripped with paranoia when she fears her cover has been blown. With no one else to turn to, she recruits her unsuspecting daughter to help uncover the truth and confront the elusive Romer. After a life of conspiracy and intrigue, Eva wonders if she'll ever feel safe. Time is running out, and she must unravel all the mysteries before it's too late. A 2-part miniseries starring Hayley Atwell (Captain America: The First Avenger), Charlotte Rampling (Swimming Pool), Michael Gambon (Harry Potter), and Rufus Sewell (The Illusionist).
1535	Restless	I am Eva Delectorskaya	Drama	8.0	Young graduate Ruth Gilmartin is shocked when her mother Sally reveals details of her early life as Russian emigre Eva Delectorskaya, recruited by the British Secret Service during the Second World War. Although nearly 40 years have elapsed since then, the former agent believes that missions undertaken during the conflict on behalf of her spymaster - and lover - Lucas Romer have served to place her life in danger.
1535	Restless	I've been Sold	Drama	8.0	Eva's 1941 mission to the US, where she seduced a Washington DC official attached to President Roosevelt's office before surviving an attempt on her life in New Mexico, could hold the key to her present difficulties. Ruth poses as a journalist to meet Lord Romer, and although his suspicions are aroused, he appears unaware when Eva follows him to his Chelsea house.
1537	Hunter x Hunter	Hunter x Hunter	Action	8.0	The story of Hunter × Hunter focuses on a young boy named Gon Freecss, who one day discovers that the father he had always been told was dead was alive and well. He learns that his father, Ging Freecss, is a legendary Hunter, a person that has proven themselves by examination to be an elite member of humanity, with a license to go anywhere or do anything. Despite the fact that his father abandoned Gon with his relatives in order to pursue his dreams, Gon becomes determined to follow in his father's footsteps, pass the Hunter examination, and eventually find his father, to prove himself as a Hunter in his own right.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	Bella and the Bulldogs	Comedy	none	Middle schooler Bella Dawson left her life as a popular cheerleader behind to join the Bulldogs as their new star quarterback. Trading in her pom-poms for a pigskin was a total dream come true, but now Bella must find a balance between football and her cheerleading BFFs. Does she have what it takes to overcome the doubters and lead her team to victory, without compromising who she is? And what will happen when those worlds collide?
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	Newbie QB, Part 1	Comedy	none	The series premiere of a comedy about a middle-school student quitting cheerleading to become her school's starting quarterback on the football team.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	Newbie QB, Part 2	Comedy	none	Bella holds onto her dream, despite the fact that others try to make her give up.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	That's Some Gossip, Girl	Comedy	none	Team secrets are leaked to a reporter, and the boys think Bella is the one responsible for this.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	Pretty in Stink	Comedy	none	Bella skips showering to adhere to a Bulldog superstition, but this creates a problem when the school dance is on the horizon just as Bella discovers the boy she likes is interested in her.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	Tex Fest	Comedy	none	Pepper helms a video project and Bella agrees to act in it, but her skills in drama are lacking. Elsewhere, Troy and Newt are in for a surprise when they join the choir.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	Dancing In The Endzone	Comedy	none	Troy takes a ballet class to improve his football skills, and Bella does her best to keep this a secret.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	That's My Tri-Five!	Comedy	none	Bella persuades her pals to fill her spot on the cheerleading squad, but then the replacement works out a little too well for Bella's liking.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	A Good Bye Week	Comedy	none	Bella and Kyle go on a date for the first time, but a reversal of fortune jeopardizes their romance, leading Bella to ask the guys for assistance.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	Bromantically Challenged	Comedy	none	Troy and Sawyer quarrel about being the top receiver, putting Bella in an uncomfortable spot. Elsewhere, Sophie and Pepper struggle to throw a successful bake sale without Bella.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	Tornado Afraido	Comedy	none	A tornado warning leads to a lockdown at school, which spoils Pepper's surprise party, so Bella comes up with a backup plan.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	Incomplete Pass	Comedy	none	Bella's struggling in Spanish, so she asks Sophie for help. Meanwhile, a curious list falls out of Pepper's locker and winds up in the boys' hands.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	Backseat Quarterback	Comedy	none	Bella gets hurt, so she helps Troy prepare to be her sub. However, Bella fears she'll be replaced after Troy wins a game for the team.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	Traitor Dater	Comedy	none	Bella dates a player from an opposing team, causing her teammates to question her loyalty.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	Bulldog Buddies	Comedy	none	Troy's little brother asks Bella to be his football mentor, which upsets Troy. Elsewhere, Pepper doesn't know what she and Sawyer will do when her parents tell her she's not allowed to have a boyfriend.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	Player Hater	Comedy	none	Bella tries to make amends with Charlotte after Troy and Charlotte begin dating, but the situation grows complicated when Bella learns that Charlotte is simply using Troy.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	Root for Newt	Comedy	none	Newt feels unsure of himself and his place on the team after he's denied a chance to be a starter, so Bella attempts to help him. Elsewhere, Troy follows Sophie's advice when asking an older girl to go out with him.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	Bulldog Blues	Comedy	none	Bella's confidence dips when the team lose a game, and she fears not fulfilling a promise she made about reaching the play-offs.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	Kicking and Scheming	Comedy	none	Bella recruits a kicker from the soccer team, unaware of the problems this would cause because of the rivalry between football and soccer players.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	Third Degree Ba-Burn	Comedy	none	Bella makes jokes at a roast for the Bulldogs, but her quips cause problems for Sawyer and Pepper. Meanwhile, Newt does his best to ruin a new guy's chances with Sophie.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	No Girls Allowed	Comedy	none	An old rule banning girls from football surfaces prior to the team's first playoff game, forcing Bella and her teammates to try to change the rule.
1541	Bella and the Bulldogs	Wide Deceiver	Comedy	none	Bella brings Troy to meet an NFL legend; Troy reveals a secret to Bella; Pepper and Newt have to do crazy dares in order to spend time with Sophie and Sawyer.
1546	Christina Milian Turned Up	Christina Milian Turned Up	Music	1.0	As part of this loud, loving, opinionated and multi-talented Cuban-American family, Christina Milian has always been the focus, often to the consternation of her two sisters, Danielle and Lizzy. Now, Christina is learning how to share the spotlight, and this all-new E! docu series "Christina Milian Turned Up," follows Christina as she reinvigorates her music career with a new label, a new sound and a new look, all while raising her young daughter Violet with help from mom Carmen and sisters Danielle and Lizzy. This season is all about family when middle-sister Danielle tries to balance a new marriage and motherhood; baby sister Lizzy begins a new chapter as a trained culinary chef and converts to Orthodox Judaism, and Carmen attempts to find a happy medium managing Christina's professional life while keeping a very close watch over her entire family.
1548	Grantchester	Grantchester	Drama	9.0	Eavesdropping on the life of Sidney Chambers, a charismatic, charming, crime-fighting clergyman, and his partner in crime Police Inspector Geordie Keating, became a highlight for the audience who revelled in their on screen partnership. Geordie's plain-speaking, down to earth approach to policing complemented Sidney's more gentle technique of coaxing information from witnesses and suspects. Their unlikely pairing became a true friendship as each offered a different insight into the crimes they unravelled.
1548	Grantchester	Episode 1	Drama	9.0	Detective drama set in a 1950s Cambridgeshire village, where local vicar Sidney Chambers (James Norton) develops a sideline in sleuthing - with the initially reluctant help of grumpy DI Geordie Keating (Robson Green). The cleric's first case finds him presiding over the funeral of a solicitor, who is believed to have taken his own life. However, the dead man's mistress has a different theory - and feeling unable to go to the police, she asks Sidney to examine it for her. He uncovers evidence that the suicide was staged, but while he's busy delving into the personal life of the victim, will the vicar miss his own big chance with Amanda Kendall (Morven Christie), the woman he secretly loves?
1548	Grantchester	Episode 2	Drama	9.0	Poor Sidney. His sister Jen bullies him into attending Amanda's engagement dinner - seeing the love of his life celebrate her betrothal to another man is the last thing the village vicar wants. He sinks a few too many drinks in a bid to make the evening more palatable, but it doesn't work - in fact, nobody at the event seems happy. Tensions rise between Amanda and Jen's old school friends, and then matters erupt when Jen's boyfriend Johnny (Ukweli Roach, Starlings) is accused of stealing Amanda's engagement ring. Later, the unfortunate chap is accused of murdering one of his fellow guests, and evidence at the scene of the crime seems to back up the theory. But Sidney isn't convinced - can he unmask the real killer?
1548	Grantchester	Episode 3	Drama	9.0	A heartbroken Sidney agrees to help parishioner Isabel prepare for her wedding to Arthur, the new man in town, but the bride's stubborn mother, Daisy, proves to be a big impediment to the occasion as she believes the groom is out to kill her. When Daisy is then found dead, Mrs Maguire calls in Geordie to investigate, and Sidney finds himself dragged into the case - despite vowing to leave police business behind. While the victim seems to have died of natural causes, Arthur and Isabel are pushing for a fast cremation, suggesting the couple have something to hide.
1548	Grantchester	Episode 4	Drama	9.0	Sidney is woken in the early hours by a fire in the village and, putting his life on the line, races to rescue Marion Taylor from the burning house, much to the relief of her husband Dominic. But there are questions surrounding the blaze - was it really an accident, and why was Marion so reluctant to leave? Normally Sidney would turn to Geordie to help solve a mystery like this, but he finds the detective is far from his usual self. When Dominic is then found stabbed to death, it's Geordie's junior, Atkins, who is sent to head up the case - and he's not exactly a fan of interfering vicars.
1548	Grantchester	Episode 5	Drama	9.0	Sidney takes Geordie to Johnny Johnson's London jazz club, hoping to leave their worries in Grantchester for the night, but the backstage murder of Johnny's sister Claudette puts paid to that. When Archie, the victim's father and owner of the club, calls in a police officer pal to crack the case, Geordie immediately detects the copper is corrupt, while Sidney makes an important discovery about Claudette that she had kept hidden from all but those closest to her. As every lead seems to come back to Archie's violent past, recriminations within the family begin to play out.
1548	Grantchester	Les ombres de la guerre	Drama	9.0	With Amanda and Guy's wedding fast approaching, and his betrayal of Hildegard still fresh in his mind, Sidney is thrown deep into crisis, and the murder of a local cop doesn't help matters as he allows himself to become drawn into another case with Geordie. However, tragedy strikes as the duo close in on the killer, and with Geordie's life hanging in the balance, the clergyman finds himself cut out of the investigation as the police close ranks. But that doesn't stop him enlisting the help of Mrs Maguire and Leonard in a daring mission to gather information on the man who shot his partner.
1549	Kids Baking Championship	Kids Baking Championship	Children	none	Hosts and judges Duff Goldman and Valerie Bertinelli lead eight talented kid bakers through tasty challenges designed to find the most impressive and creative young baker on Kids Baking Championship, premiering on Monday, February 2nd at 8pm ET/PT on Food Network. In each challenge, the kid contestants (ranging in age from 10 to 13) will be tested on their baking skills and originality, as they whip up delectable desserts including creative cakes, mouthwatering cookies and pastries making it seem as easy as pie. At stake, a sweet prize package that includes a complete set of Food Network bakeware products, a profile in Food Network Magazine, an original cake featured at Charm City Cakes and a $10,000 grand prize. Only one will take the cake to become the Kids Baking Champion!
1551	Star vs. the Forces of Evil	Star vs. the Forces of Evil	Comedy	none	"Star vs. The Forces of Evil" follows fiercely awesome teen princess Star Butterfly. After receiving an all-powerful magic wand for her 14th birthday, Star is sent by her Royal Parents to live with the Diaz family on Earth, bringing along her own unique inter-dimensional style to her new home. Together with the Diaz's teenage son, Marco, they navigate high school and embark on dimension-hopping adventures across the multiverse while keeping her wand out of the clutches of arch-nemesis Ludo and his monstrous forces of evil.
1551	Star vs. the Forces of Evil	Mewberty	Comedy	none	Marco and his friends travel to a dimension of pixies and are forced to work off their debt in the Shard Mines after they run up Star's Magic Mirror bill with prank phone calls.
1551	Star vs. the Forces of Evil	Lobster Claws	Comedy	none	When Star "sleep spells," Marco tries to use psychology to cure her, but her nocturnal magic turns out to be her subconscious defenses against an interdimensional criminal trying to steal her face.
1551	Star vs. the Forces of Evil	Blood Moon Ball	Comedy	none	Star accepts her ex-boyfriend Tom's invitation to Demon Prom, but Marco is suspicious of Tom's intentions and crashes the prom to prevent Star from getting her heart broken again.
1551	Star vs. the Forces of Evil	Fortune Cookies	Comedy	none	Star manages to accidentally freeze time with her wand. Star's father pays an unexpected visit.
1551	Star vs. the Forces of Evil	Freeze Day	Comedy	none	Star is delighted when her dad shows up for an unexpected visit, but he soon wears out his welcome.
1551	Star vs. the Forces of Evil	Royal Pain	Comedy	none	Star's father shows up unexpectedly for a visit.
1551	Star vs. the Forces of Evil	St. Olga's Reform School for Wayward Princesses	Comedy	none	Star must face her greatest fear and travel to St. Olga's Reform School for Wayward Princesses to bust out Flying Princess Pony Head for her birthday. *Guest starring Jessica Walter as Miss Heinous and Jodi Benson ("The little Mermaid") as Singing Teacher.
1551	Star vs. the Forces of Evil	Mewnipendance Day	Comedy	none	Star sees a commercial for a "magical" Earth product and sets off on her own to buy it, but the mission goes south when her lack of earth knowledge gets her into serious trouble.
1551	Star vs. the Forces of Evil	Banagic	Comedy	none	Star sees a commercial for a magical Earth product.
1551	Star vs. the Forces of Evil	Sleep Spells	Comedy	none	When Star sleep spells, it turns out that she's been instinctively using magic to defend herself from an interdimensional criminal trying to steal her face.
1551	Star vs. the Forces of Evil	Interdimensional Field Trip	Comedy	none	Star leads a class trip to a museum
1551	Star vs. the Forces of Evil	Marco Grows A Beard	Comedy	none	Marco's beard grows out of control.
1551	Star vs. the Forces of Evil	Storm The Castle, Part 1	Comedy	none	When Marco is captured by Toffee and held for wand-ransom, Star enters into an unlikely alliance with Ludo and Buff Frog.
1560	Our Little Family	Our Little Family	Drama	1.0	TLC's newest faces, the Hamills, are not the typical American family. Parents Dan and Michelle along with their son and twin daughters are all little people - all five family members have achondroplasia, a form of dwarfism. TLC follows their life in new series OUR LITTLE FAMILY premiering February 17th at 10PM ET/PT. Both parents are proud little people who are even more thrilled their kids (Jack, Cate and CeCe) are little just like them; however, growing up in an average-sized world has its complications, and they know the road ahead for their children is not going to be easy.
1560	Our Little Family	A Mother's Day Surprise!	Drama	1.0	Dan enlists the kids to help surprise Michelle on Mother's Day, but relying on a six-year-old and two three-year-olds may not be the best idea! Meanwhile, Michelle celebrates with her own mom, hosting a tea party with Cece and Cate.
1560	Our Little Family	Let's Get Healthy	Drama	1.0	Motivated by the importance of keeping weight off their joints, the family improve their diet, but not even Dan is happy to eat vegetables! Michelle prepares for her first 5K run, and Dan encourages Jack to take part in a Little People golf tournament.
1560	Our Little Family	Size Doesn't Matter	Drama	1.0	Teaching the kids that size doesn't matter and shouldn't stop them; signing the twins up for ballet; Michelle's cooking class; Dan wants to try skydiving.
1564	WWE Slam City	WWE Slam City	Comedy	none	Animated adventures from the WWE universe. In this series all of the WWE superstars are fired from the ring by a masked wrestler known as The Finisher and are forced to take up jobs in Slam City.
1565	Best New Restaurant	Best New Restaurant	Cooking	none	Acclaimed chef and restaurateur Tom Colicchio dines across the U.S. as host, judge, and executive producer, taking a look at the food world from a fresh direction: the restaurant. The series is also executive produced by restaurateur and TV personality Gordon Ramsay. The majority of the series takes place on location in the restaurants themselves to highlight each establishment's unique point of view. In the end, only one will be crowned Best New Restaurant and win an editorial feature in Bon Appétit, a featured spot at America's number one global food festival, Vegas Uncork'd by Bon Appétit 2015, and $100,000.
1577	Bizarre Foods: Delicious Destinations	Bizarre Foods: Delicious Destinations	Adventure	none	Every traveler wants to try a crepe in Paris, gelato in Florence, Italy, or a po'boy in New Orleans. But how many really know where those dishes came from or how they are made? Andrew Zimmern digs into the not-to-be-missed legendary foods that define a location.
1577	Bizarre Foods: Delicious Destinations	San Francisco	Adventure	none	Dungeness Crab Louie and sourdough bread on the West Coast in San Francisco.
1577	Bizarre Foods: Delicious Destinations	Jamaica	Adventure	none	Jerk chicken and mannish water soup; curry goat; blue mountain coffee and gizzadas.
1577	Bizarre Foods: Delicious Destinations	Atlanta	Adventure	none	Some Southern hospitality, with comfort food like fried chicken and peach cobbler, to soul food and sweet tea in Atlanta.
1581	Gangland Undercover	Gangland Undercover	Drama	7.0	The only man brave enough to sneak into three outlaw biker gangs and live to tell the tale, Charles Falco, author of "Vagos, Mongols and Outlaws," goes from convict to infiltrator as he secretly documents the Vagos' illegal activities and ultimately brings them to justice. With the real Charles Falco starting each episode in a silhouetted interview, his story is brought to life in this fact-based docudrama series that sees Falco work as an informant for the Feds on a covert mission inside the dangerous Vagos' world of violence, murder and drug trafficking. Having climbed the gang's ranks while facilitating 62 arrests, Charles Falco exposes how he crippled the criminal enterprise from the core of the biker underworld in this mind-blowing true story GANGLAND UNDERCOVER.
1587	Billy & Billie	Billy & Billie	Comedy	none	Drama which centers on two young adults, Billy (Adam Brody) and Billie (Lisa Joyce), as they fall in love, a romance complicated by the fact that they're stepbrother and sister
1589	iZombie	iZombie	Comedy	8.3	From executive producer Rob Thomas, iZOMBIE stars Rose McIver as Olivia "Liv" Moore, a rosy-cheeked, disciplined, over-achieving medical resident who had her life path completely mapped out... until the night she attended a party that unexpectedly turned into a zombie feeding frenzy. As one of the newly undead, Liv has devised a way to resist her baser urges to devour fresh human brains - she's taken a job in the Seattle coroner's office.In this appropriately dead-end job, she can secretly snack on the brains of the many Jane and John Doe corpses that make a final stop in the morgue. Liv remains resigned to an eternity without hope or purpose, until she realizes that with every brain she consumes, she retains a portion of that person's memories, and she begins to experience visions from the point of view of the murder victims. It's not the same as being alive again, but at least she can find purpose in her undead existence by helping to solve the murders of those who are indeed fully dead.
1589	iZombie	Pilot	Comedy	8.3	Olivia "Liv" Moore was a disciplined, over-achieving medical resident who had her life path completely mapped out... until she is turned into a zombie. Now stuck somewhere between half-alive and undead, Liv loses her drive and ambition. She breaks off her engagement with charming soul mate Major, fearful of infecting him with her condition. Liv transfers her medical residency to the city morgue in order to access the only form of sustenance left available to her - the only thing that allows her to maintain her humanity - brains. There are side effects to Liv's new diet: With each brain Liv consumes, she experiences "visions" - flashes of the corpse's memories - which often provide clues as to how they were killed. Her boss, the brilliant but eccentric Dr. Ravi Chakrabarti, encourages her to embrace this gift and to work with unproven homicide detective, Clive Babineaux,, to help solve these murders. In doing so, Liv finds a measure of peace, and a new sense of purpose in what her "life" has now become.
1589	iZombie	Brother, Can You Spare A Brain?	Comedy	8.3	Liv, Ravi and Clive work together to solve the mysterious death of a well-known painter. Liv finds herself consumed with passion after eating his brain, and can't resist trying to seduce Major. Meanwhile, Blaine makes a surprise visit to the morgue.
1589	iZombie	The Exterminator	Comedy	8.3	As Liv and Detective Babineaux investigate a hit and run case, they discover the victim was a sociopathic hit man responsible for the murder of a tech entrepreneur, a case that Peyton is prosecuting. Liv and Ravi dig deeper into a supposed zombie sighting that was posted on line which leads Liv to make a surprising discovery about someone from her past. Major moves on with his life and Peyton is shocked by Liv's reaction.
1589	iZombie	Liv And Let Clive	Comedy	8.3	When Clive identifies a John Doe in the morgue as one of his former criminal contacts from his days on the vice squad, Liv is surprised that Clive is so quick to refuse her help in solving the murder. Liv and Ravi investigate on their own which puts them in a precarious situation. Liv's problems continue to mount when Major begins searching for a roommate and she believes he's considering a cute co-ed.
1589	iZombie	Flight of the Living Dead	Comedy	8.3	Liv reluctantly eats the brains of her recently murdered sorority sister Holly to help gain insight into her murder. This case takes Liv and Clive into Holly's world of extreme sporting where they meet professional snowboarder Carson McComb, a murder suspect who appears to be hiding a secret. Meanwhile, Liv has a strange connection with one of the other murder suspects and Major voices his concern to Clive over a young boy's disappearance.
1589	iZombie	Virtual Reality Bites	Comedy	8.3	Liv, Clive and Ravi work together to investigate the murder of a computer-hacker. Liv inherits intense agoraphobia after consuming his brains along with mad skills at computer gaming. This delights Ravi, who urges her to play and offers to help her from inside the game, as they continue to search for the killer. Meanwhile, Blaine becomes acquainted with someone close to Liv.
1589	iZombie	Maternity Liv	Comedy	8.3	Group of teens get a scare when a disheveled young pregnant woman approaches them muttering for help. Unfortunately, the woman doesn't survive but her baby does. Liv and Clive begin questioning suspects in her murder, and after consuming the victim's brain, a fierce maternal instinct kicks in for Liv. Meanwhile, Major makes a shocking discovery.
1589	iZombie	Dead Air	Comedy	8.3	Liv and Clive work together to solve the murder of a morning radio talk show host who specialized in relationship straight talk. Liv becomes filled to the brim with insight after consuming the brains, making Clive extremely uncomfortable when Liv starts getting personal. Meanwhile, Peyton steps in to help Major, and Blaine issues a warning. Lastly, Ravi's unexpected romantic connection has the potential to make things awkward for Liv.
1589	iZombie	Patriot Brains	Comedy	8.3	Liv and Clive investigate the mysterious death of a former sniper, Everett, who has been working as an instructor at a paintball facility. They begin questioning family members including Everett's ex-wife and her new husband Sean and realize things are not what they seem. Meanwhile, Major continues to get closer and closer to the truth, and Blaine does the unthinkable.
1589	iZombie	Mr. Berserk	Comedy	8.3	Liv and Clive investigate the murder of a journalist working on a story linking psychotic episodes in a small number of consumers to the energy drink Max Rager. Liv goes straight to the top at Max Rager HQ and questions the man in charge, Vaughn Du Clark. Meanwhile, Ravi tries to help Major who continues to believe he's going crazy.
1589	iZombie	Astroburger	Comedy	8.3	When someone close to Major dies of an apparent suicide, Liv consumes the brains resulting in a mix of reality and paranoia. Clive questions Major and learns of a secret computer file that may contain important details in the investigation - and finding the killer.
1589	iZombie	Dead Rat, Live Rat, Brown Rat, White Rat	Comedy	8.3	High School Redux - A group of drunken teenagers take a late night joyride with disasters consequences. As they cover up the accident, the man mysteriously comes back to life and attacks one of the girls. After Liv consumes the girl's brain, she is taken back to high school as she and Clive investigate the case. A surprise death of one of the victim's friends raises some serious questions about the case. Major believes Blaine's deli is not all it seems to be.
1589	iZombie	Blaine's World	Comedy	8.3	After discovering new evidence in the Max Rager case, Liv and Clive pay a visit to Vaughn Du Clark at Max Rager HQ. Ravi continues his search for a cure. Meanwhile, Blaine makes Liv an offer she can't refuse. Lastly, Major finds himself in an unbelievable situation.
1589	iZombie	Grumpy Old Liv	Comedy	8.3	Liv consumes the brains of a cantankerous old man to help gain insight into his death. After receiving an anonymous call on the tipster hotline, Liv and Detective Babineax stop by the residence of Byron Thistlewaite, to question the mysterious caller. Meanwhile, Ravi suspects that Major might be experiencing a side effect of the cure, and Liv pays Blaine a surprise visit.
1589	iZombie	Zombie Bro	Comedy	8.3	Liv and Detective Babineax investigate the murder of a hard-partying frat boy whose death shocks everyone. After consuming his brains, Liv attends a fraternity party in an attempt to search for clues, but ends up ruling the beer pong table instead. Still desperate to find the cure, Ravi takes matters into his own hands and brings Major along for the ride. Meanwhile, Blaine meets with Angus, a mysterious person from his past.
1593	The Messengers	The Messengers	Fantasy	7.5	An apocalyptic event on Earth gives five strangers angelic powers, and it also brings a mysterious dark figure to the planet.
1593	The Messengers	Awakening	Fantasy	7.5	A mysterious object falls on the plant which causes deaths and the resurrection of five strangers.
1593	The Messengers	Strange Magic	Fantasy	7.5	The five angels gather and meet Rose, who explains to them their mission: Halt the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. Meanwhile, The Man's true identity is exposed, and he entices Vera with info about her missing son.
1593	The Messengers	Path To Paradise	Fantasy	7.5	On the hunt for the Horseman of War, Joshua, Erin and Peter make great strides for the group. Raul and Vera are more hesitant to believe and when they stray, there are unforeseen consequences. But when Vera discovers her gift, she finally starts to re-think her purpose.
1593	The Messengers	Drums Of War	Fantasy	7.5	The Horseman of War will be speaking at an international energy summit and it is up to our heroes to figure out which attendee is the victim and which is the Horseman before someone dies. Meanwhile, one of the Messengers is in jail and The Man is determined to keep him there.
1593	The Messengers	Eye In The Sky	Fantasy	7.5	Erin's attempts to celebrate Amy's birthday in peace are thwarted as Raul and Joshua look to jumpstart Joshua's visions, and we finally meet the seventh angel.
1593	The Messengers	Metamorphosis	Fantasy	7.5	As the fully united Messengers work to track down the Second Horseman of the Apocalypse, Alan and Vera continue their quest to uncover the genesis stone's secrets. Meanwhile, Erin begins to discover the price of her gift.
1593	The Messengers	Deus Ex Machina	Fantasy	7.5	As the Messengers race to stop the next Horseman, they uncover a cyber plot to kill thousands. Meanwhile, Joshua finds he can no longer escape his past.
1593	The Messengers	A House Divided	Fantasy	7.5	The Messengers struggle to stay together and on mission when an unforeseen setback causes them to question whether being an Angel is causing them more harm than good. In the process of pursuing their own desires, the Messengers discover that destiny has a strange way of bringing them back together.
1593	The Messengers	Death Becomes Her	Fantasy	7.5	The Man informs the Messengers one of their own has betrayed them and another is in imminent danger, while Amy's drawings predict the arrival of someone who could change the course of everyone's destinies.
1593	The Messengers	Why We Fight	Fantasy	7.5	Shell-shocked from recent events, the team rallies and travels to California to stop a pair of brothers (guest stars Jamie Bamber and Riley Smith), one of whom may be the Horseman of Famine, from committing a fateful sin.
1593	The Messengers	Harvest	Fantasy	7.5	Based on contradictory clues, the Messengers make clashing predictions about who will be the Horseman of Famine. Meanwhile, Vera almost unearths the Horsemen's master plan.
1593	The Messengers	Spark Of Hope	Fantasy	7.5	The limits of each Messenger's power are put to the test as they work together to free a key player from a secret government lock-up, and Joshua's latest vision points to the appearance of a treacherous new enemy.
1593	The Messengers	Houston, We Have A Problem	Fantasy	7.5	In a heart-pounding series finale, The Messengers face off against the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, whose plan to break the fifth seal could destroy everything our heroes hold dear. It's up to The Messengers to stop the Horsemen once and for all.. at any cost.
1594	The Comedians	The Comedians	Comedy	7.0	In The Comedians, Billy Crystal plays a comedy legend who is reluctantly paired with Josh Gad, an edgier up-and-coming star, in an unfiltered, behind-the-scenes look at a fictional late night sketch comedy show where egos and generations collide.
1594	The Comedians	Pilot	Comedy	7.0	Billy Crystal and Josh Gad are reluctantly paired together for a sketch show on FX.
1594	The Comedians	Come To The House	Comedy	7.0	In an attempt to bond outside of work, Billy begrudgingly invites Josh over to watch a ballgame at his house.
1594	The Comedians	The Red Carpet	Comedy	7.0	When Billy and Josh are both nominated for the same award, they decide to walk the red carpet together and end up making a bit of a detour.
1594	The Comedians	Celebrity Guest	Comedy	7.0	When FX pushes the premiere date of The Billy & Josh Show, the guys try to "fix" the show.. by pulling in opposite directions.
1594	The Comedians	Go For Gad	Comedy	7.0	When Josh is rumored to be up for a movie role, it goes to his head.. and Billy isn't happy.
1594	The Comedians	Orange You The New Black Guy	Comedy	7.0	After they notice the lack of diversity in their cast and crew, Billy and Josh insist on hiring a black writer.
1594	The Comedians	Billy's Birthday	Comedy	7.0	Josh takes Billy out for his birthday.
1594	The Comedians	Charity	Comedy	7.0	Billy has an awkward interaction with a homeless man, while Josh goes to his crush's "charity" event.
1594	The Comedians	Damage Control	Comedy	7.0	An embarrassing viral video of Billy and Josh leaks on the internet and the guys deal with the fallout.
1594	The Comedians	Misdirection	Comedy	7.0	Billy agrees to hire a douchey director friend of Josh's, who suggests they shoot an "unscripted" sketch in the woods at night.
1594	The Comedians	Red, White & Working Blue	Comedy	7.0	When a sketch gets thrown out at the last minute, the crew has to work over the 4th of July.
1594	The Comedians	Overhear	Comedy	7.0	Things get tense when Billy overhears Josh and his young comic friends making fun of him.
1594	The Comedians	Partners	Comedy	7.0	On the last day of shooting The Billy & Josh Show, Billy and Josh look to the future.
1595	Grace and Frankie	Grace and Frankie	Comedy	8.0	Two nemeses become bonded jilted wives after their husbands reveal they have been having an affair with each other since the 1990s and now plan to get married.
1595	Grace and Frankie	The End	Comedy	8.0	Two nemeses have their lives turned upside down when their husbands unexpectedly announce they want divorces in the premiere of this comedy.
1595	Grace and Frankie	The Credit Cards	Comedy	8.0	The messy realities of divorce start to sink in for Grace, Frankie, Robert, Sol and their equally frazzled adult children.
1595	Grace and Frankie	The Dinner	Comedy	8.0	Robert and Sol have an awkward dinner party for their children; at the same time, Grace and Frankie make the decision to go back to work.
1595	Grace and Frankie	The Funeral	Comedy	8.0	Grace, Frankie, Robert and Sol make their first public appearance since the split at a funeral, which brings out their emotions.
1595	Grace and Frankie	The Fall	Comedy	8.0	Grace has an eye-opening experience when she goes out for frozen yogurt with Frankie and Briana on a Saturday night.
1595	Grace and Frankie	The Earthquake	Comedy	8.0	Sol takes care of Frankie after an earthquake freaks her out; at the same time, Grace goes on a first date; and Coyote pays Mallory a surprise visit.
1595	Grace and Frankie	The Spelling Bee	Comedy	8.0	Frankie, Grace and Briana have unexpected encounters when they try new ways to deal with being single.
1595	Grace and Frankie	The Sex	Comedy	8.0	Frankie takes a new look at her Yam Man Jacob; at the same time, Grace and Guy get closer; Sol acts terrified of Briana; and Bud and Coyote have a brotherly chat.
1595	Grace and Frankie	The Invitation	Comedy	8.0	Robert learns out about Guy and Grace; Frankie attempts to set boundaries with Sol; and Briana uses Frankie's homemade organic beauty product.
1595	Grace and Frankie	The Elevator	Comedy	8.0	Divorce papers are signed, then Frankie, Grace, Sol, Robert and Bud remember a pivotal weekend from five years before.
1595	Grace and Frankie	The Secrets	Comedy	8.0	Frankie shares Grace's secret with Sol, which leads to multiple arguments. Meanwhile, Briana gets closer to a coworker.
1595	Grace and Frankie	The Bachelor Party	Comedy	8.0	Bud and Coyote ask Briana and Mallory to help them throw Sol and Robert's bachelor party. Meanwhile, Grace is willing to do anything if it will cheer up Frankie.
1595	Grace and Frankie	The Vows	Comedy	8.0	As the wedding approaches, Grace and Robert have trouble expressing themselves, while Sol and Frankie finally clear out their old house.
1602	Prophets of Science Fiction	Prophets of Science Fiction	Drama	none	An auteur of science fiction himself, Scott goes from behind the camera to on-air guide to explore the relationship between genre and the constantly-evolving worlds of science and technology. From Isaac Asimov, to Jules Verne, to Robert Heinlein, to George Lucas, the dreams of storytellers often become the inspiration for researchers seeking mankind's next transformative discovery.
1605	Through the Wormhole	Through the Wormhole	Science-Fiction	none	Hosted by Morgan Freeman, THROUGH THE WORMHOLE explores the deepest mysteries of existence - the questions that have puzzled mankind for eternity. Can we eliminate evil? What is nothing? Is there a superior race? Now, science has evolved to the point where hard facts and evidence may be able to provide us with answers instead of philosophical theories. THROUGH THE WORMHOLE brings together the brightest minds and best ideas from the very edges of science - Astrophysics, Astrobiology, Quantum Mechanics, String Theory, and more - to reveal the extraordinary truth of our Universe.
1608	X Company	X Company	Drama	8.5	Five highly skilled young recruits – Canadian, American and British are torn from their ordinary lives to train as agents in an ultra-secret facility on the shores of Lake Ontario. These agents parachute behind enemy lines, where they're fair game for torture and execution. From elegant hotels to hellholes in the field, it's one risky operation after another.
1608	X Company	Pilot	Drama	8.5	As a new team of Allied agents face a terrifying first mission, Camp X's spymaster Duncan Sinclair must convince a fragile young man with a perfect memory to join the fight.
1608	X Company	Trial by Fire	Drama	8.5	It's a trial-by-fire first mission for Alfred as the team parachutes into France. Their mission: to penetrate a German headquarters and steal codes that could save thousands of British lives.
1608	X Company	Kiss of Death	Drama	8.5	The team infiltrates a brothel and a Gestapo headquarters as they battle to stop atomic research from falling into the hands of the Nazis. Meanwhile, things get personal for Aurora when she learns the tragic fate of her lover.
1608	X Company	Sixes & Sevens	Drama	8.5	The team engineers a high-risk extraction of a British airman with the help of an infamous jazz chanteuse. Meanwhile, Harry struggles to help a critically injured Frenchwoman deliver her baby.
1608	X Company	Walk with the Devil	Drama	8.5	Aurora and the team wrestle with whether to trust a Vichy Mayor, who offers rich intelligence in exchange for their help in discovering what has become of the town's young women.
1608	X Company	In Enemy Hands	Drama	8.5	A sabotage mission leaves Harry critically injured and the team trapped in a safe house, desperate to escape a town swarming with Nazis. In the midst of the crisis, Neil learns that killing the enemy isn't so easy when you get to know them first..
1608	X Company	Quislings	Drama	8.5	The team travels to Paris on a mission to assassinate French civilians; Aurora and Neil deal with ghosts from their past; a man carries Germany's darkest secret.
1608	X Company	Into the Fire	Drama	8.5	As Paris is torn by a massive roundup of Jews, the team must help an early Holocaust witness bring his story to Allied leaders. Meanwhile, German agents close in on Aurora and Alfred…
1611	Spider-Man	Spider-Man	Drama	8.0	Spider-Man (1994) tells the story of a 19-year-old Peter Parker in his first year at Empire State University, and his alter-ego Spider-Man. The show features Spider-Man's classic villains, including the Kingpin, the Green Goblin, the Lizard, the Scorpion, Doctor Octopus, Mysterio, the Rhino, the Shocker, The Vulture and the Chameleon, as well as more recent villains such as Venom, Carnage and the Hobgoblin.
1611	Spider-Man	Spider Wars (2): Farewell, Spider-Man	Drama	8.0	In the last episode of the series, Spider-Carnage uses the time-dilation accelerator to construct a disintegration dimensional portal in an attempt to destroy all of reality. To stop him, the Beyonder sends Spider-Man to the Armored Spider-Man reality where he finds his Uncle Ben alive and well. Realizing the impact Uncle Ben had on his own life, he asks Uncle Ben to reason with the Peter Parker in Spider-Carnage. Plus, don't miss a special cameo from legendary creator Stan Lee!
1612	X-Men Evolution	X-Men Evolution	Action	7.0	American-Canadian animated series about the X-Men. Contrary to the other X-men shows, the characters are teenagers instead of adults.
1615	Steven Universe	Steven Universe	Action	9.2	"Steven Universe", from Adventure Time writer-artist Rebecca Sugar, is a coming-of-age story told from the perspective of Steven, the youngest member of a team of magical Guardians of the Universe.
1615	Steven Universe	Gem Glow	Action	9.2	Steven eats cookie cat's and mistakenly thinks they have activated his gem.
1615	Steven Universe	Garnet's Universe	Action	9.2	Steven imagines what garnet does before she returns.
1615	Steven Universe	Warp Tour	Action	9.2	Steven thinks he sees something creepy traversing the warp streams and the Gems try to ease his paranoia.
1615	Steven Universe	Alone Together	Action	9.2	The Gems try to teach Steven to use his fusion powers.
1615	Steven Universe	The Test	Action	9.2	Steven finds out that his mission to the Lunar Sea Spire was a test and demands a new quest.
1615	Steven Universe	Future Vision	Action	9.2	On this week's episode of Steven Universe, Thursday, January 29 at 6:30 p.m.... "Future Vision" - Steven learns that Garnet can see into the future and becomes curious about the possible dangers that lurk around him.
1615	Steven Universe	On the Run	Action	9.2	On this week's episode of Steven Universe, Thursday, February 5 at 6:30 p.m.... "On the Run" - Steven and Amethyst try out life on the road.
1615	Steven Universe	Horror Club	Action	9.2	On this week's episode of Steven Universe, Thursday, February 12 at 6:30 p.m.... "Horror Club" - Steven goes to the lighthouse to watch scary movies with Ronaldo, Lars and Sadie.
1615	Steven Universe	Winter Forecast	Action	9.2	On this week's episode of Steven Universe, Thursday, February 19 at 6:30 p.m.... "Winter Forecast " - Steven has to get Connie home before it snows.
1615	Steven Universe	Maximum Capacity	Action	9.2	On this week's episode of Steven Universe, Thursday, February 26 at 6:30 p.m.... "Maximum Capacity" - A garage sale reunites Greg and Amethyst with their favorite cheesy sitcom - Lil' Butler.
1615	Steven Universe	Marble Madness	Action	9.2	On this week's episode of Steven Universe, Thursday, March 5 at 6:30 p.m.... "Marble Madness " - Steven and the Gems encounter another droid from space.
1615	Steven Universe	Rose's Scabbard	Action	9.2	Steven joins Pearl on a special mission to a place that belonged to Rose-Quartz.
1615	Steven Universe	The Message	Action	9.2	Steven and the Gems try to retrieve a message from the Wailing Stone.
1615	Steven Universe	Political Power	Action	9.2	The Gems cause a power outage in Beach City, and Steven helps Mayor Dewey do damage control.
1615	Steven Universe	The Return	Action	9.2	Steven teams up with a new ally to rescue the Gems.
1615	Steven Universe	Jail Break	Action	9.2	Steven is in outer space as he meets new gems and tries to make his way around the ship.
1615	Steven Universe	Full Disclosure	Action	9.2	After defeating Jasper and Peridot, Steven has trouble telling Connie about his most recent adventure.
1615	Steven Universe	Open Book	Action	9.2	Steven and Connie want a new ending to a beloved book series, so Steven takes them into Rose's Room to re-enact it.
1615	Steven Universe	Joy Ride	Action	9.2	The Cool Kids help Steven put some fun back in his life.
1615	Steven Universe	Say Uncle	Action	9.2	Steven meets Uncle Grandpa
1615	Steven Universe	Story for Steven	Action	9.2	Greg tells Steven the story of how he met Rose.
1615	Steven Universe	Shirt Club	Action	9.2	Steven and Buck Dewey make T-Shirts inspired by a flyer ad Steven made.
1615	Steven Universe	Love Letters	Action	9.2	Steven and Connie help Jamie the mailman with love.
1615	Steven Universe	Reformed	Action	9.2	Steven, Amethyst and Garnet chase a corrupted gem monster through the Temple.
1615	Steven Universe	Sworn To The Sword	Action	9.2	Connie wants to learn sword fighting.
1615	Steven Universe	Rising Tides/Crashing Skies	Action	9.2	Ronaldo does some investigative reporting on whether Steven and the Crystal Gems are safe for Beach City.
1615	Steven Universe	Keeping It Together	Action	9.2	Steven and the Crystal Gems revisit the Kindergarten and find a dark secret.
1615	Steven Universe	We Need To Talk	Action	9.2	Greg tells Steven and Connie the story of how he learned about Gem fusion.
1615	Steven Universe	Chille Tid	Action	9.2	The gems and Steven have a slumber party.
1615	Steven Universe	Cry for Help	Action	9.2	A magical disturbance causes an interruption to Steven's favorite show.
1615	Steven Universe	Keystone Motel	Action	9.2	The friends take a trip out of town.
1615	Steven Universe	Onion Friend	Action	9.2	Steven and Amethyst pay a visit to the odd world of Onion's house.
1615	Steven Universe	Historical Friction	Action	9.2	Steven joins a theatre group along with Jamie.
1615	Steven Universe	Friend Ship	Action	9.2	An old spaceship is looked around by the Gems.
1615	Steven Universe	Nightmare Hospital	Action	9.2	Steven and Connie sneak into a hospital to recover Rose's Sword, and meet an enemy while trying.
1615	Steven Universe	Catch and Release	Action	9.2	We finally see inside steven's bathroom.
1615	Steven Universe	When It Rains	Action	9.2	Steven helps a friend who is afraid of thunderstorms.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	Wander Over Yonder	Comedy	9.0	Emmy-winning producer Craig McCracken, among the most sought-after talent in TV animation, is the creator/executive producer of Disney Channel's upcoming "Wander Over Yonder", an animated comedy series about best friends and epic enemies, set in surreal places across the universe. Wander is an overly-optimistic intergalactic traveler who, along with his loyal but bullish steed, Sylvia, goes from planet to planet helping people to live free and have fun, all against the evil reign of Lord Hater and his army of Watchdogs.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Picnic	Comedy	9.0	Wander discovers the perfect spot for his celestial picnic -- right next to Lord Hater's epic battlefield, consequently making it extremely difficult for Hater to focus on his battle against arch enemy Emperor Awesome for ultimate cosmic power.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Greatest	Comedy	9.0	Lord Hater sets out to control and win everything in the universe, including conquering The Binglebops and their planet, but his plans are soon diverted when he finds himself accepting Wander's series of challenges to prove once and for all that he truly is the greatest in the entire galaxy.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Fugitives	Comedy	9.0	Wander and Sylvia have become fugitives on a distant planet ruled by Lord Hater, but just as fast as Sylvia can concoct their escape plans, Wander inadvertently keeps foiling them by helping strangers in need.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Good Deed	Comedy	9.0	When a series of Wander's good deeds backfire, the free-spirited nomad sets out to make everything right.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Pet	Comedy	9.0	When Wander and Sylvia board an abandoned spaceship, they encounter a horrifying alien monster that is set on eating them. While Sylvia sees the wild beast as a threat, Wander takes a liking to the ferocious little monster and tries to train it to be his pet.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Prisoner	Comedy	9.0	When Wander gets loose aboard Hater's ship and causes havoc, Commander Peepers must stop him before Lord Hater finds out.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Troll	Comedy	9.0	Wander and Sylvia help Prince Cashmere and his goat warriors of Baaaaa-halla to defend themselves against a menacing troll.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Box	Comedy	9.0	When Wander and Sylvia are entrusted to deliver a sealed box, Wander can't stop obsessing about what could be inside and struggles not to open it.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Hat	Comedy	9.0	When Wander gets lost on a dangerous planet, Sylvia must learn to trust Wander's magical hat and its mysterious ways, in order to find her buddy before it's too late.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Little Guy	Comedy	9.0	When Goofy reveals that he's been having trouble with sleepwalking, Mickey agrees to watch over him.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Hero	Comedy	9.0	With the help of Sir Brad Starlight, Wander sets out to fulfill his fairytale dreams of rescuing a princess. Guest starring James Marsden ("Enchanted") as Sir Brad Starlight.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Nice Guy	Comedy	9.0	Wander wants to buy a drink for Sylvia from a gas station's convenience store, but his extreme politeness and helpfulness complicates things and makes this simple errand feel like an epic, high stakes adventure.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Tourist	Comedy	9.0	When Wander meets an elder tourist who has seen more of the universe than he has, he becomes ultra-competitive and abandons Sylvia in an attempt to outdo the tourist. Guest starring is Edie McClurg as the tourist Trudy Traveler.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Day	Comedy	9.0	Sylvia wakes up to find that she and a sleeping Wander are imprisoned on Hater's ship and must fight to escape.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Lonely Planet	Comedy	9.0	Peepers tries to brainstorm an invasion plan, but Hater rejects them all as he dreams up increasingly improbable ways for Wander to foil every single one.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Toddler	Comedy	9.0	When Wander and Sylvia find a giant lost baby in a mall, differences in their parenting methods complicates the search to find the baby's parents.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Fancy Party	Comedy	9.0	Lord Hater must compete against Wander for the affections of an alien queen so that he can inherit her powerful army and rule the galaxy.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Epic Quest of Unfathomable Difficulty	Comedy	9.0	Wander forces Sylvia to go on an epic quest in order to return a lost sock to its owner. "The Void" - When Wander and Sylvia enter a white void where anything is possible through imagination, Sylvia worries Wander may never want to leave.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Party Animal	Comedy	9.0	Sylvia tries to stop Emperor Awesome from destroying a planet with his partying and party-loving Wander from joining in the festivities.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Gift II: The Giftining	Comedy	9.0	Mysterious gifts start popping up on Lord Hater's ship, zombie-fying each recipient with gratitude. Hater and Peepers try to escape the creeping terror delivering these gifts.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Date	Comedy	9.0	When Lord Hater gets stood up on a date, Wander convinces Sylvia to endure a dreadful date with Hater in order save the planet from Hater's wrath.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Liar	Comedy	9.0	Wander goes out of his way to help a cute little kitten, Little Bits, only to find that she is secretly a bounty hunter luring him into a trap. G Hannelius ("Dog With A Blog") guest stars as Little Bits.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Big Job	Comedy	9.0	One strange day, Wander is unable to find anybody who actually needs his help. Episode written and storyboarded by Aaron Springer ("Mickey Mouse" cartoon shorts, "SpongeBob SquarePants").
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Funk	Comedy	9.0	Lord Hater and Sir Brad Starlight team up to fight the one person they hate more than each other, Wander. James Marsden ("Enchanted") reprises his role as Sir Brad Starlight.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Rider	Comedy	9.0	When Sylvia's old partner, Rider, shows up, Wander wonders if the roguish Rider makes a better teammate for Sylvia than he does. Emmy Award-nominated actor Will Arnett guest stars as Rider.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Gift	Comedy	9.0	In this holiday-themed episode, Wander is handing out gifts to every new friend he's made and sneaks onto Lord Hater's ship to give him and the Watchdogs gifts.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Greater Hater	Comedy	9.0	Wander and Sylvia's world is turned upside down with the arrival of a new villain that threatens Lord Hater's status as the Greatest in the Galaxy.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Big Day	Comedy	9.0	Lord Hater finally captures Wander and Sylvia.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Breakfast	Comedy	9.0	Wander and Hater each struggle in their own way when making breakfast.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Fremergency Fronfract	Comedy	9.0	Wander heroically faces a ridiculous villain from his past whom no one takes seriously. *Guest starring singer-songwriter "Weird Al" Yankovic as Dr. Screwball Jones.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Boy Wander	Comedy	9.0	Wander faces a villain.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Wanders	Comedy	9.0	Wander is split into multiple personalities.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Axe	Comedy	9.0	Lord Hater fires Commander Peepers.
1616	Wander Over Yonder	The Loose Screw	Comedy	9.0	Wander and Sylvia are stuck between stopping a planetary invasion and helping an elderly lady fix her broken-down ship. June Squibb ("Nebraska") recurs as Stella Starbella.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Uncle Grandpa	Comedy	none	Uncle Grandpa, from Pete Browngardt, is based upon an Emmy-nominated short and follows the exploits of everyone in the world's "magical" uncle and grandpa.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Pizza Steve's Diary	Comedy	none	When his diary winds up in the hands of Mister Gus, Pizza Steve goes to great lengths to get it back before Mister Gus can read all of his deepest, darkest secrets.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Big Trouble for Tiny Miracle	Comedy	none	Tiny Miracle allows the gang to take advantage of his generosity at the expense of his own health to keep the RV.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	New Kid	Comedy	none	Uncle Grandpa gives a kid a haircut that is too cool for school.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Uncle Zombie	Comedy	none	Pizza Steve keeps Uncle Grandpa awake all night with terrifying consequences.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Uncle Caveman	Comedy	none	In this prehistoric-themed episode, Uncle Grandpa must save his new friend, Mr. Gus, from a horde of hungry cavemen.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Misfortune Cookie	Comedy	none	After receiving an ominous fortune, Uncle Grandpa must snoop out whom among his friends is an enemy in disguise.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Wasteland	Comedy	none	Trash piles overflow when Uncle Grandpa neglects his garbage duties.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Duck Lips	Comedy	none	A young girl is stuck with duck lips.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Numbskull	Comedy	none	A head Injury turns Mr. Gus into a bumbling fool whose wacky antics make him Uncle Grandpa's coolest friend. No longer the focus of Uncle Grandpa's attention, a jealous Pizza Steve tries to desperately to get back normal. Mr. Gus has to restore social balance in the RV.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Body Trouble	Comedy	none	When Uncle Grandpa and Belly Bag have a disagreement, they separate and try to make each other jealous.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Shower Party	Comedy	none	Things get out of hand when Andrew W. K. helps Pizza Steve and Mr. Gus throw a party while Uncle Grandpa is in the shower.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Uncle Grandpa Land	Comedy	none	Pizza Steve must find a way to sneak onto his own rollercoaster at the newly opened Uncle Grandpa Land.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Taco Comet	Comedy	none	Uncle Grandpa and the gang go undercover to taste the most sought after treat in the cosmos: the Taco Comet.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	The Fan	Comedy	none	Uncle Grandpa's number one fan gets more than he bargained for when Uncle Grandpa overstays his welcome.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	The Package	Comedy	none	The gang gets nutty after repeatedly failing to open a mysterious package.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Are You Talkin' To Tree	Comedy	none	When the tree inside the RV begins talking to Uncle Grandpa, he must convince the gang that he's not going crazy.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Older	Comedy	none	When Uncle Grandpa mistakenly transforms a young boy into a three-hundred-year-old man, he must manage to turn the kid back to normal before anyone gets hurt.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Guest Directed Shorts	Comedy	none	A showcase of three Uncle Grandpa shorts presented in three unique animation styles.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Weird Badge	Comedy	none	Uncle Grandpa helps a young girl learn unconventional survival skills that help rescue her endangered camping troop.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	The Great Spaghetti Western	Comedy	none	In this wild-western episode, Mr. Gus repeatedly runs afoul of a crooked mayor (Pizza Steve) while winning the hears of the townsfolk.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Pal.0	Comedy	none	When the RV's talking computer system malfunctions, Uncle Grandpa and the gang must figure out a way to stop the rogue computer and restore life in the RV back to normal.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Uncle Grandpa At The Movies	Comedy	none	When Uncle Grandpa and Pizza Steve cause a ruckus at the movies, Mr. Gus is forced to play the hero in order to save the day.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Bottom Bag	Comedy	none	After receiving a new bag friend, Belly Bag has to realize its nefarious intentions to completely replace Belly Bag and stop it before it's too late.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Watermelon Gag	Comedy	none	When Uncle Grandpa gets a watermelon stuck in his mouth, he is unable to ask for help and people interpret it as a comedy routine. As Uncle Grandpa's popularity rises, his friendships and morale suffer.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Uncle Grandpa Babies	Comedy	none	When the President calls in the Uncle Grandpa babies, they have to act quickly and use their special baby powers to defuse a missile.
1617	Uncle Grandpa	Birdman	Comedy	none	When Birdman makes the RV's attic his new home, Uncle Grandpa and the gang must figure out a way to make him leave before they're all driven crazy.
1619	Danger 5	Danger 5	Comedy	7.0	Set in a bizarre, 1960s inspired version of World War II, action comedy series Danger 5 follows a team of five spies on a mission to kill Adolf Hitler.
1619	Danger 5	I Danced For Hitler	Comedy	7.0	The Nazis steal the Eiffel Tower and set their sights on the Statue of Liberty. Meanwhile, Ilsa and Clair are captured and held in a dungeon.
1619	Danger 5	Lizard Soldiers Of The Third Reich	Comedy	7.0	The quintet face off against Nazi dinosaurs, and take on an evil Nazi scientist inside his volcano laboratory. But, will they catch Hitler? Only action will tell.
1619	Danger 5	Kill-Men Of The Rising Sun	Comedy	7.0	The Danger 5 gang investigate when Japan vanishes.
1619	Danger 5	Hitler's Golden Murder Palace	Comedy	7.0	The team travels to Morocco to investigate the disappearance of an agent in one of Hitler's casinos.
1619	Danger 5	Back to the Fuhrer	Comedy	7.0	Danger 5 go back to World War II in an attempt to stop Hitler from changing the fabric of time. Ignoring the perils of messing with the space-time continuum, Tucker is dead set on changing the course of history for his own selfish motives while Pierre suffers the consequences. Jackson and Ilsa have a run-in with their past selves and share advice on the future. Meanwhile Hitler is holding Colonel Chestbridge hostage in his mountain lair.
1619	Danger 5	Welcome to Hitlerland	Comedy	7.0	Welcome to Hitlerland - In the final instalment of Danger 5, the team find themselves in an alternate future where Hitler is undisputed ruler of the universe. In Hitlerland everyone speaks German, everyone loves dogs and worst of all, everything is vegetarian! Danger 5 embark on a quest across space dodging Hitler's deception at every turn. They encounter old friends, new foes and a talking pelican on this epic quest to save the universe.
1631	K.C. Undercover	K.C. Undercover	Comedy	8.0	K.C. is 16, very outspoken and confident technology wiz and is a skilled black belt who discovers that both her parents are spies and they expect her to follow in their footsteps
1631	K.C. Undercover	Pilot	Comedy	8.0	Cooper, a high school math whiz and martial arts expert, learns her parents are spies when they recruit her to join them in the secret government agency. The newly appointed teen spy takes on her first undercover assignment, which coincides with her school dance. The mission: apprehend an enemy teen spy and recover the code for a virus designed to render every mobile device useless.
1631	K.C. Undercover	My Sister from Another Mother... Board	Comedy	8.0	Tries to convince her parents that her brother, Ernie, who is a genius with computers but pretty clumsy at everything else, is ready to become a spy. However, Craig and Kira have a different plan and introduce them to their new little sister, Judy - a sophisticated humanoid robot disguised as a precocious 10-year-old.
1631	K.C. Undercover	Give Me A 'K'! Give Me A 'C'!	Comedy	8.0	Reluctantly agrees to try out for cheerleading with Marisa so they can spend more time together. Meanwhile, Craig tries to bond with Ernie over sports, but quickly learns his son's gaming skills are better online than on the field.
1631	K.C. Undercover	Off the Grid	Comedy	8.0	K.C. and Ernie team with their retired spy grandparents to rescue Craig and Kira from a dangerous mission.
1631	K.C. Undercover	Photo Bombed	Comedy	8.0	Marisa has been named a finalist in a photo contest and her winning photo could be in magazines and billboards everywhere; the only problem is her entry photo is of K.C.
1631	K.C. Undercover	How K.c. Got Her Swag Back	Comedy	8.0	When K.C. loses her confidence after making a big mistake on a mission, Marisa goes on her own mission to get her bestie back on her game.
1631	K.C. Undercover	Daddy's Little Princess	Comedy	8.0	The Coopers are assigned to protect Prince Promomomo and must hide the teenage leader in their home for a few days. But when K.C. and the Prince become smitten with each other, Craig quickly puts his spy duties aside to remind the Prince that as K.C.'s father, he is the king.
1631	K.C. Undercover	Assignment: Get That Assignment!	Comedy	8.0	When Agent Beverly from The Organization hassles K.C. for her last mission report, the same classified information that Marisa has inadvertently used as her class paper, the best friends must race against the clock to get the assignment back.
1631	K.C. Undercover	Spy-Anoia Will Destroy Ya	Comedy	8.0	When K.C.'s somewhat awkward brother Ernie brings home his new girlfriend Jolie, a smart and super gorgeous exchange student, K.C. is convinced she is really a spy.
1631	K.C. Undercover	Double Crossed Part 1	Comedy	8.0	When The Organization assigns Junior Spy of the Year, Brett Willis, to go undercover as K.C.'s boyfriend for a mission, K.C. winds up having real feelings for him. Meanwhile, Craig and Kira receive alarming news that their old arch rival Zane is back and determined to destroy them.
1631	K.C. Undercover	Double Crossed Part 2	Comedy	8.0	Zane has captured K.C., but her family has no idea because the evil agent has created a K.C. look alike to take her place and defeat the Cooper family.
1631	K.C. Undercover	Double Crossed Part 3	Comedy	8.0	The K.C. doppelgänger gains access to The Organization, now Kira and Craig must race against the clock to save their daughter and the agency.
1631	K.C. Undercover	Stakeout Takeout	Comedy	8.0	When K.C. decides to take a must needed vacation during a stakeout to catch a notorious robber, Ernie finally gets a chance to "bake the biscuits" and prove to his dad and K.C., that he is more than just the computer guy.
1631	K.C. Undercover	The Neighborhood Watchdogs	Comedy	8.0	When Mrs. Goldfeder's house is robbed, K.C. recruits her dad to organize and lead a neighborhood watch group, much to his chagrin. Meanwhile, Trinitee enlists Pentatonix to help her deliver a special message to Petey.
1631	K.C. Undercover	First Friend	Comedy	8.0	K.C. goes undercover as a college student at The University of Maryland to befriend and protect the President of The Organization's daughter, Eliza. Meanwhile, Judy tries to talk Ernie into letting her join his Adventure Scout troupe.
1631	K.C. Undercover	Operation: Other Side Part 1	Comedy	8.0	K.C. and her mom work undercover in a correctional facility and have to face off against each other to maintain K.C.'s cover as a tough criminal and Kira's as a guard.
1631	K.C. Undercover	Operation: Other Side Part 2	Comedy	8.0	K.C. goes even deeper undercover into The Other Side's training ground and is close to getting the intel she needs, when she discovers Brett is her new training officer.
1631	K.C. Undercover	K.C and the Vanishing Lady	Comedy	8.0	The Cooper family tries to take a much-needed vacation from spying, but their plans are interrupted when a wealthy socialite vanishes from their resort and K.C. is determined to find out what happened.
1631	K.C. Undercover	Debutante Baller	Comedy	8.0	Kira tricks K.C. into participating in the mother daughter Cotillion Ball by telling her it's an undercover mission. But K.C. puts a damper on her mom's plans when she enlists Marisa to help her go from her usual tomboy drab to Debutant glam.
1631	K.C. Undercover	K.C.'s the Man	Comedy	8.0	K.C. goes undercover as a male cadet with Ernie to rescue an agent's son at an all boys' cadet academy.
1631	K.C. Undercover	Runaway Robot Part 1	Comedy	8.0	K.C. Cooper enlists the help of former spy and computer engineering expert Simone Deveraux when her family's sophisticated robot, Judy, runs away and is captured by enemy agents.
1631	K.C. Undercover	Runaway Robot Part 2	Comedy	8.0	K.C. enlists the help of Simone Deveraux, former spy and computer engineering expert, when her family's robot runs away and is captured by enemy agents.
1640	Apparitions	Apparitions	Action	none	Apparitions is a drama series starring Martin Shaw. The series is written by Joe Ahearne. Father Jacob is a Jesuit priest working for the Congregation for the Causes of Saints. He investigates strange occurrences.
1649	First Wave	First Wave	Drama	7.9	In 1564 Nostradamus predicted the destruction of Earth in 3 terrifying waves. . . The First Wave is here! Cade Foster thought he had seen everything; then he learned of the secrets hidden within the quatrains of the ancient prophet Nostradamus, predictions of an alien invasion that would come in three waves and conquer the human race. The invaders would be known as the Gua, and their conquest was foretold... Or was it? Cade, together with his allies Eddie, Joshua, Jordan, and the Resistance, wage an underground battle to protect Earth's future from the First Wave of the Gua invasion, and to seek out clues hidden in the ancient prophecies, clues that might mean the difference between survival and extinction for all humanity. Can disaster be averted? Can the future be rewritten? Can the Gua be stopped? For Cade Foster, surrender is not an option. He will either stop the Gua invasio
1656	Lexx	Lexx	Science-Fiction	6.3	Hailed as "the most imaginative Sci-Fi since The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" (New York Daily News), Lexx follows the nomadic existence of four misfit characters who have inadvertently stolen the most powerful weapon of destruction ever made: a Manhattan-sized, genetically-modified insect-ship. In its debut season, the Lexx's quirky crew—former security guard, Captain Stanley Tweedle; the luscious love slave Zev; the dead-but-deadly assassin Kai; and the robot head 790.
1658	Mortal Kombat: Conquest	Mortal Kombat: Conquest	Action	none	In each of us, there burns a soul of a warrior. In every generation, a few are chosen to prove it. Centuries ago, in a time of darkness and fury, that fate befell three strangers. A monk, Kung Lao, an exiled guard, Siro, and a thief, Taja, who have to defend our Earth Realm from the forces of Outworld. By fighting for their lives, by fighting for their honour and by fighting for their realm in a tournament called Mortal Kombat.
1663	Robin of Scherwood	Robin of Scherwood	Action	none	This acclaimed British series adds a bit of sorcery and mysticism to the swordplay and social justice that make the Robin Hood legend so enduring. Heading up the superb ensemble cast are Michael Praed (Dynasty) as Robin of Loxley, Ray Winstone (Beowulf) as seething-mad Scarlet, and Nickolas Grace (Brideshead Revisited) as the greedy, conniving Sheriff of Nottingham. In the final 13 episodes, Robert of Huntingdon (Jason Connery, Shanghai Noon) assumes Robin's mantle. Shot entirely on location in England, the series also features an award-winning score by the Irish band Clannad.
1664	S Club 7	S Club 7	Drama	none	A comedy series starring the popular british group S Club 7 and their adventures within the music business.
1665	The Shadow Line	The Shadow Line	Crime	none	Series about a murder investigated by both sides of the line, cops and criminals, and the opposing methods they use to solve it.
1668	The Tick	The Tick	Comedy	8.5	The true defender of good is here but not with an S" on his chest no, it's the big blue bug of justice known as the one, the only, the Tick.
1669	The Tick	The Tick	Comedy	8.3	Attention evil-doers! The Tick is here, and he's wearing the blue tights of justice! Together with his trusty moth-costumed sidekick Arthur, The Tick keeps the streets of The City safe from a rogue's gallery of hilariously malevolent villains. So grab a snack, put your feet up, and get ready to laugh and cheer as everyone's favorite brawny hero swats evil on the snout with the rolled-up newspaper of goodness!
1673	The Water Margin	The Water Margin	Drama	none	The ancient sages said, "do not despise the snake for having no horns, for who is to say it will not become a dragon?". So may one just man become an army. Nearly a thousand years ago in ancient China, at the time of the Sung dynasty, there was a cruel and corrupt government. These men riding are outlaws - heroes - who have been driven to live in the Water Margins of Liang Shan Po, far to the south of the capital city. Each fights tyranny with a price on his head, in a world very different from our own. The story starts in legend even then - for our heroes, it was said, were perhaps the souls reborn of other, earlier knights...
1676	Dragon Ball Kai	Dragon Ball Kai	Action	none	A remastered version of Dragon Ball Z that adheres more to the manga's story. This version includes newly recorded dialog by the original voice actors, new sound effects, new OP/ED sequences, and a brand new HD video transfer.
1678	Poldark	Poldark	Drama	9.0	Britain is in the grip of a chilling recession... falling wages, rising prices, civil unrest - only the bankers are smiling. It's 1783 and Ross Poldark returns from the American War of Independence to his beloved Cornwall to find his world in ruins: his father dead, the family mine long since closed, his house wrecked and his sweetheart pledged to marry his cousin. But Ross finds that hope and love can be found when you are least expecting it in the wild but beautiful Cornish landscape
1678	Poldark	Episode 1	Drama	9.0	Drama set in 1780s Cornwall. Ross Poldark returns from the battlefield to find his father dead, the estate in ruins and his sweetheart Elizabeth engaged to his cousin.
1678	Poldark	Episode 2	Drama	9.0	2/8 Ross plans to reopen his family mine with Francis. Demelza struggles to fit in at Nampala.
1678	Poldark	Episode 3	Drama	9.0	Ross celebrates the opening of Wheal Leisure as rumours spread of a scandalous relationship between him and Demelza. Francis and Elizabeth celebrate the birth of their new son. Ross must fight to save his friend Jim, sparring in court with Reverend Halse.
1678	Poldark	Episode 4	Drama	9.0	News of Ross and Demelza's marriage spreads through the community, damaging Wheal Leisure's prospects. Demelza is filled with anxiety when Francis and Elizabeth invite the newlyweds to spend Christmas at Trenwith.
1678	Poldark	Episode 5	Drama	9.0	Demelza gives birth and resolves to help Verity reconcile with Captain Blamey. Ross welcomes old friend Dr Dwight Enys to Cornwall, and Francis's persistent gambling threatens the security of all he holds dear.
1678	Poldark	Episode 6	Drama	9.0	With Jim gravely ill in Bodmin jail, Ross and Dwight launch a desperate mission to save him. Demelza is excited to attend a grand ball held by George, who is determined to ruin Ross and his smelting company.
1678	Poldark	Episode 7	Drama	9.0	Francis wrongly blames Ross for helping Verity elope with Andrew Blamey. Meanwhile, Mark suspects Dwight and Keren of having an affair, starting a chain of events which will have tragic consequences and threaten the safety of everyone at Nampara.
1678	Poldark	Episode 8	Drama	9.0	In the final episode of the series, George expands the Warleggan empire, launching a new ship and bankrupting Carnmore. Ross blames Francis, but when Francis and Elizabeth fall sick with a life-threatening illness, Demelza risks her own life to save them.
1688	Scoundrels	Scoundrels	Drama	none	"Scoundrels" is a one-hour comedy/drama series produced by ABC Studios that focuses on a family of small-time criminals who try to go straight after the father is sent to prison. Virginia Madsen, Independent Spirit Award winner as well as an Academy Award and Golden Globe nominee ("Sideways," "The Astronaut Farmer"), will play Cheryl West, the mother who must take charge and try to keep her kids on the straight and narrow.
1691	The Listener	The Listener	Crime	8.9	In this one-hour drama, Toby Logan is a 24-year-old paramedic living with a secret: he can read people's minds. This telepathic procedural takes viewers into the heart of a tortured hero who struggles to solve crimes with his unique gift. Week-to-week, The Listener balances high-stakes drama with irreverent humor and sends Toby on an intellectual and emotional adventure.
1692	Lone Star	Lone Star	Drama	none	From Chris Keyser and Amy Lippman, the creators of "Party of Five"; Marc Webb, the director of "(500) Days of Summer"; and creator Kyle Killen, comes LONESTAR, a provocative soap set against the backdrop of big Texas oil. ROBERT/BOB ALLEN (newcomer James Wolk) is a charismatic and brilliant schemer who has meticulously constructed two lives in two different parts of Texas. He's juggling two identities and two women in two very different worlds - all under one mountain of lies. As "Bob," he lives in Houston and is married to CAT (Adrianne Palicki, "Friday Night Lights"), the beautiful daughter of CLINT (Jon Voight, 24, "Midnight Cowboy"), the patriarch of an ultra-wealthy Texas oil family. More than 400 miles away in the suburban west Texas town of Midland, he's "Robert," living a second life with his sweet, naive girlfriend, LINDSAY (Eloise Mumford, "Mercy," "Law & Order: SVU"). In Midland, he plays the perfect boyfriend while secretly bilking local investors of their savings. In Houston, he's a devoted husband, charming Cat and her family to cement his position in the rich family business he aims to clean out. Bob has lived both lives successfully for years without arousing any suspicions...so far. While one brother-in-law, DREW (Bryce Johnson, "Popular," "The Mentalist"), admires Bob, his other brother-in-law, TRAMMELL (Mark Deklin, "Nip/Tuck," "Desperate Housewives"), is suspicious of his motives. Bob begins to fear his secret lives may unravel. With the cons closing in on him, Bob is divided by his love for two women; his loyalty to his father and mentor, JOHN (David Keith, "An Officer and a Gentleman," "The Class"); and his respect for his father-in-law, Clint. Now as he tries to hold his two lives together, while fending off angry investors and the suspicions of those around him, Bob puts it all on the line hoping he can beat the odds, leave the schemes behind and keep two separate relationships afloat.
1695	Cuéntame como pasó	Cuéntame como pasó	Drama	none	Cuéntame cómo pasó (English: Tell me how it happened), also known as Cuéntame, is a Spanish television series which has been broadcast by the Spanish public TV channel TVE1 since 2001. Its original name (Tell me) had to be changed for copyright reasons.The series recounts the experiences of a middle-class family, the Alcántaras (in Spanish Los Alcántara), during the last years of the rule of Francisco Franco and the beginning of the Spanish Transition to democracy. Its name comes from a famous song by the Spanish 1960s pop group Fórmula V, titled Tell Me. The producer of the series is Miguel Ángel Bernardeau.The series was created to celebrate the first 25 years since Spain's transition to democracy, and its didactic spirit is clearly evident in some of the episodes. It includes documentary interviews with historical figures of the era, such as people concerned with the assassination of then prime minister Carrero Blanco and the death of Franco.The first episode was broadcast on September 13, 2001. The series begins in April 1968 with the victory in the Eurovision song contest of the singer Massiel. The story reflects changes in Spain beginning in that year.In December 2008, TVE and Ganga Group announced that the series, in its 10th season, had achieved very good audience levels, and would be renewed for up to 3 more seasons, with the storyline moving firmly into the 1980s and the "Movida madrileña".Through situations, characters, and attitudes of the era, the series evokes a wistful reminiscence of those times. In this respect it can be compared to the series The Wonder Years, which did the same thing for US history.This series influenced the Portuguese series Conta-me como foi, which starts the same year (1968) and goes to 1974, the year of the 25 de Abril. It has the participation of Portuguese actors such as Rita Blanco and Miguel Guilherme.
1696	Nazi Megastructures	Nazi Megastructures	War	8.0	Did you know? In the quest for world domination, the Nazis built some of the biggest and deadliest pieces of military hardware and malevolent technology in history? Creating huge terror machines, hi-tech superguns and some of the original weapons of mass destruction, their aim was to control a nation, conquer a continent and win the war! Over six unforgettable episodes, Nazi Megastructures uncovers the hidden remains of Hitler's most ambitious Megastructures, telling the stories of the engineering geniuses that designed them and revealing how these structures sparked a technological revolution that changed warfare forever
1696	Nazi Megastructures	The Atlantic Wall	War	8.0	Discover the story behind the defensive wall, stretching thousands of kilometres, built by the Third Reich to protect themselves from the Allies
1696	Nazi Megastructures	V2 Rocket Bases	War	8.0	Discover how Nazi scientist Wernher von Braun heralded the birth of ballistic missiles and laid the technological foundations for the space race.
1696	Nazi Megastructures	U-Boat Base	War	8.0	To create a safe haven in port for their lethal U-boat submarines, the Nazis built massive, impenetrable submarine pens that still survive today.
1696	Nazi Megastructures	Super Tanks	War	8.0	The story of Nazi engineers tasked with fulfilling Hitler's megalomaniac demand for the construction of a land battleship weighing 1,000 tons.
1696	Nazi Megastructures	Hitler's Jet Caves	War	8.0	Explore the story behind one of the most advanced aeroplanes of WWII, the Messerschmitt Me 262, and the subterranean bat-cave where it was built.
1696	Nazi Megastructures	Fortress Berlin	War	8.0	April 1945. Safe in his heavily fortified Führerbunker in the centre of Berlin, Hitler prepares for the Allies' final attack.
1696	Nazi Megastructures	The Wolfs Lair	War	8.0	A secret headquarters of concrete and steel is the heart of Hitler's plans for domination and the key to a Nazi conspiracy - the Wolf's Lair.
1696	Nazi Megastructures	Hitler's Megaships	War	8.0	The Bismarck and Tirpitz were battleships of record breaking proportions, ultimate status symbols of the Third Reich and hunted by the Allies.
1696	Nazi Megastructures	Himmler's SS	War	8.0	In a quest for world domination, the Nazis built some of the biggest, deadliest pieces of military hardware and malevolent technology in history.
1696	Nazi Megastructures	V1: Hitler's Vengeance Missile	War	8.0	In retaliation for Allied bombing raids, Hitler ordered the development of the V1. The first cruise missile, it changed the face of war forever.
1696	Nazi Megastructures	Kamikaze Suicide Bombers	War	8.0	As America closes in on Japan in 1944, the Japanese turn to desperate new tactics: killer planes and super torpedoes guided by human pilots.
1696	Nazi Megastructures	Hitler's Siegfried Line	War	8.0	The campaign to breach Hitler's 400 mile-long Siegfried Line took more than six months and cost the American forces 140,000 casualties.
1698	Vientos de Agua	Vientos de Agua	Drama	none	A drama series that traces a Spanish man's emigration to Argentina in the 1930s, and, years later, his son's return to modern-day Spain.
1710	One Big Happy	One Big Happy	Comedy	6.0	Best friends Lizzy and Luke are like family. As kids, they saw each other's parents go through divorce and have ever since formed an inseparable bond. Now, all grown up and still single, they've decided to start a family of their own, but in a non-traditional way. Lizzy, who is a lesbian, wants to raise a child with Luke by her side. Then one night, Luke falls for Prudence, a free-spirited British girl who's due to go back to England in a matter of days. Then, just as Lizzy discovers that she's actually pregnant, Luke announces that he and Prudence have gotten married and in an instant - a different kind of family is born.
1710	One Big Happy	Pilot	Comedy	6.0	Luke and Lizzy have been inseparable since childhood. Now all grown up and in their 30s, they have decided to have a baby - in a non-traditional way. Lizzy, who is gay, is really ready to become a mom and who better to be the dad than her best friend Luke. Then, just as Lizzy discovers she is actually pregnant, Luke surprises her with the news that he has fallen in love and married Prudence, a free-spirited, British beauty who was due to go back to England in a matter of days. Suddenly, a different kind of family is born and the three must learn how to make it work together.
1710	One Big Happy	Out of the Closet	Comedy	6.0	Prudence moves in to Luke and Lizzy's apartment and her mess of boxes and belongings throws Lizzy for a loop. Prudence also pushes Lizzy to clean out a closet with her ex-girlfriend's things, which forces Lizzy to deal with some repressed feelings. Meanwhile, Luke is also adjusting to having Prudence in their lives and her marionette puppets are causing him some sleepless nights.
1710	One Big Happy	Flight Risk	Comedy	6.0	The ever-adventurous Prudence convinces Luke and Lizzy that they need to spice up their lives. Their idea of a good time is tackling the Farmers Market each week. Fearing that his new bride will find him too boring, Luke takes a chance at skydiving - with some disastrous results.
1710	One Big Happy	Crushing It	Comedy	6.0	On a group trip to the gym, Lizzy spies her secret crush, Kate and with the help of Luke, and Prudence, she initiates a conversation that leads to some plans for group bowling. Later, Luke and Prudence help get Lizzy an appointment with the best OB-GYN in the city and Lizzy is ecstatic - until they arrive to a big surprise. Meanwhile, Prudence realizes that Lizzy's pregnancy is making her feel left out and Leisha helps her explain her feelings to Luke.
1710	One Big Happy	A Tale of Two Hubbies	Comedy	6.0	On a group trip to Las Vegas, Luke, Prudence and Lizzy visit the chapel where Nick and Prudence got married - only to discover that it was a sham and their marriage is not legal. Lizzy takes it upon herself to plan a spectacular new wedding with a special surprise. However, the group is in for an even bigger surprise about Prudence's past life in England.
1710	One Big Happy	Wedlocked	Comedy	6.0	After Luke learns about a secret that Prudence has been keeping from everyone, he disappears - leaving both their future and her immigration status in serious jeopardy. While Lizzy attempts to console Prudence and fix the situation, Luke hits the bars with Markus. And when all looks lost, Lizzy jumps in with a big, bold solution that will catch everyone by surprise.
1716	Little Britain	Little Britain	Comedy	none	The zany comedy show with Matt Lucas and David Walliams, featuring characters from all over Little Britain.
1718	Goodness Gracious Me	Goodness Gracious Me	Comedy	none	Sketch show starring Sanjeev Bhaskar, Kulvinder Ghir, Meera Syal and Nina Wadia.
1719	Mr. Bean	Mr. Bean	Comedy	9.5	The first episode of the original Mr Bean series starring Rowan Atkinson was first broadcast on 1st January 1990. Since then Mr Bean has become known all over the world. Created by Rowan Atkinson, Richard Curtis and Robin Driscoll, there were only 14 episodes ever made.The original series emerged from Rowan Atkinson's stage revues of the 1980′s which featured the silent odd-ball. Rowan Atkinson's comic acting genius has created a highly original work for television. The Mr Bean series has been sold to 190 territories worldwide and has won an International Emmy and the Golden Rose of Montreux…
1720	The League of Gentlemen	The League of Gentlemen	Comedy	10.0	Dark, surreal comedy about the strange inhabitants of the small town of Royston Vasey.
1721	The Bible	The Bible	Drama	none	The Bible comes to life in HISTORY's epic new series. From Genesis to Revelation, these unforgettable stories unfold through live action and cutting-edge computer-generated imagery, offering new insight into famous scenes and iconic characters. Created by producer Mark Burnett and featuring an international cast that includes Roma Downey, this 10-hour docudrama explores the sacred text's most significant episodes, including Noah's journey in the ark, the Exodus and the life of Jesus.
1727	Little Women: NY	Little Women: NY	Drama	none	If fans thought the ladies of LA had challenges, wait until they see "Little Women: NY." This group of friends navigates the Big Apple while facing obstacles that test people even of average height, including hailing cabs, catching subways, traversing the crowded streets and just about everything else that's part of a New Yorker's hectic life. Viewers first got a glimpse of New York's Lila Call, when she made waves with the "Little Women: LA" cast and now they'll get to see her in action on her home turf with her group of east coast besties including Jordanna, Misty, Dawn, Jazmin, Kristin and Jason. While they all scramble to try to make it big in Manhattan, the unique clique supports one another every step of the way as they prove that "if they can make it there, they'll make it anywhere."
1729	Harvey Beaks	Harvey Beaks	Comedy	none	This 26-episode series, created and executive produced by C.H. Greenblatt (Chowder), tells the story of the unlikely friendship between Harvey, a kid who's never broken the rules, and Fee and Foo, his two friends who've never lived by any.
1729	Harvey Beaks	Fee's Haircut	Comedy	none	After Fee gets her first ever haircut, she has to decide what's better: looking awesome or being awesome.
1729	Harvey Beaks	Harvey's Favorite Book	Comedy	none	Harvey feels jealous when all the kids fall in love with his favorite detective book series.
1729	Harvey Beaks	Dad Band	Comedy	none	Harvey helps his father's garage band become successful.
1729	Harvey Beaks	Foo's Panic Room	Comedy	none	Foo is afraid that everyone wants to steal his favorite berries, so he locks himself and the fruit in a box.
1729	Harvey Beaks	A Day of No To-Do	Comedy	none	When Harvey goes overboard with his new day planner, Fee tries to show him how to be more spontaneous
1729	Harvey Beaks	Recipe for Disaster	Comedy	none	Harvey enlists the help of the twins to cook a fancy dinner for his parents.
1729	Harvey Beaks	King of Pranks	Comedy	none	Harvey pulls off the biggest prank on Littlebark Grove. But by not wanting to upset anyone with the truth, he has to keep it going and going.
1729	Harvey Beaks	Randl's Scandl	Comedy	none	When Randl decides to cut ties with his mother, Fee and Foo try to make him see how perfect she is.
1731	Olympus	Olympus	Adventure	5.4	The 13-part mythological drama series Olympus takes viewers into the action-packed world of humans, Gods and monsters. Starring Matt Frewer (Max Headroom, Orphan Black), Sonita Henry (Star Trek, The Fifth Element), Cas Anvar (Argo, The Expanse) and Graham Shiels (Guardians of the Galaxy, Thor: Dark World), the gripping series captures the dangerous courage of a few brave men and women who banished the Gods to the realm of the unconscious - a place they called the Underworld or the Kingdom of Hades.
1731	Olympus	The Temple of Gaia	Adventure	5.4	Hero embarks on a daring journey to rescue the Oracle of Gaia from the cave of the Cyclops and then bring her safely to the temple so that she can answer the riddle of his life in the series premiere of this mythological drama set in Ancient Greece in a world where humans, gods and monsters interact.
1731	Olympus	Daedalus	Adventure	5.4	Oracle, Hero and the genius inventor Daedalus form an unlikely alliance to find the Ring of the Magi, which is Hero's birthright.
1731	Olympus	Ring of the Magi	Adventure	5.4	Hero, Oracle and Daedalus narrowly escape capture by warrior priests while searching for the Ring of Magi; and Medea walks into a dangerous trap.
1731	Olympus	Minos	Adventure	5.4	Hero, Oracle and Daedalus are kidnapped by ruthless Minoans and brought before King Minos and his sadistic daughter Ariadne, who subjects the trio to vicious torture. Meanwhile, the situation in Athens grows more dire, compelling Medea to arrange for a mercenary to pull off a rescue mission.
1731	Olympus	Blood Brothers	Adventure	5.4	Hero makes his way to Athens to confront King Aegeus, only to be arrested and turned over to Prince Lykos, who has discovered Hero's identity and is out for blood. Back at the Minoan camp, Daedalus unveils his plans for the ultimate war machine.
1731	Olympus	The Lexicon	Adventure	5.4	Medea and Aegeus work to persuade Hero to solve the riddle of the Lexicon in hopes that he'll use his power to save Athens. However, Hero's skeptical of their true intentions and unsure of the course of action he should take.
1731	Olympus	Love and Time	Adventure	5.4	Hero learns the only way to unlock his destiny is by taking the life of someone he loves when he and Medea travel to the Temple of Aphrodite; at the same time, Medea's sister, a Magi warrior and cold-blooded killer, shows up to reclaim her sacred ring.
1731	Olympus	Danger and Desire	Adventure	5.4	King Minos invades Athens with the intent of killing the royal family, but instead strikes a bargain with Hero to spare their lives in exchange for the Lexicon. Meanwhile, Hero devises a bold plan that will either set him on the road to Olympus, or lead to the demise of everyone he holds dear.
1731	Olympus	Pandora's Tomb	Adventure	5.4	Hero and Ariadne develop feelings for one another during their journey to Olympus. Meanwhile, Lykos and Aegeus are back in Athens being held in dank prison caves where they must hide their identities, or suffer the terrifying rage of the other inmates.
1731	Olympus	Heritage	Adventure	5.4	Oracle discovers the truth about the Lexicon, while Hero attempts the dangerous deeds needed to fulfill his destiny. After Pandora's tomb is opened, Hero and Medea rush back to the safety of the palace, where King Aegeus engages in a battle to the death.
1731	Olympus	The Speed of Time	Adventure	5.4	Hero, trapped in the frozen palace, has a chilling vision of Gaia informing him that he'll die if he attempts to enter Olympus. Trying to escape this fate, he comes to the realization that in order to survive he'll need Medea's faith in the gods, Daedalus' scientific genius and Oracle's visionary gifts.
1731	Olympus	Door to Olympus	Adventure	5.4	Medea trades her body and soul to the demon goddess Circe in exchange for leading her, Hero, Daedalus and Oracle to the door of Olympus. As they make their dangerous trek, they are sidetracked by deadly Fates and the trickster god Hermes.
1731	Olympus	Truth	Adventure	5.4	Hero and Oracle are faced with the most daunting task ever asked of mortal man.
1734	The Lizzie Borden Chronicles	The Lizzie Borden Chronicles	Horror	7.0	"The Lizzie Borden Chronicles" delivers an intense and fictionalized account of actual events and people surrounding Lizzie's life after her controversial acquittal of the horrific double murder of her father and stepmother in 1892, when the exonerated figure lives a life awash in newfound celebrity filled with scandalous love affairs. But when numerous people close to Lizzie - ranging from her half-brother William (Andrew Howard, Hatfields & McCoys(TM)) to Broadway luminaries and her business associate/underworld kingpin Mr. Flowers (Emmy nominee Jonathan Banks, Breaking Bad) - start to mysteriously die under brutal and strange circumstances, legendary Pinkerton detective Charlie Siringo (Cole Hauser, Good Will Hunting) becomes determined to prove her involvement in their ultimate demise. Jessy Schram (Falling Skies) plays Nancy O'Keefe, an alluring and ambitious actress and dancer who befriends Lizzie, and Emmy nominee John Heard (The Sopranos) portrays William Almy, the business partner of Lizzie's murdered father, Andrew.
1734	The Lizzie Borden Chronicles	Acts Of Borden (Pilot)	Horror	7.0	After her shocking 1893 acquittal for the brutal axe-murders of her parents in Fall River, Massachusetts, Lizzie Borden, ignores the scorn of neighbors to restart her life with her loving older sister, Emma. But renowned Texas Pinkerton agent Charles Siringo shows up determined to find the real truth behind the murders. Their father's ex-business partner, William Almy demands payment of a colossal debt that will bankrupt the sisters. And their shiftless half-brother blackmails them with a dark secret. Lizzie is forced to reappraise the tranquil life she had in mind, and may have to resort to old bloody ways to escape this treacherous bind.
1734	The Lizzie Borden Chronicles	Patron Of The Arts	Horror	7.0	Lizzie and sister Emma break out of their Victorian comfort zone at a debauched bohemian party in New York City. En route home, Lizzie saves a street prostitute from a vicious beating, then gives the scared young woman refuge in her own house. But her charity incurs the wrath of notorious local gangster, Mr. Flowers. A surprise visit by a dashing New York playwright is an amusing distraction as he plies his charm to convince Lizzie to finance his latest work. Pinkerton agent Siringo turns up fresh evidence that further incriminates Lizzie, while a sordid encounter between the hooker and the writer leads Lizzie to mediate the problem in her unique way.
1734	The Lizzie Borden Chronicles	Flowers	Horror	7.0	Lizzie plans a lavish housewarming party in her new mansion, when a beautiful New York actress shows up, distressed about her missing brother last seen with Lizzie. Local gangster Mr. Flowers twists the screws on Lizzie in an extortion scheme. Charles Siringo finally meets his anonymous employer, bent on finding the truth about Lizzie, and it doesn't go well. Both Mr. Flowers and Siringo discover too late that their manipulations backfire. Meanwhile, Lizzie's party is a surprising success, and, as a bonus, it infuriates her spiteful neighbors. The only problem is that pesky actress... Ever resourceful, Lizzie finds an opportunity to quash two threats at once.
1734	The Lizzie Borden Chronicles	Welcome to Maplecroft	Horror	7.0	Pinkerton agent Charles Siringo and stage star Nance O'Keefe, who grows more desperate in her search for her missing brother, have been outplayed by Lizzie. But now they join forces against her. The sleazy new boss of Fall River's underworld, Skipjack, gleefully exploits a lethal secret Lizzie wants hidden. A haughty neighbor incites Lizzie's wrath by mistreating her dog. Worst of all, a romance threatens to come between Lizzie and her beloved her sister, Emma. When Nance uses her wiles to get Skipjack to spill his guts, her frenzied revenge against Lizzie spills blood... just not the blood Nance intended. Meantime, Lizzie mops up her animal-abusing neighbor with a spill of a different sort.
1734	The Lizzie Borden Chronicles	Cold Storage	Horror	7.0	Pinkerton agent Charles Siringo and stage star Nance O'Keefe, who grows more desperate in her search for her missing brother, have been outplayed by Lizzie. But now they join forces against her. The sleazy new boss of Fall River's underworld, Skipjack, gleefully exploits a lethal secret Lizzie wants hidden. A haughty neighbor incites Lizzie's wrath by mistreating her dog. Worst of all, a romance threatens to come between Lizzie and her beloved her sister, Emma. When Nance uses her wiles to get Skipjack to spill his guts, her frenzied revenge against Lizzie spills blood... just not the blood Nance intended. Meantime, Lizzie mops up her animal-abusing neighbor with a spill of a different sort.
1734	The Lizzie Borden Chronicles	Fugitive Kind	Horror	7.0	Pinkerton agent Charles Siringo and stage star Nance O'Keefe, who grows more desperate in her search for her missing brother, have been outplayed by Lizzie. But now they join forces against her. The sleazy new boss of Fall River's underworld, Skipjack, gleefully exploits a lethal secret Lizzie wants hidden. A haughty neighbor incites Lizzie's wrath by mistreating her dog. Worst of all, a romance threatens to come between Lizzie and her beloved her sister, Emma. When Nance uses her wiles to get Skipjack to spill his guts, her frenzied revenge against Lizzie spills blood... just not the blood Nance intended. Meantime, Lizzie mops up her animal-abusing neighbor with a spill of a different sort.
1734	The Lizzie Borden Chronicles	The Sister's Grimke	Horror	7.0	Months after her showdown with Charles Siringo, Lizzie Borden has remade herself as a school teacher with a new name in a little town far from Fall River. Seeking peace in anonymity, she's here to be near her sister, Emma, whose reaction to ghastly events of the past has put her in an asylum, under the care of an egotistical but renowned doctor. Lizzie's unaware that two famed gunslingers, Bat Masterson and Tom Horn, are hunting her, driven to learn the fate of their friend, Siringo. When Lizzie helps a victimized student get justice Lizzie-style, she jeopardizes her cover. Worse, Emma makes a startling choice that leaves Lizzie devastated.
1734	The Lizzie Borden Chronicles	Capsize	Horror	7.0	Lizzie races to Boston, where Emma has taken refuge in the luxurious home of Adele Trotwood and family, with whom she has a very special connection. Stunned to find a vastly different Emma than the cherished sister she knew, Lizzie unwittingly leads Bat Masterson and Tom Horn directly into their path. However, the Trotwood family proves to be more than your average Boston Brahmins, posing an unexpected challenge to Bat and Tom. Trying to ease tensions, Emma makes an impetuous sacrifice. Lizzie plumbs the depths of her cunning to set out to ambush the gunslingers, and somehow pull the sister she dearly loves back from the abyss.
1735	Happyish	Happyish	Drama	8.0	Happyish is a scathing examination of our pursuit of happiness, a pursuit that might just be the very thing causing our unhappiness in the first place. The new half-hour pilot stars Steve Coogan as Thom Payne, a 44 year-old man whose world is thrown into disarray when his 25 year-old "wunderkind" boss arrives, saying things like "digital," "social" and "viral." Is he in need of a "rebranding," as his mentor insists, or does he just have a "low joy ceiling," as his corporate headhunter suggests? Maybe pursuing happiness is a fool's errand? Maybe, after 44 years on this ludicrous planet, settling for happyish is the best one can expect.
1735	Happyish	Starring Samuel Beckett, Albert Camus And Alois Alzheimer	Drama	8.0	A 44-year-old man's search for happiness makes him miserable. In the opener, Thom comes under pressure to rebrand himself after his agency hires Swedish creative directors to evolve the company. Meanwhile, a headhunter advises Thom to admit he's hit his joy ceiling.
1735	Happyish	Starring Marc Chagall, Abuela And Adolf Hitler	Drama	8.0	Thom loses his couch and gets a lesson in corporate America from Jonathan that involves German pornography. Meanwhile, the Swedes push a new campaign; and Lee's bubble is invaded when her mother sends Julius a package.
1735	Happyish	Starring Vladimir Nabokov, Hippocrates and God	Drama	8.0	When Julius gets ill, Thom's Catholicism and the Geico Gecko offer dueling takes on the meaning of suffering. Meanwhile, MGT departments begin the downsizing process.
1735	Happyish	Starring Sigmund Freud, Charles Bukowski and Seven Billion A**holes	Drama	8.0	Julius gets suspended for hitting Fitzgerald Miller; the Swedes continue to trouble Thom at work; Jonathan introduces the official Nazi handbook at a meeting.
1735	Happyish	Starring Josey Wales, Jesus Christ And The New York Times	Drama	8.0	Thom gets a life lesson when his train strikes and kills a commuter; Gottfrid questions Thom's priorities when he misses a morning meeting; Lee finds a new studio with a Holocaust survivor landlord.
1735	Happyish	Starring Helen Keller, Moses And Lenny Bruce	Drama	8.0	A new store at a local mall sends Lee into a tailspin; Thom takes over a campaign and consoles Larry; the Swedes try to steal Lorna while offering Thom another big account.
1735	Happyish	Starring David Ogilvy, Anton Chekhov and Gluten Enteropathy	Drama	8.0	Thom travels to LA. Lee gets a new cell phone and comforts Julius.
1735	Happyish	Starring Rene Descartes, Victor Frankenstein and HRH The Princess of Arendelle	Drama	8.0	Thom gets forced out of his office to make way for the "Ideation Room"; Lee vents on "Frozen," while helping out as lunch mom, and meets Sandy; James Deen gives three fool-proof tips on success in porn/corporate America.
1735	Happyish	Starring Bill Hicks, Joseph McCarthy and Alfred Bernhard Nobel	Drama	8.0	Thom discovers something terrible about Larry; Lee takes Julius to Hebrew school; Thom meets with Dani for advice.
1735	Happyish	Starring Christopher Hitchens, Philip Larkin and Josef Stalin	Drama	8.0	Season 1 ends with Thom quitting after writing a story involving meaning, underpants, a church and a cop.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Hungry	Comedy	7.8	In Young & Hungry, two worlds collide when Josh (Sadowski), a wealthy young tech entrepreneur, meets Gabi (Osment), a feisty young food blogger, looking to be his personal chef. Gabi is desperate for the job and must prove herself, mostly to Josh's aide (Lee), who prefers a famous chef for the job. When Josh enlists Gabi to prepare a romantic meal for him and his girlfriend, the dinner goes awry and Gabi finds herself in a very awkward position. With the help of her best friend Sofia (Carrero) and Josh's housekeeper (Whitley), Gabi turns a difficult situation into an opportunity for employment and maybe even love.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Ringless	Comedy	7.8	Gabi is excited for her first official day as Josh's new chef, but her first assignment - to prepare an elaborate Chinese dinner for Josh's visiting investors - has her questioning if she can really handle the demands of the job. Then when a valuable item goes missing, Gabi is shocked when she's accused of being the thief. And then Gabi is even more surprised when she finds out who the real culprit is.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Pregnant	Comedy	7.8	While cooking an elaborate engagement celebration for Caroline and Josh, Gabi is horrified to realize she may have a bun in the oven. And things go from bad to worse when Yolanda and Elliot mistakenly believe Caroline is the pregnant one - and immediately tell Josh.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Younger	Comedy	7.8	Sofia encourages Gabi to start dating again in the hopes she'll move on from Josh. But Josh takes an immediate dislike to Gabi's new guy, Cam, leaving Gabi confused about their relationship. And when Josh seems to discover some surprising news about Cam, Gabi refuses to believe him, which leads her to learn even more surprising news about Cam. Meanwhile, Elliot tries a little too hard to fit in with Josh's programmer friends.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Punchy	Comedy	7.8	Josh wants to hire computer genius Cooper Finley, but an awkward incident with Gabi leads Josh to punching Cooper rather than hiring him. Now Gabi is determined to make things right between them, leading to a different kind of spark between her and Cooper. Meanwhile, Elliot and Yolanda each scheme to be the first person to try out the fancy new bathtub Josh had installed.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Secret	Comedy	7.8	Hoping to keep their relationship a secret, Gabi convinces Cooper to pretend he already has a girlfriend - Sofia. But when Caroline and Sofia click, and the fake couple becomes very real friends with Josh and Caroline - Gabi has to keep her jealousy in check. Meanwhile, Elliot and Yolanda decide to go on a juice fast together.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Car-Less	Comedy	7.8	When Gabi's beloved car breaks down again, Josh sees it as an opportunity for her to drive something safer and takes it upon himself to replace the ancient vehicle. But Gabi is devastated at his gesture and reveals her car was the last gift she ever received from her late mother, leaving Josh horrified and the whole gang determined to get Gabi's car back. Meanwhile, Yolanda and Elliot call Josh out on the fact that he treats Gabi differently than them.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Getting Played	Comedy	7.8	Yolanda's son Derek has returned home nursing a broken heart, so Yolanda decides to set him up with Sofia, declaring Gabi too much of a mess for her son. But when Gabi learns that Derek's girlfriend broke up due to Yolanda's disapproval, she decides to trick Yolanda into thinking she and Derek have fallen for each other - thinking Yolanda will decide Derek should go back to his ex. Meanwhile, Caroline temporarily moves in with Josh after a crisis at her apartment, giving Josh a startling look at how their lives will be living together - with all of Caroline's stuff.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Thirty	Comedy	7.8	Josh and Caroline's wedding is now happening in five days, sending Gabi into a panic about her feelings for Josh. Pushing aside her feelings, Gabi is excited to present Josh with a very special birthday gift. But when Caroline arrives, having clearly forgotten Josh's birthday, Gabi offers to let her claim the gift as her own. However, Gabi is unprepared for Josh's heartfelt reaction to the gift and wonders if she should tell the truth - potentially ruining the big day.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Too Late	Comedy	7.8	Gabi is freaking out about why Josh called the wedding off and searches for a sign if she should be with him or Cooper (recurring guest star Jesse McCartney), but it's Sofia who makes a surprising discovery. Meanwhile, Elliot has a big date with the wedding florist (guest star Miguel Pinzon) and ends up bringing a forlorn Josh along.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Cookin'	Comedy	7.8	Gabi wonders if her job is in jeopardy when she learns Josh has a new woman in his life that loves to cook for him. When Josh doesn't ask Gabi to be the chef for an important client dinner, Gabi decides a "cook-off" is the best way to keep her job. Meanwhile, Yolanda makes a date with the building window washer.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Munchies	Comedy	7.8	Gabi and Sofia are discouraged that they haven't gotten as far in their careers as they would like, so they decide to take action. Gabi's plan involves reaching out to Logan Rawlings (guest star Ashley Tisdale) about writing a food article for her magazine. But Logan's idea of a topic involves Gabi cooking with a special ingredient. Meanwhile, Elliot is upset to learn that Yolanda makes more money than he does, so he decides to ask Josh for a raise.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Old	Comedy	7.8	When Gabi hears its Elliot's 40th birthday, she's determined to make it special for him and his boyfriend Andre. But Gabi's plans end up causing problems between them, and her attempts to fix her mess only make it worse - alarming Josh, who needs Elliot to get him through an important interview. Meanwhile, Yolanda decides she wants to teach her ex-husband Coleman (guest star Cedric Yarbrough) a lesson, but ends up getting more than she bargained for.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & First Time	Comedy	7.8	Gabi plans a night of romance with Cooper, but those plans are halted when Cooper uncovers something unexpected.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Moving	Comedy	7.8	A bigger apartment opens up near Gabi and Sofia, and they want to move into it, so they try to win favor with their landlord by arranging a date between him and Yolanda. Elsewhere, Josh's new girlfriend is hiding something from him.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Ferris Wheel	Comedy	7.8	Josh seeks a special gift for Shauna, so Gabi takes it upon herself to help him, but her actions lead to an uncomfortable reunion for Josh. Elsewhere, Elliot asks Yolanda to observe him sleeping and let him know if he does anything disturbing.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Sandwich	Comedy	7.8	Gabi finds a date for Sofia after she secretly sets up an online dating profile for her, but Sofia's new suitor is keeping a huge secret. Meanwhile, Josh takes a break from dating; and Yolanda realizes her new beau once had a close bond with Elliot.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Pretty Woman	Comedy	7.8	Cooper returns from China and reunites with Gabi, but his timing is bad for Josh, who was about to confess something to Gabi. Elsewhere, Alan has some surprises in store for Elliot.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Part Two	Comedy	7.8	Gabi gets a tempting offer to apply for a top internship in Switzerland, and she considers quitting her job to take the risk.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & How Gabi Got Her Job Back	Comedy	7.8	Gabi returns from Switzerland and gets a new job with Josh's neighbor. Before long, Josh worries that his neighbor is attracted to Gabi, so he resorts to snooping on them.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Back to Normal	Comedy	7.8	Gabi meets a handsome guy, but she's hesitant to date him because she's worried about Josh, so she arranges for Josh to date her neighbor. Elsewhere, Elliot recruits Yolanda to be a bingo host at Alan's bar, but he leaves out a very important detail.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Unemployed	Comedy	7.8	Gabi asks Josh to hire Sofia after Sofia quits her job, but when he doesn't, Gabi pretends he did and puts on a charade for Sofia. Meanwhile, Alan insists on meeting Elliot's mom, who misunderstands things and thinks that Josh and Elliot are engaged.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Oh, Brother!	Comedy	7.8	Sofia's younger brother arrives in San Francisco and asks Gabi out on a date; Josh and Yolanda scramble to plan a bachelor party for Elliot.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Earthquake	Comedy	7.8	In "Young & Earthquake," Sofia is depressed about her lack of job prospects, so Gabi takes her to a psychic to get a better idea of what the future holds. Sofia has serious doubts about Madame Paulette's abilities, while Gabi panics when she learns that Josh will pop the question and vows to avoid her boss's pending proposal. But when the fortune-teller accurately predicts an earthquake, it's clear she knows what she's talking about, so the girls go back for another reading. This time she promises them money, love and a bundle of joy, which looks like a possibility when Elliott and Alan ask Sofia a life-altering question. Meanwhile, Yolanda tries to help Josh conquer his fear of possible aftershocks with unfortunate results.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & How Sofia Got Her Groove Back	Comedy	7.8	Josh is about to release his first new app in a year, and he's freaking out about such an important moment in his career. Elliot and Yolanda have some creative presents for Josh, but a panicked Gabi didn't realize that such an occasion requires a gift. She and Sofia hit their local thrift shop and find the perfect thing - a black mock turtleneck just like Steve Jobs used to wear. But when it turns out that it's actually Steve Jobs' turtleneck and the family will pay big money to get it back, the girls go to great depths to steal it from Josh, which isn't easy since he thinks it's his lucky charm. Meanwhile, Yolanda tries to trick Josh into admitting that he doesn't like her gift.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Trashy	Comedy	7.8	Josh receives a special shirt from Gabi and Sofia as he prepares to launch his app, but then the gals want the shirt back because they discover it once belonged to Steve Jobs, which means they could get a lot of money for it.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Doppelganger	Comedy	7.8	it's Gay Pride in San Francisco, and since they have a perfect view of the parade route, Gabi gets the brilliant idea to sublet their apartment for the weekend. Sofia can't take one more of Gabi's wild schemes and refuses to let strangers stay in their apartment. But when renters Sam and Gracie arrive, a fight ensues, and it turns out Gabi and Sofia have more in common with the strangers than each other. Josh is thrilled when he is invited to participate in an Ed Talk, but his stage fright causes his lecture to take an embarrassing turn. Meanwhile, Yolanda and Elliot's weekend of partying doesn't turn out quite like they expected.
1745	Young & Hungry	Young & Younger Brother Part 1	Comedy	7.8	In "Young & Younger Brother Part 1," Elliot and Alan's wedding is right around the corner, and despite Elliot's misgivings, the couple asks Gabi to make some whimsical appetizers for their special day. When Josh's flaky younger brother, Jake, shows up for an unexpected visit and announces he wants to be a chef, Josh hires him to help Gabi with wedding prep. But as sparks fly between the two, Josh realizes what he's done and goes to great expense to separate the budding lovebirds. Elsewhere, Yolanda panics when she misplaces Elliot's wedding ring while one of the grooms feels left out of his own nuptials.
1747	Texas Rising	Texas Rising	Drama	6.0	From the same team that brought us the multiple Emmy Award-winning and ratings-record breaking HATFIELDS & MCCOYS, TEXAS RISING is an 8-hour miniseries that details the Texas Revolution and the rise of the Texas Rangers. Texas Rising stars Bill Paxton, Brendan Fraser, Ray Liotta, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Olivier Martinez, Thomas Jane, Crispin Glover, Rhys Coiro, Jeremy Davies, Cynthia Addai-Robinson, Christopher McDonald, Max Thieriot, Chad Michael Murray, Trevor Donovan, Robert Knepper, Jeff Fahey, Rob Morrow and Kris Kristofferson, and is directed by two-time Oscar-nominated director Roland Joffé (The Killing Fields, The Mission).In 1836, west of the Mississippi was considered the Wild West and the Texas frontier was viewed as hell on earth. Crushed from the outside by Mexican armadas and attacked from within by ferocious Comanche tribes—no one was safe. But this was a time of bravery, a time to die for what you believed in and a time to stand tall against the cruel rule of the Mexican General Santa Anna (Martinez). The heroic General Sam Houston (Paxton), the rag tag Rangers and the legendary "Yellow Rose of Texas" lead this story of the human will to win against insurmountable odds. At the end, the Texas flags stood tall and victorious, claiming a piece of history for all eternity.
1747	Texas Rising	From the Ashes	Drama	6.0	After the brutal defeat at the Alamo, the fearless Texas Rangers, under General Sam Houston's command, fight for revenge against Santa Anna's troops.
1747	Texas Rising	Fate and Fury	Drama	6.0	Surrounded by the Mexican Army, Colonel Fanin's troops are forced into making a surrender deal. But when Santa Anna orders their execution, the Texians are left even more determined to exact revenge.
1747	Texas Rising	Blood For Blood	Drama	6.0	With his leadership in question, Sam Houston orders his army south to force a final battle with Santa Anna.
1747	Texas Rising	Fate and Fury	Drama	6.0	Surrounded by the Mexican Army, Colonel Fanin's troops are forced into making a surrender deal. But when Santa Anna orders their execution, the Texians are left even more determined to exact revenge.
1747	Texas Rising	The Rise of the Republic	Drama	6.0	In the series finale, the Texas Rangers revel in victory, and Sam Houston contemplates taking a pivotal role in leading the newly independent territory.
1748	Matlock	Matlock	Drama	none	Matlock is a legal drama series starring Andy Griffith as defense attorney Ben Matlock - a Harvard-educated, fiery southerner who charges $100,000 a case to brilliantly defend his clients by finding the real killer.
1750	Black Butler	Black Butler	Drama	9.5	One of the noble families of England - Phantomhive, has a butler, Sebastian Michaelis. He has unquestionably perfect knowledge, manners, talent with materials. martial arts and much more. But for some reason, he serves a 12 year old master...
1752	The Starlost	The Starlost	Action	7.0	This low budget Canadian sci-fi series from 1973 ran for sixteen episodes before it was cancelled due to low ratings. It was created in Canada by Glen Warren Productions and partially funded by Twentieth Century Fox, who now own the broadcast and syndication rights to the series. It was also compiled down into five movies, each composed of two episodes each, with new credit sequences. The series was written by renowned science fiction author Harlan Ellison under a pseudonym of Cordwainer Bird, with additional episodes being written by other sci-fi authors. The plot concerned a giant Noah's Ark-like spaceship, composed of hundreds of huge "domes", each containing a sample culture from the planet Earth, which has long since died out due to an unknown disaster. The Ark, damaged from an asteroid collision, goes off course and heads into the path of a distant sun, its crew dead.Foreseeing the destruction of the Earth, humanity builds a multi-generational starship called Earthship Ark, 80 kilometres (50 mi) wide and 320 kilometres (200 mi) long. The ship contains dozens of biospheres, each kilometres across and housing people of different cultures; their goal is to find and seed a new world of a distant star. More than one hundred years into the voyage, an unexplained accident occurs, and the ship goes into emergency mode, whereby each biosphere is sealed off from the others.Four hundred and five years after the accident, Devon (Keir Dullea) a resident of Cypress Corners, a conservative agrarian community with a culture resembling that of the Amish, discovers that his world is far larger and more mysterious than he had realized. Considered an outcast because of his questioning of the way things are, especially his refusal to accept the arranged marriage of his love Rachel (Gay Rowan) to his friend Garth (Robin Ward), Devon finds the Cypress Corners elders have been deliberately manipulating the local computer terminal, which they call "The Voice of The Creator". The congregation pursues Devon for attacking the elders and stealing a computer cassette on which they have recorded their orders, and its leaders plot to execute him, but the elderly Abraham, who also questions the elders, gives Devon a key to a dark, mysterious doorway, which Abraham himself is afraid to enter. The frightened Devon escapes into the service areas of the ship and accesses a computer data station that explains the nature and purpose of the Ark and hints at its problems.When Devon returns to Cypress Corners to tell his community what he has learned, he is put on trial for heresy and condemned to death by stoning. Escaping on the night before his execution with the aid of Garth, Devon convinces Rachel to come with him, and Garth pursues them. When Rachel refuses to return with Garth, he joins her and Devon. Eventually they make their way to the ship's bridge, containing the skeletal remains of its crew. It is badly damaged and its control systems are inoperative. The three discover that the Ark is on a collision course with a Class G star similar to the Sun, and realize that the only way to save The Ark and its passengers is to find the backup bridge and reactivate the navigation and propulsion systems. Occasionally, they are aided by the ship's partially functioning computer system.
1752	The Starlost	Voyage of Discovery	Action	7.0	Condemned to be stoned to death for heresy (daring to question the Elders), Devon escapes Cypress Corners with his love Rachel. Her betrothed, Garth, follows to bring her back. They find they're on the Earthship Ark, headed for destruction.
1752	The Starlost	Lazarus from the Mist	Action	7.0	Escaping from the savage descendants of the security crew, the three waken a technician from cryosleep to help them repair the ship and prevent the coming collision. But he is dying, and the wrong sort of specialist.
1752	The Starlost	The Goddess Calabra	Action	7.0	Searching for a way to repair the Ark, Devon, Rachel and Garth arrive at the Omicron biosphere, which may have some ancient technical books. All the women died long ago, and Rachel is mistaken for the goddess the men worship.
1752	The Starlost	The Pisces	Action	7.0	Ark craft Pisces has been searching for habitable planets for ten years - their time. On the Ark 409 years have passed, proving Einstein correct. But there are penalties to suffer for travelling that fast.
1752	The Starlost	Children of Methuselah	Action	7.0	Kept young by an anti-aging serum, a group of almost machine-like human children believe they have been piloting the Ark since it left earth. Rachel tries to introduce the idea of 'playing' to them.
1752	The Starlost	And Only Man is Vile	Action	7.0	The trio discover an empty 'leisure' biosphere. Behind the scenes a ruthless scientist works to produce humans strong and savage enough to survive anything they may find on their new home - at the expense of friendship and trust.
1752	The Starlost	Circuit of Death	Action	7.0	The angry, embittered Dr Richards tries to escape the Ark with his daughter after triggering the ship's self-destruct mechanism. His capsule fails to launch, and the self-destruct can't be overridden. But there is a very dangerous fix.
1752	The Starlost	Gallery of Fear	Action	7.0	A mysterious, bewitching art gallery proves to be the creation of Magnus, said to be the greatest mind in the universe. But who - or what - is he, and how can he help correct the course deviation that threatens the Ark with destruction?
1752	The Starlost	Mr. Smith of Manchester	Action	7.0	The trio blunder into a sealed, highly industrialised biosphere, where outcasts die in the toxic air outside a sealed city ruled by a paranoid, self-deceiving leader who is preparing for war - if he could find a way out.
1752	The Starlost	The Alien Oro	Action	7.0	A year ago Oro of planet Exar crashed into the Ark, and with the help of Idona has been cannibalising Ark components to make repairs to his scoutship. Oro plans to take Idona back home with him - but then she meets, and falls for, Garth.
1752	The Starlost	The Astromedics	Action	7.0	With Devon seriously injured, Rachel's call for help reaches the Astro-medic ship. At the same time an alien spacecraft is also appealing for assistance. The two main doctors - father and son - are at loggerheads: who do they try to save?
1752	The Starlost	The Implant People	Action	7.0	Unknown to the monarch, her power-hungry servant plots to rule the biosphere where the elite are forced to have implants that inflict pain, while the poor starve. Can the elite find their courage when he takes Rachel and Garth hostage?
1752	The Starlost	The Return of Oro	Action	7.0	Oro returns, offering to repair the Ark's faulty systems and fly them all to settle on Exar, which he claims is much like earth. Devon discovers he's lying, but can only prove it in a debate in which the loser will be killed.
1752	The Starlost	Farthing's Comet	Action	7.0	The Ark's chief astronomer altered its course so he could study a comet: now the debris is seriously damaging the Ark. The thrusters that can move it to safety need to be fixed manually, and Devon volunteers for EVA to do the work.
1752	The Starlost	Beehive	Action	7.0	A dome containing only a tropical garden, a lab, and millions of bees to pollinate the plants on humanity's new homeworld sounds perfect - but not when the leading scientist is breeding mutant bees with the ability to take over human minds.
1752	The Starlost	Space Precinct	Action	7.0	Garth leaves his friends and heads back home, only to find himself recruited into the Ark's police, who are working with the police of an alien system to avert an interplanetary war. But their efforts are being thwarted from within.
1755	The World Wars	The World Wars	War	9.0	An assassination in Sarajevo sparks a global war. For the next 30 years, deadly fighting rages across Europe, Africa, China and the Pacific.Hitler. Churchill. De Gaulle. MacArthur. Patton. Stalin. Mussolini. We know them as legends. But they first learn what it will take to rise to greatness as young soldiers, fighting for their lives on the frontlines,=This is the story of a generation of men who come of age in the trenches of World War I, only to become the leaders of World War II. The lessons they learn on the frontlines shape them as they rise to power—and haunt them as the deadly fighting breaks out again. Some become heroes, forged in courage under fire. Others emerge as the most infamous villains the world has ever seen.Theirs is one story—the story of a 30-year global struggle. A fight that will either save the world—or destroy it.Narrated by two-time Oscar nominee Jeremy Renner (The Hurt Locker, The Town), this three-night event series features gripping dramatic scenes, stunning CGI visuals and interviews with contemporary leaders, including John McCain, Colin Powell, John Major and David Miliband, along with noted historians from around the world. The World Wars is a mini-series event that takes viewers on an epic and groundbreaking ride through the bloodiest century in history.
1755	The World Wars	Trial by Fire	War	9.0	An assassin's bullet sparks a global conflict that quickly evolves into the deadliest war humanity has ever seen. In the chaos, a new generation of soldier emerges, including a group of men who would become the most infamous leaders of the 20th century.
1755	The World Wars	A Rising Threat	War	9.0	The fighting may have stopped, but tensions around the world continue to simmer just beneath the surface. Few may realize it, but the seeds of the next great global conflict have already been sown.
1755	The World Wars	Never Surrender	War	9.0	A new generation of world leaders is called to action as war inevitably breaks out again. The men who came of age in battle now must rely upon past experiences to fight a new conflict, as they face the greatest challenge humanity has ever seen. Jeremy Renner narrates.
1758	DCI Banks	DCI Banks	Drama	9.0	Dark and harrowing crime drama, starring Stephen Tompkinson as Detective Chief Inspector Alan Banks.
1758	DCI Banks	Dry Bones That Dream: Part 1	Drama	9.0	A professional hitman bursts into the luxurious family home of accountant Keith Rothwell and shoots him in cold blood. Banks is instantly struck by the strange reactions of the victim's family and evidence comes to light that Rothwell has been living a secret double life. Now investigating the murder of a victim with two identities, Banks and Morton discover a possible link to a major money-laundering operation and are plunged into a high-profile fraud investigation with political ramifications.
1758	DCI Banks	Dry Bones That Dream: Part 2	Drama	9.0	With Pamela Jefferies in a coma following her vicious attack, Banks becomes more determined to find Rothwell's killer. Convinced a vital clue is staring him in the face, he resolves to learn more about Keith Rothwell and, against orders, questions MP Martin Fleming, putting him on a collision course with rival DCI Burgess. Meanwhile, the return of Tom Rothwell to the UK presents Helen with another suspect and an opportunity to put pressure on his family.
1758	DCI Banks	Innocent Graves: Part 1	Drama	9.0	Banks and his team investigate the murder of the daughter of an internet entrepreneur. The prime suspect is quickly identified, but Morton is not so sure.
1758	DCI Banks	Innocent Graves: Part 2	Drama	9.0	In spite of the trial of Owen Pierce collapsing, Banks still believes that he is the murderer. But Morton tries to persuade him to keep an open mind
1758	DCI Banks	Wednesday's Child: Part 1	Drama	9.0	When two bogus social workers come to Katy Heath's house and take her son away, Banks is drawn into a massive search for the boy - but is Katy telling the truth?
1758	DCI Banks	Wednesday's Child: Part 2	Drama	9.0	An 11-year old's body is found and Banks wonders if there is a connection between his death and Kyle's disappearance
1758	DCI Banks	Piece of My Heart: Part 1	Drama	9.0	When a journalist is found dead in a remote village, Banks notices a connection between the case and a mysterious death in the 1980s.
1758	DCI Banks	Piece of My Heart: Part 2	Drama	9.0	Banks races to locate a mysterious recording that appears to connect Jack Barber and the members of The Crystal Kiss together.
1758	DCI Banks	Bad Boy: Part 1	Drama	9.0	The discovery of a gun in the bedroom of a neighbour sees Banks involved in an internal investigation which could break up the team.
1758	DCI Banks	Bad Boy: Part 2	Drama	9.0	While Helen's career hangs in the balance, Banks risks everything to rescue his daughter who has been taken hostage by Jaff Kitson.
1758	DCI Banks	What Will Survive: Part 1	Drama	9.0	After the unidentified body of a woman is found on some waste ground, the team find themselves becoming involved in the world of vice in a town where nobody is happy to talk. Banks also has to deal with a personal tragedy.
1758	DCI Banks	What Will Survive: Part 2	Drama	9.0	The officers are dismayed to learn the arson attack on the Osgoods' house has injured Michael and killed his son Robbie, and local bully Gary McCready is soon questioned. As the investigation into Katrin's murder continues, the body of an older man who died of natural causes is found buried near her grave, and when Banks suspects Jason McCready abducted missing Annika, he uncovers a shocking secret. Meanwhile, the detective gives a moving speech at his mother's funeral, and the ceremony brings him closer to his father.
1758	DCI Banks	Buried: Part 1	Drama	9.0	A husband and daughter find it hard to deal with their grief after the body of wife and mother Anaan Kamel is discovered washed up by an underground river. Marcus Leyton, a former employee of Anaan and Raheel's law chambers becomes the main suspect.
1758	DCI Banks	Buried: Part 2	Drama	9.0	Geoff has become a marked man and Banks decides to put both him and his daughter Evie under watch at an anonymous hotel whilst he increases the search for Mullen.
1758	DCI Banks	Ghosts: Part 1	Drama	9.0	When the body of student Josh Tate is found dumped in a ravine, the investigation into his stabbing uncovers a very different man to the quiet character described by his flatmate Spencer. It emerges that Josh was infatuated with Spencer's girlfriend and had been manufacturing Ecstasy for club owner Liam Fallon. Meanwhile, DI Morton's ex-lover Martin Hexton has arrived, claiming to be working on a local case. When Fallon comes under suspicion as Josh's murderer the detectives break into his flat and find him badly beaten - and to complicate matters, it looks as if Hexton is responsible.
1758	DCI Banks	Ghosts: Part 2	Drama	9.0	Helen is determined to try and win back Banks's approval as they attempt to discover the true identity of student Josh's murderer and stop his father from seeking a revenge of his own.
1759	5ive Days to Midnight	5ive Days to Midnight	Drama	8.0	A college professor's life is turned upside down when he finds a police briefcase from five days in the future. But even more shocking are its contents-a file on his own death, which he must now race against time to prevent.
1759	5ive Days to Midnight	Day One	Drama	8.0	J.T. Neumeyer sits at his wife's grave with his daughter, Jesse, on the anniversary of her death. Out of nowhere, a mysterious briefcase appears. Inside, the details and newspaper clippings of J.T's murder, to happen at the stroke of midnight in five days. But things get much more complicated when his girlfriend, Claudia, used to marry to the one man that might be out to kill J.T.
1759	5ive Days to Midnight	Day Two	Drama	8.0	As his death date comes closer, J.T. discovers more and more people that may have motives to kill him. Roy Bremmer has finally hunted down J.T, and threatens to kill him and Jessie if he doesn't hand over Claudia. Brad has become bankrupt and is desperate for some money. The mysterious briefcase of J.T.'s will be worth a lot of money, and Brad will do whatever it takes to get his hand on the case. J.T, Jessie and Claudia try to leave the city, but they are forced back into the arms of fate.
1759	5ive Days to Midnight	Day Three	Drama	8.0	J.T. is determined to save his life, and attempts to erase every suspect's motives for killing him. To stop Carl, he has him locked away in the psychiatric ward, unable to escape. He allows Brad to collect the briefcase on Monday, which will bring Brad the money he desperately needs, and he organises a meeting with Roy Bremmer to try and reason with him. But not everything goes to plan as Carl somehow escapes, someone gets to the case before Brad, and Roy Bremmer isn't interested in reasoning. Meanwhile, Jesse tries to find little things to stop her dad's death on Friday night.
1759	5ive Days to Midnight	Day Four	Drama	8.0	The closer the day of his death comes, the more J.T. gives in to his destiny. Only as Jesse finds his testament, he can convince him not to give up yet. J.T. has an idea how to stop his potential murderer from his plan: Eliminate their motives !
1759	5ive Days to Midnight	Day Five	Drama	8.0	J.T.´s preparations seem to be useless. Carl and Brad are both hunting him; one because he is convinced, that it would destroy the universe, if J.T. survives, the other because of greed. The biggest problem is, that Roy Bremmer has abducted Claudia and Jesse, to get the documents back that Claudia stole from him. Sikorski and J.T. rush to Bremmers Bar, where it will come to a showdown. But is Bremmer really the one who is going to kill J.T. ?
1760	Anne of Green Gables	Anne of Green Gables	Drama	none	One hundred years ago, Anne of Green Gables introduced readers to one of the most enduring characters in fiction and launched Canada's most lucrative literary franchise. The heartwarming story of the plucky red-headed orphan has gone on to sell hundreds of millions of copies and become the basis for an unprecedented television phenomenon. But behind the fictional and feisty Anne Shirley lurked the often-tormented life of author Lucy Maud Montgomery. CBC Archives takes a look at the life, death and lasting legacy of the woman who created Anne.
1763	El Ministerio del Tiempo	El Ministerio del Tiempo	Adventure	6.0	A warrior from the 16th century, the first female university student from the 19th century and a nurse from the 21st century, join a secret agency to prevent people to change the Spanish history by using time-traveling doors.
1763	El Ministerio del Tiempo	Tiempo de venganza	Adventure	6.0	En 1843, Isabel II asume la regencia con 14 años… Y exige conocer el Ministerio del Tiempo, un ministerio victoriano… Lo que es una visita oficial, se convierte en un peligro. Un funcionario rebelde del Ministerio (Leiva) ha huido de la cárcel de la Edad Media para asesinarla y, así, lograr que se cierre el Ministerio en el siglo XIX. La patrulla viaja al propio ministerio 172 años antes para evitar el asesinato… Y la desaparición del Ministerio.Todas las alarmas se encienden y las sospechas de colaboración con el funcionario rebelde recaen sobre Irene, ya que fue reclutada por el propio Leiva en 1960. Mientras, Julián abandona a sus compañeros para volver al pasado para pasar un día con su esposa.
1765	Tour of Duty	Tour of Duty	Drama	9.5	As the first television drama series about the Vietnam War, Tour of Duty focuses on a single platoon of young U.S. soldiers through their one-year tour of combat duty in Vietnam during the late 1960's. While their own country is rocked by a massive anti-war movement, these young men find themselves thrown into combat in Southeast Asia, where they face enemy troops they can not see and sometimes can not kill. They also face their own fears, as they struggle in a hostile environment just to keep themselves and their fellow soldiers alive. Terence Knox, Kevin Conroy, Stephen Caffrey, Joshua Maurer, Steve Akahoshi, Tony Becker, Eric Bruskotter, Stan Foster, Ramon Franco and Miguel A. Nunez, Jr. star as the infantrymen who represent diverse racial, cultural and philosophical backgrounds but must ultimately depend on one another to get through the war alive.
1765	Tour of Duty	Pilot	Drama	9.5	Sgt. Anderson is sent to division HQ to report on a battle in which his Bravo Company suffered losses and to meet the platoon's new leader, Lt Goldman. He also uses the trip to recruit some new "Grunts" calling upon his own criteria to call the best from a group of green recruits. Goldman, just arrived from the States, immediately clashes with Anderson over military procedure.
1765	Tour of Duty	Notes from the Underground	Drama	9.5	As then men corner a group of VC they misteriously disappear into thin air. While patrolling a village Taylor is shot and captured. The soldiers soon realize that the VC disappeared into a tunnel system. The Tunnel Rats are called in to go find Taylor in the tunnels and kill any VC they find, but when they get into trouble, Sargent Anderson and Lieutenant Goldman go looking in the tunnels by themselves.
1765	Tour of Duty	Dislocations	Drama	9.5	B Company is ordered to escort a group of villagers from their present village to a new location, which is to be an example of U.S. technology aiding the Vietnamese. Among the villagers is Lang, a beautiful woman to whom Goldman becomes very attached. They are attacked again on the trail and Goldman's life is saved and then spared by a VC who turns out to be Lang's husband.
1765	Tour of Duty	War Lover	Drama	9.5	Anderson, Goldman, Percell and Horn go on a special mission with combat veteran and "war lover" Earl Ray Michaels. Anderson's past experience with Michaels as well as Michaels' current, wild behavior lead to numerous conflicts. They complete their mission, but Michaels' two men are killed and he feels responsible.
1765	Tour of Duty	Sitting Ducks	Drama	9.5	B Company is sent to relieve another group guarding a small village which is having an important new irrigation system installed. As they arrive, Goldman discovers that the commanding officer has just been killed out on patrol. After they take over, men get hit every time they patrol the surrounding jungle. It looks like someone from the village/fort is setting them up. Horn becomes fascinated with the local Buddhists and eventually discovers that it is the monks using the temple bell, who are tipping off the NVA.
1765	Tour of Duty	Burn, Baby, Burn	Drama	9.5	Racial tension leads to violence when a militant black soldier, Tucker, and a KKK member, Innis, both end up in B Company. Tucker's friend is killed when Innis fails to provide cover. Later, Innis murdered with Johnson's weapon. While Goldman and Anderson don(t believe Johnson is guilty, they must follow procedure and place him under arrest. Meanwhile, Tucker has riled up "his" men. Armed, they approach the Camp Prison where Johnson is being held and demand his release. The white soldiers also approach, carrying their weapons. Only Zeke's courage and authority prevents a shootout between the groups.
1765	Tour of Duty	Brothers, Fathers and Sons	Drama	9.5	Anderson, Baker and Johnson are shot down and must make their way back to base while being hunted by the Viet Cong, led by Trang, whose son was killed by the Americans. The trio come across a woman who dies giving birth. Anderson is adamant about leaving the baby behind, but the other two insist on taking it with them. However, it is Anderson who ends up taking care of the baby and forms the strongest bond with him, risking his life to save the baby. In the end, after many gunfights, Trang and Zeke are left to battle it out. Trang gets the upper hand down when Zeke tries to save the baby, but he is unable to kill a man who twice risked his life for this child.
1765	Tour of Duty	The Good, the Bad and the Dead	Drama	9.5	A drunken GI steals a chaplain's jeep and goes on a joy ride with a Vietnamese hooker. They nearly collide with a jeep-load of MPs who chase him down. His arrest is witnessed by Zeke, who recognizes him as Decker, his former drill sergeant and role model. Anderson rescues Decker from a certain court-martial (his second) and drafts him into the squad without checking with Goldman first. Decker is popular with the guys but he almost immediately starts to disobey orders. Decker mans a listening post with Horn to watch for enemy troops movements, but he gets drunk and falls asleep. As a result, Horn is nearly killed.
1765	Tour of Duty	Battling Baker Brothers	Drama	9.5	Baker insists his fellow squad members follow him to an incoming helicopter. The incoming ""VIP"" turns out to be Baker's twin brother, who brings along a skate board that the whole squad uses for fun. Carl Baker turns out to be nothing like his brother: he is hard-drinking, womanizing, party-goer. The two brothers end up in a fight, nearly destroying the base in the process. Carl celebrates their birthdays by bringing in a truck-load full of Vietnamese hookers. They all party down and, in the end, Baker ends up doubly-mad as his brother ""steals"" his girl. Carl leaves the next morning with neither brother on speaking terms and everyone in trouble. Carl's helicopter goes down and Baker goes in after him, managing to get caught by the same VC who have his brother. They are both tortured by the VC and Anderson and Goldman must go in to rescue the two.
1765	Tour of Duty	Nowhere to Run	Drama	9.5	Two sappers make their way into Firebase Ladybird without being detected, but Percell sees the third one, killing him. The other two manage to set off their explosives before they can be stopped. The next morning, Capt. Wallace orders Anderson and Goldman to have their men police up the dead bodies.. Anderson complains his men are beat, but Wallace isn't concerned. Percell is upset both over a friend's dying and having received a ""Dear John"" letter. Goldman, meantime, runs into an old friend: Lt. Nikki Raines, and promises to meet her later. Goldman, Anderson and the squad go out to destroy a bridge, which they blow up. Percell, in the midst of chasing a running VC, accidentally kills an 8-year-old. Percell is devistated over the incident.
1765	Tour of Duty	Roadrunner	Drama	9.5	One of a GI's big events is the arrival of his mail. When Zeke opens his mail to find that his ex-wife, it is to find that she is complaining that he is not writing letters home often enough to their 3-year-old daughter. Zeke already has enough responsibilities... this one isn't wanted. However he has little time to worry about it before he finds himself out on patrol. Goldman orders the squad forward when Anderson warns that they are walking into trouble, Anderson scouts out ahead and ends up in a near-lethal mortar barrage. Anderson is nearing his limit when he finds out that the squad's next destination is a valley where Zeke's last outfit was nearly wiped out. Anderson fights going tooth-and-nail and it is obvious to everyone that Zeke is falling apart. There is little time to help him, though, as the men have to consider their mission first. The squad ends up going after a downed flyer... and while Zeke continues to deteroriate.
1765	Tour of Duty	Pushin' Too Hard	Drama	9.5	Anderson, Goldman, and Captain Wallace are checking out a new weapon that has been added to the platoon's arsenal: a flamethrower. Zeke and Goldman are unhappy that the next mission will also include a beautiful female reporter -- Vicky Adams. Zeke fights against the woman's urges to ""get the good stuff"" and his own men's attempts to impress her -- at the risk of their own lives. A prisoner is caught and tells the unit that they are surrounded by an NVA regiment. Wallace refusees to go back to safety, though, and a bad situation continues to get worse and worse.
1765	Tour of Duty	USO Down	Drama	9.5	A USO band comprised of three female dancers, a sax players, and a singer, completes their performance at an outlying base, and are rushed to a helicopter to be flown to their next destination. None of them get a chance to even change their costumes. The helicopter is shot down and the entire crew is killed. Meanwhile, Bravo company is out on a recon, and Taylor who is on point, thinks he must be going crazy when he sees the girl in hot pants and leather boots. Bravo company takes the girls with them but can't call in for help because the radio's batteries are dead.The USO people make the transition to ""soldier"" with various degrees of success.
1765	Tour of Duty	Under Siege	Drama	9.5	The men of Bravo are certain that Westmoreland has not yet informed the enemy that they are losing, as Firebase Ladybrid continues to come under daily long-range artillery fire. Suddenly a helicopter approaches and lands despite the fact that the base is taking fire. It is the new company commander -- Captain Larry Heath -- a man who initially wins over the favor of his troops with gifts, but he proves to be a complete fanatic. Heath wants to attack despite the fact that it appears that the base is about to be attacked. Zeke and Goldman set them men to putting up a defense and get in trouble because of it. A large attack proves that Anderson was right when the firebase is over-run and Doc Matsuda, with only 15 days left of his tour of duty, is killed when he refuses to abandon his patient.
1765	Tour of Duty	Soldiers	Drama	9.5	The squad is in heavy contact with a group of enemy soldiers, and after taking several casualties manage to be retrieved by two helicopters. Danny hears that his father is hospitalized after a near-fatal heart-attack and is given emergency medical leave. Danny finds that his father and mother have separated and his father has taken up with a younger woman who is loyal to him. Danny feels left out and alienated from a man who he already wasn't close to. While waiting for his father to get better, Danny meets Rudy Morales, a vet handicapped by wounds -- a bitter, broken man. Danny is seriously upset by this and further upset by an argument with his father. Meanwhile, Taylor and Ruiz decide that they need to be by Danny's side, so they talk Anderson into pulling some strings and getting their R&R in Bangkok changed to Honolulu. Once in Hawaii they are exposed to the ""real"" world of mini-skirts and negative attitudes about the war.
1765	Tour of Duty	Gray-Brown Odyssey	Drama	9.5	Goldman, Horn, Calhoun, and Pointer are retruning to the base after spending two days int he rear. Their jeep hits a mine, wounding Calhoun and Pointer. Goldman is blinded when a fire extinguisher blows up in his face. A squad of VC arrive and open fire. Calhoun and Pointer are killed by the attack, Goldman is blinded. In the end Horn chases after the sole surviving VC only to find that she's a woman. He captures her and takes her back to the hut where's he's left the blinded Goldman. Horn then, after much argument, goes after help for Goldman. The woman manages to signal to other villagers for help and so Goldman, blinded, must rig his rifle to her head, marching her off into his ""blind landscape"" so that they can escape the VC that she has called on to help her. As they escape they run into a great deal of trouble, starving families, groups of VC and even a group of Americans who fire on them. In the end, by the time Horn finds them, the woman has died in Goldman's arms, leaving Myro
1765	Tour of Duty	Blood Brothers	Drama	9.5	Retired Major General Goldman arrives by helicopter at Firebase Ladybird on a fact finding mission for Washington brass. Seeing another helicopter landing, he goes to greet and question Anderson and his soldiers about the mission they have just returned from. They later learn that the general is Goldman's father but it is clear when they meet that the two don't have a good relationship. They were estranged when Myron's mother died five years before and haven't spoken since. The Major general finds that his son's leadership methods appall him. Ruiz befriends a new man who joins the team, mainly because he is also a hispanic. But the man manages to get himself killed due to his careless attitude. Dalby orders Goldman's men into an impossible attack which Myron refuses to go on. Zeke and Goldman realize that the new man was on dope and set out to cure the problem themselves.
1765	Tour of Duty	The Short Timer	Drama	9.5	Bravo company is on another S&D mission. A new man is on point, and he stops the patrol when he sees some blood, which he follows to a Vietnam booby trap. He's killed. Taylor takes over point, even though he is a short timer. Later, he manages to survive an encounter with an NVA machine gun nest after he destroys it. Taylor must address his mixed emotions about his near return to home. His fear and distaste for Vietnam is equaled only by the darkness of the life waiting for him at home. Taylor, after a ""Dear John"" phone call from home, signs up for another tour.
1765	Tour of Duty	Paradise Lost	Drama	9.5	The men from Bravo company are patrolling in the jungle when they find a fresh trail, one that leads to a trap by a group of VC soldiers. The Americans are out-numbered and in a very bad position. Suddenly they are rescued by Montagnards. Anderson trusts them, and has the squad follow them back to their village where they meet the translator -- an ex-GI (Kithem). The American is obviously hostile to the presence of Goldman and the rest of the Americans. Against Kithem and Anderson's better judgement, Goldman follows orders to help fortify the native ""compound"" against the VC. Kithem warns that all the American attention will only bring down the ARVN and NVA forces. Which is exactly what happens.
1765	Tour of Duty	Angel of Mercy	Drama	9.5	In a small South Vietnamese hamlet, an NVA officer arrives to brief his men that they will soon begin infiltrating towns and villages through-out the country in preparation for the Tet Offensive. Meanwhile, Bravo is in the bush, while Baker is losing a battle with his dysentery. As he ""answers the call of nature"" he sights VC closing on the unit and then, pulling his pants up, gets a frog down them, and starts screaming. As the American's come running, a fire fight starts, ending with the capture of an NVA Colonel Trang. Goldman catches a bullet in the helmet and in his jacket as they try to retreat. Though saved by his clothing, he still does need to go to the hospital along with Anderson, who is hit with shrapnel. While Goldman and Anderson recover, Trang dies under mysterious circumstances during interrogation.
1765	Tour of Duty	The Hill	Drama	9.5	Goldman and Nikki have a great time on a brief R&R that they spend together on China Beach. Their reunion is marred by the fact that Nikki refuses to marry him, fearing he will be killed in combat. Goldman returns to Firebase Ladybird to find that his unit has been assigned to help take Hill 1000. They've taken it before and lost it before. And this battle promises to be the worst. Even after the bunker is finally taken, it is found empty. They go back down so that a plane can spray a defoliate. They must go back and take that hill yet again. Horn has, in the meantime, gotten in trouble with a young -- and new -- officer. Sitting at the bottom of the hill and awaiting the court-martial, he sees a wounded Taylor and he decides to go back with his buddies and fight. Horn is seriously wounded and sent home.
1766	Spotless	Spotless	Crime	none	Set in London, SPOTLESS is the story of a troubled crime scene cleaner, Jean, whose tidy life is turned upside down when his outlaw brother Martin crash lands into his world, entangling them in the deadly dynamics of organized crime.
1776	Porridge	Porridge	Comedy	10.0	"Fletch", sentenced to a five year stretch at HM Prison Slade in darkest Cumbria, is determined to keep his head down, do his time and not let the b******s grind him down. But it's not so simple when you're an old lag. His native cell-mate Lenny Godber needs to learn the ropes, skives and scams; evil Prison Officer Mackay can't be allowed to run things his own way and warden Barrowclough is just too weak-willed not to have his good-nature exploited... Starring Ronnie Barker, Fulton Mackay, Richard Beckinsdale and Brian Wilde.
1776	Porridge	New Faces, Old Hands	Comedy	10.0	"Twenty-three and you want to go straight? What kind of talk is that? You've got your whole life in front of you!" It's Godber's first time in prison, and Fletch is going to teach him the ways.
1776	Porridge	The Hustler	Comedy	10.0	Ives is such a loser that if Elizabeth Taylor had triplets, he'd have been the one in the middle. But there's no way he's going to be left out of Fletch's gambling enterprise.
1776	Porridge	A Night In	Comedy	10.0	Fletch explains to Godber that the best way to cope with his first night in prison, is to see it as just a "quiet night in". Trouble is, Godber's got another 698 to go.
1776	Porridge	A Day Out	Comedy	10.0	The rest of the working party are thrilled to have a day out, but Fletch is masking indifference - what's so exciting about digging a ditch anyway?
1776	Porridge	Ways and Means	Comedy	10.0	Who would want to spend eight hours a day sewing fishing nets? Not Fletch, who is hell-bent on a cushy job in the library.
1776	Porridge	Men Without Women	Comedy	10.0	Fletch fancies himself as a bit of an agony aunt and is called upon by his fellow inmates to help out with affairs of the heart.
1776	Porridge	Just Desserts	Comedy	10.0	There's an outbreak of petty pilfering from the inmates in Slade prison. Fletcher is disgusted - after all, stealing may be a job on the 'outside', but it's despicable when it happens 'inside'.
1776	Porridge	Heartbreak Hotel	Comedy	10.0	Godber gets bad news from his girlfriend. Fletcher tries to provide help and advice, but perhaps daughter Ingrid might provide a more suitable solution to Godber's problems
1776	Porridge	Disturbing the Peace	Comedy	10.0	When Mr Mackay leaves Slade Prison, Fletcher thinks that "happy days are here again". Until, that is, he meets Mr Mackay's replacement.
1776	Porridge	No Peace For the Wicked	Comedy	10.0	It's Saturday afternoon and Fletcher looks forward to a quiet read. Everyone else seems to have other ideas about how Fletcher should be spending his time.
1776	Porridge	Happy Release	Comedy	10.0	Fletcher is having a spell in the prison hospital with a broken ankle. He's sharing a ward with old Blanco, who tells him that another inmate has swindled him out of his belongings in a crooked card game. Fletcher hatches a plan to recover Blanco's belongings and to take revenge on the culprit.
1776	Porridge	The Harder They Fall	Comedy	10.0	Godber takes up boxing and wins a place in the prison championship, so Fletcher sees a chance for a bit of a flutter. Then Harry Grout takes an interest and insists that the fight is 'fixed'. When one of Grout's rivals takes a similar interest in Godber's opponent, it looks as if nobody can win. Fletcher, however, has other ideas.
1776	Porridge	A Storm in a Teacup	Comedy	10.0	When a bottle of pills goes missing from the Doctor's surgery, Harry Grout is worried that investigation of the theft by the prison authorities will jeopardise some of his activities. Grout insists that Fletcher must find the pills and return them before the warders can take action.
1776	Porridge	Poetic Justice	Comedy	10.0	Fletcher's new cellmate turns out to be the judge who sentenced him to five years in Slade Prison.
1776	Porridge	Rough Justice	Comedy	10.0	Fletcher is worried that Judge Rawley might rob him of his main source of income - writing letters for illiterate inmates.
1776	Porridge	Pardon Me	Comedy	10.0	Old Blanco is doing time for the murder of his wife. He still swears he wasn't guilty. Now he's up before the Parole Board and it looks as if he's sure to be released. Blanco surprises everyone by turning down parole when it's offered to him. He explains that, if he accepts parole, he'll also be admitting that he was guilty of a crime for which he was wrongly convicted. He insists that he'll only leave prison if he's offered a full pardon. Fletcher comes up with a plan to help him.
1776	Porridge	A Test Of Character	Comedy	10.0	Godber is working hard for an extra O-level. Fletcher tries to persuade him that cheating would be a good way of ensuring success in the examination. Godber isn't convinced.
1776	Porridge	Final Stretch	Comedy	10.0	Godber is due to appear before the parole board, but a fight with another inmate puts his parole in jeopardy. It's up to Fletcher to save the day
1778	Hinterland	Hinterland	Drama	8.0	DCI Tom Mathias comes to Aberystwyth having abandoned his life in London. He's a brilliant but troubled man. Despite his faults he is an excellent detective, who knows that the key to solving the crime lies not in where you look for truth, but how you look. From the windswept sand dunes of the coastline to the badlands of the hinterland, Y Gwyll is a series of stories that are original and local, yet timeless and universal.
1778	Hinterland	Episode 1	Drama	8.0	DCI Mathias' investigation into the disappearance of 64 year old Helen Jenkins leads him to the cascading waters of an ancient ravine at Devil's Bridge, and uncovers the cruel history of a long closed children's home.
1778	Hinterland	Episode 2	Drama	8.0	At a remote farmhouse, sixty-nine year old Idris Williams is discovered bludgeoned to death, and the investigation into his murder reveals the mountain's bloody past.
1778	Hinterland	Episode 3	Drama	8.0	In the isolated village of Penwyllt, the body of a young man is discovered in the murky depths of a quarry lake. But who is he, and was this an accident?
1778	Hinterland	Episode 4	Drama	8.0	The body of a young woman is found abandoned but carefully placed in the marshes. This case, in the series finale, pushes DCI Mathias to the edge, both personally and professionally.
1778	Hinterland	Episode 1 - Part 1/2	Drama	8.0	The new series opens with Mathias under pressure. His wife Meg has turned up in Aberystwyth and he's under investigation by the IPCC following the death of Mari Davies at the end of the last episode. When a bus driver is found shot dead on an isolated mountainside, the investigation provides a welcome escape.
1778	Hinterland	Episode 1 - Part 2/2	Drama	8.0	The team have an unexpected suspect to question, but Mathias knows he is unlikely to be the killer, while Mathias is fascinated by the life choices taken by ex-soldier John Bell.
1778	Hinterland	Episode 2 - Part 1/2	Drama	8.0	The murder of a local dignitary and barrister leads to the uncovering of a tragic story of love and loss fuelled by distrust and suspicion in the depths of the Hinterland.
1780	Finding Carter	Finding Carter	Drama	7.0	Teenage girl Carter seemingly has the perfect life with fun-loving single mom Lori, until she discovers Lori abducted her as a toddler. Now Carter must return to the family who thought they had lost her. As she navigates brand new parents, a twin sister, high school and boys, she vows to find Lori before the only mom she's ever known is gone forever.
1780	Finding Carter	Pilot	Drama	7.0	Carter Stevens' world is turned upside when she discovers her mom is actually her kidnapper. Reunited with her biological family, Carter has a hard time adjusting, and lies begin to unfold.
1780	Finding Carter	The Birds	Drama	7.0	Carter and her new friends plan to trick the police, while an old friend tries to stay in her life, and her relationship with Elizabeth continues to be strained.
1780	Finding Carter	Drive	Drama	7.0	Bad boy crash enters Carter's life and causes drama in the Wilson family. David continues to sneakily pursue writing his book with his publicist.
1780	Finding Carter	Now You See Me	Drama	7.0	Bird's painting at her art show upsets Carter, Elizabeth's relationship with David gets even rockier, and a piece of Carter's old life returns.
1780	Finding Carter	The Heat	Drama	7.0	Carter's ulterior motives backfire when she spends a day with Elizabeth and sees another side of her. David continues to move along with his book plan, and Taylor is initiated into the group during a wild game of 7 Minutes in Heaven.
1780	Finding Carter	The Fugitive	Drama	7.0	Carter dives headfirst into a relationship with Crash, while Taylor is confused about where she stands with Max. Max is pulled into another stunt operated by Lori.
1780	Finding Carter	Throw Momma From the Train	Drama	7.0	Carter is faced with a decision that will change her life forever. The twins celebrate their birthday, Elizabeth's secret is discovered, and Lori prepares to leave with Carter.
1780	Finding Carter	Half Baked	Drama	7.0	Elizabeth is confronted with the truth, and David makes a shocking request of his wife. The Wilson children try to cope with the drama together, and Carter finds out she was lied to by someone she trusts.
1780	Finding Carter	Do the Right Thing	Drama	7.0	David has to face up to his lies, while Taylor decides she's ready to take the next step in her relationship with Max. Ofe deals with money troubles, and Carter is blamed for something she didn't do.
1780	Finding Carter	Love Story	Drama	7.0	Carter and Crash try to get off the grid and leave everything behind, while Elizabeth tries frantically to find her. A gunshot destroys all of Carter's plans when it hits someone she cares about.
1780	Finding Carter	The Long Goodbye	Drama	7.0	Everyone suffers through the waiting game to see if Max will survive. While the Wilsons watch over Max, Carter has to decide if she'll help out Crash or cut him loose.
1780	Finding Carter	One Hour Photo	Drama	7.0	Carter is given a clue to what Lori's up to when some mysterious photos turn up. Max struggles with his current hospitalization, Carter sees a therapist, and a final betrayal changes Carter's life forever.
1780	Finding Carter	Love The Way You Lie	Drama	7.0	Lori kidnaps Carter for a second time and the Wilson family learns the truth.
1780	Finding Carter	Shut Up and Drive	Drama	7.0	The Wilsons seek justice for Carter's kidnapping. In other events, Carter's friends celebrate her safe return while Taylor struggles with Max's emotional recovery.
1780	Finding Carter	We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together	Drama	7.0	The Wilsons celebrate Joan and Buddy's anniversary; and Max takes a job from an unlikely source.
1780	Finding Carter	Pretty When You Cry	Drama	7.0	A stranger from Carter's past provides new insights on Lori; and Joan interferes with Grant.
1780	Finding Carter	Wake Up Call	Drama	7.0	Carter is in danger of flunking out of school; Taylor discovers the truth of David's past; tensions rise at the town fair; and Max's new job poses a threat.
1780	Finding Carter	Stay With Me	Drama	7.0	Carter tries to extricate Crash from a bad situation; David and Elizabeth contemplate major decisions; and Taylor begins to spiral out of control.
1780	Finding Carter	Something To Talk About	Drama	7.0	Carter tries to understand Taylor's behavior while Taylor concentrates on planning a school event. Grant, meanwhile, wonders if he can continue living at home.
1780	Finding Carter	Riptide	Drama	7.0	Carter is grounded just as her old friend Madison arrives unexpectedly and brings alarming new information about Lori. Shocking shades of Max's past color him in a different light for Taylor.
1780	Finding Carter	I Knew You Were Trouble	Drama	7.0	After getting shocking news about Lori, Carter and Max must take an unexpected road trip together. Meanwhile, Elizabeth, Joan and Taylor deal with drama on the homefront.
1780	Finding Carter	Rumour Has It	Drama	7.0	On a camping trip with friends, Carter debates whether or not to reveal a secret that could change everything for the people she loves the most.
1780	Finding Carter	Wrecking Ball	Drama	7.0	Bonds of sisterhood are put to the test when secrets are revealed. Crash returns from military training and Carter is forced to make a decision about her future.
1780	Finding Carter	I'm Not The Only One	Drama	7.0	Set to testify in court, Carter vows to end Lori's manipulation once and for all. But Lori drops a bombshell that rattles the Wilson household to the core.
1782	500 Questions	500 Questions	Family	none	"500 Questions," an all-new game show event where the smartest people in the country try to achieve the seemingly impossible task of answering 500 of the most difficult general knowledge questions ever devised. There's only one simple rule: never get three wrong in a row - or you're gone. No saves, no helps, no multiple choice, "500 Questions" will keep you on the edge of your seat to see if any of these geniuses can do it. It is the ultimate test, where intellect, strategy and stamina are all equally essential in order to win.
1783	Celebrity Wife Swap	Celebrity Wife Swap	Family	none	The spouses in two celebrity families with vastly diverse values switch homes (but not bedrooms) -- embarking on a journey like no other and revealing the various ways some controversial celebrities live their lives.
1783	Celebrity Wife Swap	Jackee Harry / Traci Lords	Family	none	Jackee Harry and Traci Lords swap families and lives for a week.
1783	Celebrity Wife Swap	Hines Ward / Verne Troyer	Family	none	The wives of Hines Ward and Verne Troyer swap families and lives for a week.
1783	Celebrity Wife Swap	David & Jackie Siegel / Jeremy London	Family	none	David & Jackie Siegel and Jeremy London swap families and lives for a week.
1783	Celebrity Wife Swap	Kerri Walsh-Jennings / Tami Roman	Family	none	Kerri Walsh-Jennings and Tami Roman swap families and lives for a week.
1783	Celebrity Wife Swap	Charo / Jill Whelan	Family	none	"Choocie Choocie Coo" Charo and Jill Whelan swap families and lives for a week.
1783	Celebrity Wife Swap	Gunnar Nelson / Vince Neil	Family	none	Gunnar Nelson's wife and Vince Neil's girlfriend trade families and lives for a week.
1783	Celebrity Wife Swap	Holly Robinson-Peete / Margaret Cho	Family	none	Holly Robinson-Peete and Margaret Cho swap families and lives for a week.
1783	Celebrity Wife Swap	Cloris Leachman / Pia Zadora	Family	none	Cloris Leachman and Pia Zadora swap families and lives for a week.
1783	Celebrity Wife Swap	Sean Lowe / Jason Mesnick	Family	none	George Hamilton & Alana Stewart / Angela 'Big Ang' Raiola swap families and lives for a week.
1783	Celebrity Wife Swap	Tommy Davidson / Corey Feldman	Family	none	Actor Tommy Davidson's fiancee trades lives with actor Corey Feldman's girlfriend.
1788	Killjoys	Killjoys	Action	8.4	Killjoys follows a fun-loving, hard living trio of interplanetary bounty hunters sworn to remain impartial as they chase deadly warrants throughout the Quad, a distant system on the brink of a bloody, multi-planetary class war.
1788	Killjoys	Bangarang	Action	8.4	Warrants are served by a fun-loving, hard-living trio of interplanetary bounty hunters in this series, which begins with Dutch and John in a race against time, and a competing Killjoy, to save D'avin's life and clear their names.
1788	Killjoys	The Sugar Point Run	Action	8.4	A hostage exchange with a vengeful warlord turns deadly when the Killjoys are stranded in a restricted, bombed-out city overrun with dangerous gangs and scavengers.
1788	Killjoys	The Harvest	Action	8.4	A warrant to retrieve a missing migrant worker on Leith isn't as simple as it seems when the Killjoys discover something dangerous lurking beyond the edge of a farm. Meanwhile, a psych exam brings into question whether D'avin is mentally fit to do the job.
1788	Killjoys	Vessel	Action	8.4	The Killjoys find their real rhythm as a trio while navigating the ugly side of Qreshi politics as they transport a group of gorgeous Surrogates in a bullet-riddled ride from a badlands fortress.
1788	Killjoys	A Glitch in the System	Action	8.4	An easy salvage job on an abandoned ship takes an insidious turn when the Killjoys discover they are not alone and find themselves having to confront their deepest, darkest secrets.
1788	Killjoys	One Blood	Action	8.4	Top Killjoys from around the Quad are pitted against one another in a race to find Big Joe, a legendary bounty hunter gone rogue.
1788	Killjoys	Kiss, Kiss, Bye Bye	Action	8.4	The quest to uncover the mystery behind D'avin's missing memories leads the Killjoys to an underground black market and triggers a shocking incident that will haunt the team.
1788	Killjoys	Come The Rain	Action	8.4	A toxic Black Rain storm over Westerly forces John and Pawter to take shelter in the Royale overrun with a gang of dangerous criminals. Meanwhile, Dutch and D'avin are trapped on Lucy coming perilously close to the eye of the storm.
1788	Killjoys	Enemy Khlyen	Action	8.4	The Killjoys finally turn the tables on Khlyen, only to discover the shocking truth behind his presence in the Quad, which leaves Dutch to wonder if she was ever truly free.
1788	Killjoys	Escape Velocity	Action	8.4	A friend who is close to the Killjoys is arrested by the Company in the Season 1 finale, which also finds Dutch and John compelled to choose a side as tensions boil over.
1789	Friday Night Dinner	Friday Night Dinner	Comedy	8.0	For the Goodman family, Friday Night Dinner is just like Sunday lunch: just take two days away, change the meal to dinner, and you've pretty much got it. Adam and his brother, Jonny, view Friday night dinner as a necessary annoyance - necessary because they get fed, and annoying because, well, they have to spend the evening with mum and dad
1789	Friday Night Dinner	The Sofabed	Comedy	8.0	Dad has forgotten that he asked a man off eBay to come and pick up their old sofabed, which gets stuck on the stairs, trapping Mum and Adam upstairs. Will Mum ever get to see Masterchef?
1789	Friday Night Dinner	The Jingle	Comedy	8.0	Adam and Jonny are desperate to know why Dad keeps peering into his underpants with a magnifying glass
1789	Friday Night Dinner	The Curtains	Comedy	8.0	Mum's excited about the new curtains, but the boys and Grandma think they're horrible. Dad drops Mum's beef casserole on the kitchen floor, so Jonny and Adam head to the pub.
1789	Friday Night Dinner	The Dress	Comedy	8.0	Mum finds out that Dad didn't throw away his boxes of old magazines. Adam and Jonny are convinced that Mum's friend's daughter has a face like a foot. And Jim's distraught when Wilson goes missing.
1789	Friday Night Dinner	The Mercedes	Comedy	8.0	Sheila Bloom - also known as 'Bitchface' - almost runs Adam over on his birthday. When Dad reveals that he used to have a thing with Bitchface years ago, the boys can't believe it and Mum's not happy.
1789	Friday Night Dinner	The Date	Comedy	8.0	Adam comes home to find the house looking immaculate and the table set for five. The doorbell rings and in walks Tanya Green, the girl Mum has been trying to set up with Adam.
1789	Friday Night Dinner	Buggy	Comedy	8.0	When Jonny finds out that Adam threw his beloved 'Pandy' toy in the bin when he was 11, Jonny swears revenge, threatening to destroy 'Buggy', Adam's old rabbit
1789	Friday Night Dinner	Mr. Morris	Comedy	8.0	The boys are excited, because Grandma (Frances Cuka) is coming for dinner, and she's bringing her new boyfriend. 'He's not her boyfriend,' says mum, he's her 'male companion'.
1789	Friday Night Dinner	The Loft	Comedy	8.0	To get out of cleaning the loft with Dad and Adam, Jonny claims to have dislocated his shoulder. But when Adam discovers he's lying, he threatens to tell mum immediately.
1789	Friday Night Dinner	The New Car	Comedy	8.0	Jim has made a cake to celebrate his dog Wilson's birthday, while the family return from a spin in Jonny's new but uncool company car to find something awful has happened to the house
1789	Friday Night Dinner	The Yoghurts	Comedy	8.0	Jonny's in a pickle: he wants to split up with his 43-year-old girlfriend/boss, but he's too scared. Grandma offers him some advice, and some dancing lessons in the kitchen.
1789	Friday Night Dinner	The Mouse	Comedy	8.0	There's a mouse in the kitchen, Mum's hiding in the shed, Dad's in charge of the cooking, and Jim is delighted when he ends up invited to have dinner with the family
1789	Friday Night Dinner	Christmas Special	Comedy	8.0	It's Christmas Day. Mum has made a fantastic Christmas dinner. The boys are delighted that Grandma is coming round, but horrified that Dad's mother - 'Horrible Grandma' - is coming too.
1789	Friday Night Dinner	The Girlfriend	Comedy	8.0	Adam finally brings a girl home for dinner, but the evening is ruined when the family suddenly have to look after eight-year-old Katie, who has a massive girlie crush on Adam
1789	Friday Night Dinner	The Fox	Comedy	8.0	Dad is keeping a dead fox in the freezer in the garage because he wants to get it stuffed. But when Mum needs to use the freezer, Dad enlists Adam and Jonny in a desperate attempt to hide the animal.
1789	Friday Night Dinner	Mr Morris Returns	Comedy	8.0	The family are distraught when Grandma gets engaged to Mr Morris, her horrible 85-year-old boyfriend
1789	Friday Night Dinner	The Anniversary	Comedy	8.0	Mum and Dad's anniversary is ruined when Dad paints a portrait of Mum that looks like Margaret Thatcher, Jonny gets a tattoo of a skull, and Jim sleep-walks around their house, causing havoc
1789	Friday Night Dinner	The Piano	Comedy	8.0	Dad has bought a piano, and the world's most sarcastic piano tuner comes round to tune it. Meanwhile, the family spot Aunty Val having an affair. What should they do?
1789	Friday Night Dinner	The Big Day	Comedy	8.0	It's Grandma's wedding day, and she's getting married to the horrible Mr Morris. The family are distraught, but will Grandma really say 'I do'?
1790	Prey	Prey	Action	none	On the run accused of a terrible crime, Manchester Detective Marcus Farrow tries to prove his innocence while being hunted by his former friends and colleagues.
1790	Prey	Episode 1	Action	none	When detective Marcus Farrow is charged with murder, he has no choice but to escape and clear his name. But how long will it be before he is caught?
1790	Prey	Episode 2	Action	none	The extensive hunt for Farrow gains momentum when Reinhardt receives a tip-off about his whereabouts - but he manages to escape again.
1790	Prey	Episode 3	Action	none	DI Reinhardt closes in on her prey, the burden of the investigation becomes too much for Devlin - and Farrow finally gets some answers.
1791	Scream: The TV Series	Scream: The TV Series	Horror	7.3	"Scream" is based on the eponymous, international hit horror franchise. After a cyber-bullying incident results in a brutal murder, the shocking violence stirs up memories of a killing spree from the past that has haunted some, intrigued others and maybe just inspired a new killer. A group of teens - with two old friends struggling to reconnect at its heart - become lovers, enemies, suspects, targets and victims of a killer who's out for blood.
1791	Scream: The TV Series	Red Roses	Horror	7.3	What starts as a YouTube video going viral, soon leads to problems for the teenagers of Lakewood and serves as the catalyst for a murder that opens up a window to the town's troubled past.
1791	Scream: The TV Series	Hello, Emma	Horror	7.3	Another teen's death raises questions; the rift between Emma and Audrey grows; a podcaster reports on the town's murders.
1791	Scream: The TV Series	Wanna Play a Game?	Horror	7.3	Emma learns that her mother has been keeping even more secrets; the Killer challenges Emma to a dangerous game.
1791	Scream: The TV Series	Aftermath	Horror	7.3	A mysterious message sends Emma and Audrey in search of answers.
1791	Scream: The TV Series	Exposed	Horror	7.3	Emma learns a heartbreaking secret after a scandalous video leak.
1791	Scream: The TV Series	Betrayed	Horror	7.3	The new prime suspect is someone close to Emma.
1791	Scream: The TV Series	In the Trenches	Horror	7.3	Emma races to save a friend from the killer's dangerous game of hide-and-seek.
1791	Scream: The TV Series	Ghosts	Horror	7.3	Emma is shaken by another death; and uncovers a secret from the past.
1791	Scream: The TV Series	The Dance	Horror	7.3	Emma, who doubts that the actual killer has been captured, teams with Piper to find answers at the Halloween dance.
1791	Scream: The TV Series	Revelations	Horror	7.3	In the Season 1 finale, Emma tries to save a loved one and also learns the identity of the killer.
1794	Complications	Complications	Drama	8.0	John Ellison, a disillusioned suburban ER doctor, finds his existence transformed when he intervenes in a drive-by shooting, saving a young boy's life and killing one of his attackers. When Ellison learns the boy is the son of an influential gang leader and is still a target, he is compelled to save him at any cost. Ellison soon discovers that his own life – and his outlook on medicine – may never be the same.
1794	Complications	Patient Tyler: Gunshot Wound	Drama	8.0	The drama about a disillusioned ER doctor opens with Ellison saving the life of a young boy when he intervenes in a drive-by shooting.
1794	Complications	Infection	Drama	8.0	Ellison scrambles to locate Antoine when the boy disappears from his bed at the surgical center; and Polk tries to convince a patient to lie about her medical condition in order to keep John out of their supervisors' crosshairs.
1794	Complications	Onset	Drama	8.0	John visits Antoine's father, the leader of the VCC gang, in prison, and tries to disentangle himself from his responsibilities with Antoine. Meanwhile, things get out of control when Gretchen confronts Hillary's abusive boyfriend at his home.
1794	Complications	Immune Response	Drama	8.0	Gretchen makes expensive arrangements to hide Antoine in order to prevent Bridget from learning that John illegally transferred him to the surgical center. That means John needs to ask the gang for money, however. In other events, a past indiscretion tests John's relationship with Samantha.
1794	Complications	Outbreak	Drama	8.0	A gang shootout results in a flood of victims in the ER. John tries to halt the escalating violence, but to succeed he must navigate rival gang members and the police. Meanwhile, Gretchen tends to the young woman who sparked the bloodshed.
1794	Complications	Diagnosis	Drama	8.0	Det. Holden of the Gang Task Force questions John about his suspicious activity; and Gretchen travels to the gang neighborhood to save a young boy.
1794	Complications	Fever	Drama	8.0	John wants to help Gretchen, but doesn't want to circumvent the law; and Samantha's doubts about John are increased by information provided to her by Kyle.
1794	Complications	Relapse	Drama	8.0	John tries to rein in his compulsions, but is tested when he's tipped off about an impending massacre. Samantha, meanwhile, turns to Det. Holden for answers.
1794	Complications	Deterioration	Drama	8.0	Detective Holden forces John to testify against the Latin gang, provoking their anger. Meanwhile, Samantha's past threatens her marriage.
1794	Complications	Critical Condition	Drama	8.0	John and Gretchen's plans to get Antoine home are interrupted by an unexpected complication, forcing John to do everything in his power to save Antoine - and his own family.
1796	Other Space	Other Space	Comedy	6.0	In the early 22nd century the human race has mapped most of the known universe but failed to find alien life, and frankly gotten a little tired of the whole thing. A spaceship on a routine collection mission stumbles into the greatest discovery in history: an alternate universe, far stranger and way more dangerous than ours. Now the ship's crew - a collection of over-matched rookies, feuding siblings, burned-out veterans and obsolete robots - has to explore this new universe to try and find a way back home alive.
1796	Other Space	Into the Great Beyond...Beyond	Comedy	6.0	Young Stewart Lipinski is made captain of an exploratory space mission into space...his older sister Karen is made his second in command, and is none too happy about it. When their ship and crew stumble into a different universe with no way home, Stewart and Karen have to figure out their differences in order to survive.
1796	Other Space	Getting to Know You	Comedy	6.0	In an attempt to raise the morale of his frightened and fudge-riddled crew, Stewart initiates a bonding session that devolves into ice-breaker games. When Karen discovers that one of the crew members is actually an alien who's implanted memories in their heads, they play a high-stakes game of Mafia to weed out the intruder.
1796	Other Space	The Death of A.R.T.	Comedy	6.0	A.R.T. accidentally damages the ship while showing off his magnetic capabilities... when an angry Karen sends him outside to fix the damage, A.R.T. gets stuck, forcing Karen and Michael to come rescue him. While squabbling with Michael, Karen accidentally kicks A.R.T. into space. Meanwhile, Stewart, Tina, and Kent work on a message to send out into the new universe.
1796	Other Space	Ted Talks	Comedy	6.0	Tina gets a message from her boyfriend on earth, who dumps her. Tina, the only person qualified to perform an essential fuel extraction on a nearby planet, goes into hysterics… Karen, Michael and Natasha host a Girls Night to boost her spirits. Kent foists a Boys Night upon Stewart. Zalian and A.R.T. discover a viewing room, allowing them to watch the others. They infuse Girls & Boys Night with drama for their viewing pleasure.
1796	Other Space	Power-less	Comedy	6.0	When the ship is struck by lightning, the crew must conserve power to avoid being destroyed. Stewart and Zalian take the unheard-of step of flying the ship manually; Karen resorts to trickery to keep Michael, Tina and A.R.T. from using power; Kent loving nurses a lightning-addled Natasha back to health.
1796	Other Space	First Contact	Comedy	6.0	An alien appears in Stewart's dreams, but only seems to communicate if Stewart's dreams are erotic in nature. Stewart enlists both A.R.T. and Zalian's medicine cabinet in a dark, humiliating journey to make first contact. Karen slaps Michael in a rage over his tryst with Tina, and has to go undergo HR arbitration, overseen by an un-objective Tina.
1796	Other Space	Finale	Comedy	6.0	The crew makes contact with an alien at long last, but this historic moment is cut short when they realize they have a chance to make it home through an interplanetary ripple. Stewart and Michael decide to stay behind to learn more about the alien's culture, only to be underwhelmed... when they return, Karen chews them out for their mistake. Meanwhile, Tina uses Zalian, A.R.T., holograms, sedatives, and magnets to give Kent and Natasha their first and only date. Both groups are ripped from their activities by a series of shocking revelations about the universe, the alien and their chances for survival.
1798	Tatau	Tatau	Drama	6.0	Joe Layton (New Worlds, Father Brown) and Theo Barklem-Biggs (Silk, The Inbetweeners Movie) have been cast as Kyle Connor and Paul 'Budgie' Griffiths – the lead roles in BBC AMERICA's new drama Tatau. Set in the Cook Islands, the (8×60) series, written by Richard Zajdlic, is co-produced by Touchpaper TV (Being Human) and New Zealand's largest screen production company, South Pacific Pictures, for BBC Three and BBC AMERICA.Tatau follows Kyle (Layton) and Budgie (Barklem-Biggs), two twenty-something friends from London that set off to travel the world. Ahead of the journey, Kyle gets a Maori-style tattoo to celebrate their eventual destination: the Cook Islands.When snorkeling in a lagoon, Kyle finds the dead body of a local girl, Aumea, tied up underwater. Returning to the lagoon with the police, Kyle finds her corpse has disappeared. But Kyle knows what he saw. Desperate to uncover what happened, Kyle and Budgie find themselves sucked deeper and deeper into a world of Maori myths, symbols, and hallucinatory visions… until finally the full meaning of Kyle's tattoo is revealed.
1798	Tatau	Episode 1	Drama	6.0	Previous to his backpacking trip around the world, Kyle had a tattoo inked on his arm - a mark that he had designed himself. Upon his arrival in the beautiful South Pacific island of Manutaki, he finds that the tattoo provokes unexpected reactions from the locals, and he and his friend Budgie decide to determine their significance. Along the way, Kyle believes he has uncovered a terrible crime, but struggles to convince anybody that it has been committed. While he tries to convince his friends, he unwittingly upsets the Manutaki residents, who do not take kindly to foreigners making accusations.
1798	Tatau	Episode 2	Drama	6.0	Convinced that a terrible crime is going to be committed, Kyle becomes entangled with a powerful local family. He also delves deeper into the ancient local culture which includes shamans, spirits and hallucinogenic potions. Is Kyle now able to access prophetic visions or is he simply losing his mind? After the previous revelation, Kyle seeks further confirmation of his powers when he insists on speaking to Aumea - the beautiful daughter of a powerful Manutaki Island family - and discovers the meaning of her tattoo. But Kyle's claims continue to stir up trouble and he still cannot convince people of the danger that Aumea might be in. Budgie's debts continue to be a worry, but maybe he has found a solution on the island?
1798	Tatau	Episode 3	Drama	6.0	Kyle's connection to Aumea causes her family to take drastic action.
1804	The Man in the High Castle	The Man in the High Castle	Drama	7.7	Producers Ridley Scott and Stewart Mackinnon bring us a startling depiction of an alternate history as imagined by author Philip K. Dick in his best-selling novel; a world in which Nazi Germany and Japan were victorious in World War II. The year is 1962 and the Axis Powers occupy the United States, where fascism rules and the few surviving Jews hide under assumed names.
1804	The Man in the High Castle	Pilot	Drama	7.7	The Man in the High Castle explores what it would be like if the Allied Powers had lost WWII, and Japan and Germany ruled the United States.
1804	The Man in the High Castle	Sunrise	Drama	7.7	In the neutral Rocky Mountain States, Juliana and Joe grow closer as Juliana gets a job in a local diner, and meets a mysterious man who informs her of the contents of a King James Bible in a local bookshop. Back in the Japanese Pacific States, Frank is tortured and interrogated by the Japanese Occupation military police who want to know Juliana's whereabouts. Tagomi and Wegener converse about the imminent death of Adolf Hitler and the power struggle that will engulf the Reich when this happens.
1812	The Body Farm	The Body Farm	Drama	none	Crime drama series following Eve Lockhart, one of Britain's leading forensic pathologists, and her team of scientists at a state-of-the-art forensic research facility.
1818	I Can Do That	I Can Do That	Comedy	none	NBC puts six celebrities to the test in its new one-hour comedy variety series "I Can Do That."Comedian-actor-producer Marlon Wayans ("Scary Movie" franchise) serves as host. Six of America's brightest entertainers come together to compete and showcase their talents with breathtaking and unique acts - featuring skills they did not even know they had.Joining Wayans for this summer series will be acclaimed dancer and choreographer Cheryl Burke ("Dancing with the Stars"), superstar recording artists Ciara, Joe Jonas and Nicole Scherzinger, national stand-up comedian Jeff Dye ("Last Comic Standing") and actor Alan Ritchson ("The Wedding Ringer"). Each week, in front of a live audience, the six cast members will enter a friendly rivalry as they choose their favorite act - what they think they can master - and who they would like to pair up with to master that act. The acts will span every variety of entertainment from song and dance to magic and danger. They will also feature some of America's biggest-name performers in guest-starring roles.With their acts selected, the duos make their way into the training studio, where they work with their expert coach for five days to produce an amazing act to perform on the next week's show. After a week of intensive training, the celebrities return to the stage to perform their act in hopes of scoring the top slot on the night's scoreboard.With no judges or eliminations, "I Can Do That" allows the cast to show off their untapped talents and enjoy a little friendly competition along the way. After six weeks of exploring their own unique talent range, one cast member will be revealed as the season's ultimate entertainer.
1818	I Can Do That	Jabbawockeez, Christian And Scooby, The Quiddlers	Comedy	none	Marlon Wayans hosts as the "I Can Do That" cast including Cheryl Burke, Ciara, Joe Jonas, Nicole Scherzinger, Jeff Dye and Alan Ritchson tackle their second week of performances. This week they will perform with the energetic hip hop dance team Jabbawockeez, winners of the first season of "America's Got Talent, the physical comedy team The Quiddlers, and the heart-warming performance duo, Christian & Scooby. After the cast shows off what they learned, the live audience will decide who performed the best and one of the duos will walk away with well-earned bragging rights.
1818	I Can Do That	Blue Man Group, Double Dutch, Ben Blaque	Comedy	none	Marlon Wayans hosts as the "I Can Do That" cast including Cheryl Burke, Ciara, Joe Jonas, Nicole Scherzinger, Jeff Dye and Alan Ritchson take on their next set of amazing performances. After a week of intense training, they will perform in pairs with the visually arresting Blue Man Group; they will take on double dutch jump rope; and, they will take on the pressure of performing with crossbow artist Ben Blaque. After the cast has demonstrated their mastery of these challenging acts, the live audience will decide who has performed the best and one of the duos will walk away with bragging rights.
1818	I Can Do That	Board Breakers, Avenue Q, Pilobolus	Comedy	none	Marlon Wayans hosts as the "I Can Do That" cast including Cheryl Burke, Ciara, Joe Jonas, Nicole Scherzinger, Jeff Dye and Alan Ritchson perform with the Tony Award-winning Broadway production Avenue Q, the talented modern dance team Pilobolus and mixed martial arts stunt group the Board Breakers. After the teams have demonstrated their newfound skills, the audience will decide who has performed the best and the cast will then set their sights on new acts for the following week.
1818	I Can Do That	Snoop Dogg, The Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders, Tell-a-vision	Comedy	none	MARLON WAYANS HOSTS AS THE 'I CAN DO THAT' SEASON FINALE EPISODE FEATURES SNOOP DOGG, THE DALLAS COWBOYS CHEERLEADERS AND ILLUSION GROUP TELL-A-VISION - NBC's summer variety series concludes its season with a high-energy episode in which cast members perform with the prolific, award-winning recording artist Snoop Dogg, the world famous Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders and live performance art group Tell-A-Vision. The cast, including Cheryl Burke, Ciara, Joe Jonas, Nicole Scherzinger, Jeff Dye and Alan Ritchson, then demonstrates their newfound skills with combined performances featuring all of the acts they have mastered during the season. Once the overall scores are tallied, one of the cast members will walk away with bragging rights.
1819	Dark Matter	Dark Matter	Action	7.8	In "Dark Matter", the crew of a derelict spaceship is awakened from stasis with no memories of who they are or how they got on board. Facing threats at every turn, they have to work together to survive a voyage charged with vengeance, betrayal and hidden secrets.
1819	Dark Matter	Episode One	Action	7.8	A spaceship crew awaken from stasis with no memory of their mission or their identities, but once they reach their destination, a mining colony, they begin to look for answers while working together to survive in the series premiere of this adaptation of the graphic novel series of the same name.
1819	Dark Matter	Episode Two	Action	7.8	The crew come to terms with revelations about their respective pasts; at the same time, they face the dilemma of helping the miners against insurmountable odds or abandoning them to certain death.
1819	Dark Matter	Episode Three	Action	7.8	Sabotage is suspected and the onboard paranoia surges when the ship mysteriously veers off course. To bring the systems back online, a perilous spacewalk is required; at the same time, Five makes a shocking discovery.
1819	Dark Matter	Episode Four	Action	7.8	The past comes back to haunt members of the crew during a stopover at a space station, during which Four makes a stunning discovery, while Two and Five learn that some games of chance come with surprising risks. Elsewhere, Six receives some unwanted attention at a local clinic; and One and Three's attempts to sell the weapons in their cargo hold lands them at a dangerous disadvantage.
1819	Dark Matter	Episode Five	Action	7.8	The crew are hired by their handler to salvage a seemingly deserted space freighter, a reclaim op that appears to be straightforward until a deadly cargo is uncovered and they are forced to fight for their lives.
1819	Dark Matter	Episode Six	Action	7.8	Chemical hypnosis and the ship's neural link are used to explore the memories secreted away in Five's subconscious, during which she uncovers the dark truth about Four and Six's violent pasts. She also learns about the circumstances that landed her on the ship and gains some insight into the idyllic childhood of a mysterious little boy.
1819	Dark Matter	Episode Seven	Action	7.8	The crew finally gain access to the secret room in the ship's underbelly and among the items they find inside are a sunny android and a desperately ill woman who reveals a connection to Three.
1819	Dark Matter	Episode Eight	Action	7.8	The crew stop at a space station to refuel and rest, but Six has a different agenda, which has to do with revenge. Meanwhile, One is taken aback by an unwelcome revelation.
1819	Dark Matter	Episode Nine	Action	7.8	Four abandons the ship to embark on a reckless mission to reclaim his past and the crew are left wondering whether they should rescue him or let fate run its deadly course.
1819	Dark Matter	Episode Ten	Action	7.8	The crew's need of money compels them to take on a dangerous assignment, which involves heisting a mysterious device from a rival corporation. Complications arise when they encounter another team of mercenaries who have been hired to do the same job.
1819	Dark Matter	Episode Eleven	Action	7.8	The crew's youngest member and an unexpected surprise turn out to be their best chance in a race against time to retake the ship from a group of ruthless mercenaries hell-bent on delivering them to the Galactic Authority.
1819	Dark Matter	Episode Twelve	Action	7.8	The crew's handler sends them on a seemingly simple retrieval op that involves a scientist being held against his will on a remote world. This snatch and grab, however, quickly devolves into a horrifying ordeal, which reunites one member of the crew with a powerful individual from her past.
1819	Dark Matter	Episode Thirteen	Action	7.8	Personalities clash, long-held secrets are revealed and the crew members are rocked by a shocking betrayal in the Season 1 finale.
1820	Proof	Proof	Drama	7.5	Jennifer Beals plays Dr. Carolyn Tyler, who has suffered the recent, devastating loss of her teenage son, the breakup of her marriage and a growing estrangement from her daughter. Carolyn is persuaded by Ivan Turing (Modine), a cancer-stricken tech inventor and billionaire to investigate cases of reincarnation, near-death experiences, hauntings and other phenomena, all of it in the search for evidence that death is not the end.
1820	Proof	Pilot	Drama	7.5	Cardiothoracic surgeon Dr. Carolyn Tyler is hired by a terminally ill billionaire to investigate cases of life after death in an effort to prove the existence of an afterlife.
1820	Proof	Til Death	Drama	7.5	When a young man claims he's seen the ghost of his recently deceased wife, Dr. Tyler and her team are brought in to investigate an increasingly bizarre case of loss, love and jealousy.
1820	Proof	Showdown	Drama	7.5	Carolyn and her team investigate the case of an Iraq war vet who claims to have PTSD from a past life experience during the Korean War. Carolyn reconnects with a medical school colleague turned "regression therapist.".
1820	Proof	Redemption	Drama	7.5	A cop killer has a nightmarish near-death experience. Further investigation reveals the event may carry an important message from beyond.
1820	Proof	Memento Vivere	Drama	7.5	When a Jane Doe wakes up in the coma ward with no memory of who she is, Cat and her team are stunned to find that she has memories that belong to other deceased coma patients. Len and Sophie find a surprising connection to Will.
1820	Proof	Private Matters	Drama	7.5	Turing asks Carolyn to investigate the case of a programmer who died while using a cutting-edge technology that may have recorded images of his death. Zed makes a difficult decision about his future.
1820	Proof	St. Luke's	Drama	7.5	The team investigates a strange haunting at an old church. Carolyn gets an unexpected visit from her parents.
1820	Proof	Reborn	Drama	7.5	When a grieving mother claims she's found the reincarnation of her dead son in one of Carolyn's patients, a young piano prodigy, the lines between Carolyn's proof investigations and professional life begin to blur. Sasha, Ivan's sister, grows more suspicious of his behavior.
1820	Proof	Tsunami: Part One	Drama	7.5	Carolyn begins to lose her grip on reality as she deals with a delicate heart transplant case. Turing plans to take a very dangerous trip. Zed experiences complications in his romantic life.
1820	Proof	Tsunami: Part Two	Drama	7.5	Carolyn makes a devastating choice as her proof investigations, personal life and professional life all come to a dangerous head. Turing undergoes a life-threatening surgery.
1821	Ballers	Ballers	Drama	6.8	Ballers' is a new half-hour comedy series starring Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson. The first season begins its 10-episode run on June 21, 2015 at 10 pm. Looking at the lives of former and current football players, the show follows former superstar Spencer Strasmore as he gets his life on track in retirement while mentoring other current and former players through the daily grind of the business of football.
1821	Ballers	Pilot	Drama	6.8	After the unexpected demise of a friend and former teammate, retired football superstar Spencer ramps up his efforts to build a post-football career in Miami, and feels pressure from Joe, his boss at a financial firm, to "monetize his friendships." Meanwhile, recently retired player Charles, copes with the realities of finding a new job. Talented wide receiver Ricky is forced to put his pride aside to find a new home. Vernon, a player on the rise, finds himself in a tight spot and reaches out to Spencer for help.
1821	Ballers	Raise Up	Drama	6.8	A cash-strapped Spencer struggles to close a deal when Vernon's best friend, Reggie, refuses to step aside, while Jason works hard to renegotiate for his client. On his first day of workouts, Ricky finds that not all his new teammates are friendly. At his new job, Charles finds it hard to keep his mind off the game. At a brunch to talk business, Spencer counsels Vernon to learn from his mistakes.
1821	Ballers	Move the Chains	Drama	6.8	Hoping to attract new clients, Spencer and Joe hold a corporate event on a yacht. In their fight over Vernon, Spencer and Reggie's rivalry hits the boiling point. Bored by retirement, Charles lets loose for a night. Ricky learns his beef with his teammate, Alonzo, may be due to an unsavory connection.
1821	Ballers	Heads Will Roll	Drama	6.8	Facing pressure from Tracy, Spencer pays a visit to a neurologist. Charles is pursued by a woman he met the night before, while Joe breaks the rules to bag a big client. Ricky, facing more trouble, finds himself a mantra. After Reggie tries to hijack Vernon's re-negotiation, Spencer takes a stand.
1821	Ballers	Machete Charge	Drama	6.8	Ricky tries to find common ground with Alonzo. Charles' marriage is put to the test. Spencer and Joe step in to help Vernon with a crisis.
1821	Ballers	Everything is Everything	Drama	6.8	Charles decides to be selfish for a change, while Joe negotiates with Maximo. When Ricky's off-field activities are exposed by the press, he's forced to open up in order to save his career. Spencer decides to face his fears after he's confronted by Tracy.
1821	Ballers	Ends	Drama	6.8	Spencer decides to take the hit for Vernon, but finds himself in even deeper trouble. Julie and Bella commiserate over their men, while Ricky lashes out. Jason is unsettled by his mother's new boyfriend. Spencer and Charles say goodbye to Rodney, and reflect on their love of the game.
1821	Ballers	Gaslighting	Drama	6.8	Spencer is forced to face up to his past to try to save Vernon, while Joe makes a very permanent commitment to his future. Charles puts his football skills to work at the car dealership. Ricky shells out the big bucks to win back Bella.
1821	Ballers	Head-On	Drama	6.8	Spencer tries to make amends. Joe feels slighted when he's overlooked at work. Charles gets some life-changing news. Bella challenges Ricky to grow up. Vernon goes MIA after learning some truths about Reggie.
1821	Ballers	Flamingos	Drama	6.8	Spencer faces a major decision when Joe tries to sell him on a new start. Ricky is confronted by his dad. Charles gets a second chance. Jason and Spencer look to talk sense into Vernon.
1822	The Brink	The Brink	Comedy	7.8	A new half-hour dark comedy series, The Brink focuses on a geopolitical crisis and its effect on three disparate and desperate men: Walter Larson (played by Tim Robbins), the US Secretary of State; Alex Talbot (Jack Black), a lowly Foreign Service officer; and Zeke Tilson (Pablo Schreiber), an ace Navy fighter pilot. These three compromised souls must pull through the chaos around them to save the planet from World War Three.
1822	The Brink	Pilot	Comedy	7.8	In Islamabad, Pakistan, low-level State Department bureaucrat Alex Talbot asks his driver Rafiq to take him to a bazaar to score some weed. Encountering a mass protest that turns violent, they flee their car and take refuge in the house Rafiq shares with his parents and sister. In Washington, D.C., Secretary of State Walter Larson is fetched from a hotel tryst by his seen-it-all aide, Kendra Peterson, to attend an emergency White House meeting on the growing unrest in Pakistan. After learning that paranoid General Umair Zaman is threatening the region with destruction, President Navarro and ultra-hawkish Secretary of Defense Grey put a plan in motion to remove Pakistan's nuclear arsenal, against Larson's advice that such an operation is risky and reckless.
1822	The Brink	Half-Cocked	Comedy	7.8	With President Navarro and Defense Secretary Grey ordering a military response to General Zaman's threats, Walter argues that an air strike could unleash a world war. He and Kendra must track down a moderate contact inside the Pakistan government to defuse the crisis. Meanwhile, after learning that classified information has been sent from Rafiq's house, Zaman's men storm the place, threaten Rafiq's family, and drag Alex to an undisclosed location for interrogation of the worst kind. In the skies over Pakistan, with Walter and the president looking on via an airborne camera, Zeke tries to sober up a drug-addled Glenn, but his partner accidentally launches a missile that creates high anxiety in three world capitals.
1822	The Brink	Baghdad My Ass	Comedy	7.8	Alex attempts to get a message to Walter. Walter has to deal with some personal and professional surprises.
1822	The Brink	I'll Never Be Batman	Comedy	7.8	In New Delhi, Walter defies doctor's orders and meets with the Indian foreign minister (Ajay Mehta) to urge him to withdraw his troops. Zeke contemplates the merits and perils of leading a double life before he and Glenn take off on a recon mission. In Islamabad, Alex encounters resistance as he tries to deliver a package to Raja.
1822	The Brink	Swim, Shmuley, Swim	Comedy	7.8	Zeke and Glenn narrowly escape two armed men in a tribal region before being picked up by Martin and Vanessa, an eccentric British couple. With Fareeda missing, Alex and Rafiq head to her school and encounter a group of girls with nowhere to go. Against the president's orders, Walter pays an unscheduled visit to the Israeli foreign minister (Iris Bahr).
1822	The Brink	Tweet Tweet Tweet	Comedy	7.8	Walter runs into Joanne in Tel Aviv. Martin and Vanessa hold Zeke and Glenn hostage.
1822	The Brink	Sticky Wicket	Comedy	7.8	Zeke is challenged to a fight. En route to DC, Walter fakes a medical emergency to force an unscheduled landing. With the American embassy on lockdown, Alex plots an escape.
1822	The Brink	Who's Grover Cleveland?	Comedy	7.8	With tensions rising in Islamabad, Walter tries to convince the president to act with caution. On the aircraft carrier, Zeke must deal with the women in his life before he and his fellow pilots get new orders. Inside the Embassy, Alex tries to make amends with Rafiq and Fareeda.
1822	The Brink	Just a Little Crazy Talk	Comedy	7.8	Walter tries to strike a deal with Zaman's highest-ranking general. Zeke and Glenn find a way to pass the time after being grounded. With Rafiq translating, Alex tries to figure out if and when he should initiate Walter's "Plan B.".
1822	The Brink	There Will Be Consequences	Comedy	7.8	With a global crisis looming, Zeke and Glenn once again find themselves in a compromised state. Walter tries to defuse the situation with various heads of state via videoconference; Alex attempts to connect with Zaman on a personal level.
1823	Between	Between	Drama	7.0	Between is the story of a town under siege from a mysterious disease that has wiped out everybody except those 21 years old and under. The series explores the power vacuum that results when a government has quarantined a 10-mile diameter area and left the inhabitants to fend for themselves.Between is the story of a town under siege from a mysterious disease that has wiped out everybody except those 21 years old and under. The series explores the power vacuum that results when a government has quarantined a 10-mile diameter area and left the inhabitants to fend for themselves.
1823	Between	School's Out	Drama	7.0	A thriller about a quarantined town where anyone over the age of 22 has succumbed to a mysterious virus begins with those left alive scrambling to survive.
1823	Between	Who's the Boss	Drama	7.0	The remaining residents of Pretty Lake collect the dead in hopes that the quarantine will be lifted once the bodies are burned.
1823	Between	Crossing Lines	Drama	7.0	The power goes out across Pretty Lake, and tensions escalate as communications are cut off with the outside world.
1823	Between	Love Hurts	Drama	7.0	A young teacher fears that she may succumb to the virus; Chuck institutes a harsh and public punishment for a kid caught stealing; and Adam's search for the truth continues.
1823	Between	End of the Rope	Drama	7.0	The residents of Pretty Lake remain cut off from the outside world, but on the bright side, at least their power has been restored.
1823	Between	War	Drama	7.0	The government arrives in Pretty Lake with a cure for the virus; at the same time, Adam reveals information that could save his friends.
1824	Fear The Walking Dead	Fear The Walking Dead	Drama	7.6	What did the world look like as it was transforming into the horrifying apocalypse depicted in The Walking Dead? This summer, AMC will answer that question with Fear the Walking Dead, an all-new original series set in Los Angeles, following new characters as they face the beginning of the end of the world.
1824	Fear The Walking Dead	Pilot	Drama	7.6	A highly dysfunctional blended family is forced together when they realize a reported virus is actually the onset of the undead apocalypse.
1824	Fear The Walking Dead	So Close, Yet So Far	Drama	7.6	As Madison struggles to keep Nick from crippling withdrawal, Travis ventures out to find his son before Los Angeles falls.
1824	Fear The Walking Dead	The Dog	Drama	7.6	Travis, Liza and Chris seek refuge with the Salazar family after escaping a violent riot. Meanwhile, Madison defends her home.
1824	Fear The Walking Dead	Not Fade Away	Drama	7.6	Madison and Travis witness different sides of the National Guard's occupation of their neighborhood.
1824	Fear The Walking Dead	Cobalt	Drama	7.6	The National Guard's plan for the neighborhood and its residents is revealed, forcing Travis and Madison to make a difficult decision.
1825	The Expanse	The Expanse	Science-Fiction	8.0	A thriller set two hundred years in the future, "The Expanse" follows the case of a missing young woman who brings a hardened detective and a rogue ship's captain together in a race across the solar system to expose the greatest conspiracy in human history.
1827	Black Work	Black Work	Drama	10.0	'Black Work' is the story of Jo Gillespie, a woman who's husband is shot dead in the line of action, in his job as a undercover cop. Jo, a police officer herself soon has to confront issues in her marriage and family life in order to discover who really killed her husband.
1827	Black Work	Episode 1	Drama	10.0	When her detective husband is murdered, PC Jo Gillespie is expected to leave it to her colleagues in the force to find his killer. But can Jo trust her police family?
1830	The Willis Family	The Willis Family	Family	none	"The Willis Family" is a new series following a musically gifted family of fourteen — 4 boys, 8 girls and parents Brenda and Toby — as they make music at home and on the road.
1830	The Willis Family	The Willis Family	Family	none	A couple raise 12 children who are involved in music, dance and wrestling in Tennessee. In the opener, Brenda's birthday is coming up, but she's so busy with the kids' lives that it's in danger of being forgotten until the eldest child, Jessica, writes a song called "Mama," which the Willis Clan perform later at the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville. Also: The family help raise money for a community charity with a concert at a local library.
1830	The Willis Family	Dance Your Pants Off	Family	none	A Grand Ole Opry opportunity to perform with country star Josh Turner catches the family by surprise, so they scramble to create a dance routine and choose a song while also dealing with wardrobe malfunctions before the gig.
1830	The Willis Family	Willis On One Knee	Family	none	Jair gets ready to propose to his girlfriend, Mary, and his sisters are eager to help. Meanwhile, the younger kids re-create a winning dance routine their older siblings did years ago.
1830	The Willis Family	Kilt the Nudies!	Family	none	New musical performances help the family get in touch with their Irish roots.
1830	The Willis Family	While Mom's Away	Family	none	Brenda and Toby's romantic dinner is interrupted by Jaeger. Later, Jess and Jair go to New York with their mother to shoot a music video and meet with a record executive, while Toby stays at home with the other 10 kids.
1830	The Willis Family	Willises Go West	Family	none	A month-long tour includes rock climbing in Minnesota, wrestling in Colorado and surfing on the West Coast, but the kids must also find time for schoolwork and interviews in between gigs.
1830	The Willis Family	A Willis Debut	Family	none	The cross-country tour ends, but now the family prepare for their album-release party.
1831	The Briefcase	The Briefcase	Family	none	The show features a social experiment element. In each episode, two hard-working American families experiencing financial setbacks are presented by the show's producers with a briefcase containing $101,000 and a potentially life-altering decision: they can keep all of the money for themselves, or give all or part of it to another family in need.
1831	The Briefcase	Bronsons/Bergins	Family	none	Emotions run high when the Bergin Family from Matthews, N.C. and the Bronson Family from Manchester, N.H. are presented with a life-changing amount of money and a huge decision - to keep, give or share it with the other family. Initially, they think their choice will be straightforward, but after learning about each other lives, they realize it is much more complicated.
1831	The Briefcase	Scotts/Musolinos	Family	none	A Maryland couple are up against the hefty cost of adoption, while a family based in North Carolina deal with being apart for half the year while dad works a fishing job in Florida.
1831	The Briefcase	Wylies / Bailey-Stewarts	Family	none	A Texas family whose Christian faith has guided them through tough financial times consider how a large sum of money could impact their lives; at the same time, a lesbian couple who took on the responsibility of two children in need are presented with an opportunity to make their dream of having their own baby come true.
1831	The Briefcase	Matas/Melansons	Family	none	The Matas from Boyle Heights, Calif. and The Melansons from Huningham, Mass. face a difficult decision when they see similarities within each other's families and must decide whether to invest the money in their own children and homes or share with the other family.
1831	The Briefcase	Owens/Aponte-Kassimatis	Family	none	Robert and Lucy Owens discover secrets about each other's finances while they face repaying huge student loans, and the Aponte-Kassimatis family is in danger of losing the home they need to restore for a second time following damage from a storm.
1831	The Briefcase	Moyas/Vendely-Salgados	Family	none	The Moyas and the Vendely-Salgados face the decision of planning for their own family's future or sharing the money, even though they have very different views and lifestyles.
1832	The Secret War	The Secret War	War	7.0	The series traces the moves and countermoves between British and German scientists on land, sea, and in the air.
1832	The Secret War	The Battle Of The Beams	War	7.0	The mysterious radio signals from Germany which could guide enemy night bombers to a pin-point target anywhere in the British Isles could have proved disastrous for the almost non-existent British defences. Professor R.V. Jones of the RAF Scientific intelligence recounts how the "Beams" were first discovered and then countered...with crucial timeliness.
1832	The Secret War	To See For A Hundred Miles	War	7.0	The story of wartime radar, and the struggle to keep one step ahead of the enemy, is one of a deadly battle fought in the laboratory and the night skies of Germany; a desperate, silent contest played out at what was then the very frontier of scientific progress. Included in this absorbing account of the radar war are contributions from many of the British and German participants.
1832	The Secret War	Terror Weapons	War	7.0	In the early hours of 13 June 1944, a small German aircraft crashed and exploded in Bethnal Green, killing six civilians. Rescue workers could find no German Crew. That was because there was none. The V1 had arrived, and with it a terrifying new era in warfare.
1832	The Secret War	If...	War	7.0	This is the story of weapons which might have been; weapons as diverse as the incredible Giant Panjandrum and the equally extraordinary Gigant, a glider almost as large as a Jumbo jet
1832	The Secret War	The Deadly Waves	War	7.0	Although the magnetic mine had been invented by the British in 1917, interest had languished in Britain between the wars, and it was the Germans who were to develop the device to new levels of deadly effectiveness. This is the story of how two navel officers calmly and fearlessly dismantled the first German magnetic mine on a sand bar off Shoeburyness, and reveals how its various successors were discovered and countered by the British.
1832	The Secret War	Still Secret	War	7.0	There can be no doubt that the best kept secret war was the penetration by British Intelligence of the German codes known as Enigma. To this day the whole story has yet to be told. However, this account, recounted by some of the men and woman involved and chiefly shot on location in the actual secret wartime venues, reveals just about all that is known.
1832	The Secret War	Battle of the Atlantic	War	7.0	A detailed look into history, the technical developments and tactics used by both Allied and Axis sides during this long and difficult campaign, featuring such innovations as Asdic, Type 271 radar, Wolfpacks, Cam Fighters, Hedgehog, Huff-Duff, US Blimps, ASV radar, the Leigh light, Metox, Naval H2S radar, Schnorkels and Escort carriers.
1833	Banished	Banished	Crime	9.0	At its heart, Banished is a story of survival. Though it is set in the stark historical reality of the founding of the penal colony in Australia in 1788 after the arrival of the First Fleet, it is not the story of Australia and how it came to be. Rather, it is a tale of love, faith, justice and morality played out on an epic scale in a confined community where the stakes are literally life and death.
1833	Banished	Episode 1	Crime	9.0	It is 1788 in New South Wales, and dawn is breaking over the ramshackle camp where British convicts and their masters are waking up to another dangerous day.
1833	Banished	Episode 2	Crime	9.0	Freeman must tackle bully Marston, who is persisting in stealing his food. Drastic action is required.
1833	Banished	Episode 3	Crime	9.0	Reverend Johnson leads the community in prayer on a hot beach as they bury another poor soul who has succumbed to the hardships of life. After shouting is heard from out at sea, some marines are gesturing that their fishing nets have been slashed. Elizabeth and Tommy marriage is later blessed by Reverend Johnson in the partially built church.
1833	Banished	Episode 4	Crime	9.0	Historical drama set in an Australian penal colony. Mary Johnson shares her past sorrow with the insightful convict Anne Meredith as the camp waits for news of Freeman.
1833	Banished	Episode 5	Crime	9.0	Historical drama set in an Australian penal colony. To everyone's amazement Freeman is alive, and Major Ross is deeply affected by a personal loss.
1833	Banished	Episode 6	Crime	9.0	Rebellion is in the air and Tommy's headstrong behaviour risks Elizabeth's future plans.
1833	Banished	Episode 7	Crime	9.0	Drama set in an Australian penal colony. James Freeman faces the most difficult decision of his life. With the prisoners far outnumbering the soldiers, what will the outcome be?
1834	1864	1864	Drama	9.0	When Germany and Prussia declare war on Denmark, two brothers are called to serve in the bloodiest battle in Denmark's history. We follow the brothers Peter and Laust during the years of the Second Schleswig War, two brothers in love with the same woman.
1834	1864	Episode 1	Drama	9.0	It is the end of the First Schleswig War and we follow the lives of two young boys living in a rural part of Denmark. Their dad along with the baron's son, Didrich returns home as veterans. The dad sustained a leg wound and Didrich possibly got PTSD. In a modern story arch, a young girl Claudia is sent to help an old Baron.
1834	1864	Episode 2	Drama	9.0	As Laust and Peter grow up, they are both in love with Inge, who loves them both in return. Peter dreams of seeing more of the world, his interest piqued by the arrival of a family of travellers on the estate. On the politcal stage, the driven and somewhat unbalanced Monrad succeeds in stirring up a national euphoria in Denmark, a belief that the province of Schleswig has been given to the Danes by God. The Baron, seized by this nationalistic zeal, persuades the brothers of their duty to join the army.
1834	1864	Episode 3	Drama	9.0	Monrad forces a new constitution through parliament that incorporates Schleswig into the Danish kingdom and triggers a declaration of war from Prussia
1834	1864	Episode 4	Drama	9.0	At Dannevirke, Peter and Laust are dismayed to find the historic defences almost useless, and disheartened to learn that their new captain is Didrich.
1834	1864	Episode 5	Drama	9.0	Following the shaming evacuation of Danevirke, the retreating Danish troops are harried by bloodthirsty Prussian hussars. Laust's division is caught in a fierce snowstorm and he is ordered to retrieve an artillery piece from a frozen lake. Expelled by her family, Inge travels south towards Sonderborg to find Laust before their baby is born.
1842	The Island	The Island	Drama	none	In the hour-long "The Island," internationally acclaimed adventurer and survivalist Bear Grylls gives the modern American man the ultimate challenge: Can a man of today's world survive on a deserted island without the luxuries - or even the basics - of contemporary everyday life?"The Island," based on the hit Shine TV-produced Channel 4 U.K. series of the same name, doesn't include any of the usual reality show trappings. There are no prizes. No eliminations. No winner. No camera teams. The entire series is filmed by the men themselves. The six episodes will show 14 American men isolated on a deserted island with only the clothes on their backs and minimal survival tools, committed to filming every moment themselves. These 21st-century American men, who are accustomed to roofs over their heads, restaurants and the benefits of technology, are stripped of all modern conveniences and catapulted back to the basics. They must hunt for food, source water, erect shelter, build community and try to survive using only their strength, determination and know-how. All of the men, including a stay-at-home dad, a trauma surgeon, a firefighter and a criminal defense attorney, have something to prove to themselves and each other. This experiment takes them to the very edge of human endurance. They will test their physical, mental and emotional limits and fight for their very existence.
1842	The Island	Man Up	Drama	none	Fourteen men are dropped on a deserted island, where they must work together to survive.
1842	The Island	No Water, No Life	Drama	none	The men desperately search for fresh drinking water as hard truths about living on the island hit them hard.
1842	The Island	Easier Said Than Done	Drama	none	The 12 remaining men desperately seek food, and tension mounts as some men question their desire to stay on the island.
1842	The Island	Expect The Unexpected	Drama	none	The men begin to miss their families. Meanwhile, some participants form a bond to find food as others contemplate leaving the island.
1842	The Island	Anything Can Happen	Drama	none	The men discover the importance of shelter and community, yet two participants intend to stay separated from the main camp and do nothing.
1842	The Island	The Things That Really Matter	Drama	none	With the end in sight, the divide between the camps comes to a head. Finally, after a 28-day struggle to survive, Bear Grylls returns and faces a group of truly changed men.
1844	Stitchers	Stitchers	Drama	7.6	ABC Family's first procedural drama, "Stitchers," follows Kirsten (Emma Ishta), a young woman recruited into a covert government agency to be 'stitched' into the minds of the recently deceased, using their memories to investigate murders and decipher mysteries that otherwise would have gone to the grave. Working alongside Kirsten is Cameron (Kyle Harris), a brilliant neuroscientist whose passion for the program is evident in his work. The secret program is headed by Maggie (Salli Richardson-Whitfield), a skilled veteran of covert operations, and includes Linus (Ritesh Rajan), a socially immature bioelectrical engineer and communications technician. Kirsten's roommate, Camille (Allison Scagliotti), a gifted computer science grad student, is also recruited to use her skills to assist Kirsten in her new role as a 'stitcher.'
1844	Stitchers	A Stitch In Time	Drama	7.6	Kirsten is recruited by a covert government agency to help solve crimes by gaining access to the memories of the recently deceased in the series premiere of this drama.
1844	Stitchers	Friends in Low Places	Drama	7.6	When a dangerous drug hits the underground rave scene, Kirsten is forced to delay stitching into someone's fading memory in order to find the source of the drugs and stop more people from dying.
1844	Stitchers	Connections	Drama	7.6	A newlywed husband is suspected of killing his wife, but a stitch doesn't yield enough evidence against him. However, Kirsten has powerful emotions from the stitch and is convinced of his guilt. Meanwhile, Linus bonds with Camille.
1844	Stitchers	I See You	Drama	7.6	Cameron's neighbor is killed, so the team set up a stakeout at Cameron's apartment to determine whether Cameron was the real target. Meanwhile, Kirsten learns more info about Marta's calamitous stitch.
1844	Stitchers	Stitcher In The Rye	Drama	7.6	Kirsten grows suspicious of her coworkers after she uncovers an algorithm for the Stitchers program in the hidden papers of a conspiracy theorist. Meanwhile, a surprising source sends Kirsten mysterious messages.
1844	Stitchers	Finally	Drama	7.6	A puzzling car accident leaves a brain researcher dead, and Kirsten's determined to uncover what happened. Meanwhile, Kirsten wants Linus' assistance in decoding a clue left by Ed Clark; and Kirsten seeks info on the roots of the Stitchers program.
1844	Stitchers	The Root Of All Evil	Drama	7.6	Kirsten's boyfriend visits her unexpectedly, and Maggie decides to do some research on him, since the whole team is surprised to learn that Kirsten has a beau. Meanwhile, a woman's lavish social life may yield clues about her death.
1844	Stitchers	Fire In The Hole	Drama	7.6	It's Kirsten's birthday and the Stitchers team is assigned to look into a disease researcher's suicide. When the body begins showing signs that it is carrying a deadly virus, the whole lab is placed under quarantine. The team jumps to action as they search for a way out, racing against the clock as, one-by-one, they come down with symptoms of exposure.
1844	Stitchers	Future Tense	Drama	7.6	A popular psychic is killed, so the team investigate. Meanwhile, Camille accepts an invitation to meet Linus' folks, but she's not eager about it.
1844	Stitchers	Full Stop	Drama	7.6	The Stitchers team is on the defense when Cameron and Detective Fisher are targeted in a shooting. Kirsten's stitch leads them to Robert Barbiero (guest star Henry Rollins), a security expert who has worked with Maggie in the past and was close to Kirsten's mom. As Kirsten follows the clues that Ed Clark left her, she finds unexpected answers to long-held questions.Meanwhile, Linus is jealous when Cameron starts training Camille to be his back-up in the Stitchers lab.
1845	Maron	Maron	Comedy	7.0	Marc Maron has been a comedian for 25 years. He's had his problems. He was an angry, drunk, self involved, twice divorced compulsive mess for most of his adult life, but with the popularity of a podcast he does in his garage and a life of sobriety, his life and career are turning around. "MARON" explores a fictionalized version of Marc's life, his relationships, and his career, including his incredibly popular WTF podcast, which features conversations Marc conducts with celebrities and fellow comedians. Neurosis intact, Maron is uniquely fascinating, absolutely compelling and brutally funny.
1845	Maron	Professor of Desire	Comedy	7.0	Marc's novelist pal asks him to guest lecture at the college where he teaches, but their friendship is tested when sparks fly between Marc and the TA.
1846	Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll	Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll	Comedy	7.3	"Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll" stars Denis Leary as "Johnny Rock," lead singer of a legendary early 90s New York band called The Heathens. Known for living up to their name, the band partied so long and so hard that even Keith Richards thought they needed to slow things down. The Heathens were on the brink of becoming famous for their kickass live shows and the release of their highly anticipated first album. Until they broke up. The same day the album dropped. Because lead guitarist Flash (John Corbett) found Johnny in bed with his wife. So the band became legendary for all the wrong reasons - like self-destructing sooner than any group in rock 'n' roll history. 25 years later the only thing bigger than Johnny's ego is his prostate. The drugs he really needs now aren't cocaine and marijuana - they're Crestor, Cymbalta and Cialis. He's out of work, out of money and out of show business options. That's when a massively talented young singer named Gigi (Elizabeth Gillies) shows up - with a burning desire to be famous, a throwback appreciation for The Heathens only album, and a stack of cash big enough to bring the whole band back into the studio. Only this time, SHE'S the lead singer and Johnny's just a behind the scenes songwriter. John Ales, Bobby Kelly and Elaine Hendrix round out the rest of this dysfunctional rock and roll family. The race is on to see who gets famous first - and for what reason.
1846	Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll	Don't Wanna Die Anonymous	Comedy	7.3	Watching a sold out Afghan Whigs reunion show leads Johnny to try and get his old band back together.
1846	Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll	Clean Rockin Daddy	Comedy	7.3	Gigi and the band want Johnny to write songs without using drugs or alcohol. Directed by Michael Blieden.
1846	Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll	Lust for Life	Comedy	7.3	Johnny dies. On the internet. And decides to stay dead for financial reasons. Which leads to a big break for Gigi. Directed by Michael Blieden.
1846	Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll	What You Like Is In The Limo	Comedy	7.3	Gigi's success on the NYC scene leads to The Heathens finding out they are somehow still big in Belgium.
1846	Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll	Doctor Doctor	Comedy	7.3	Gigi insists the entire band see a noted music therapist. Directed by Denis Leary.
1846	Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll	Tattoo You	Comedy	7.3	Gigi asks Johnny to get a tattoo of her name as a sign of true fatherly commitment. Directed by Michael Blieden.
1846	Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll	Supercalifragilisticjuliefriggingandrews	Comedy	7.3	Gigi meets Johnny's mom and finds out why Mary Poppins ruined her career in show business. And Johnny's childhood.
1846	Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll	Hard Out Here for a Pimp	Comedy	7.3	Johnny sets Gigi up with a boy her own age. Bam and Rehab come up with a new music genre.
1846	Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll	Take My Picture by the Pool	Comedy	7.3	Gigi gets a huge record deal. Bam and Rehab quit the band to become uber-hip EDM DJs.
1846	Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll	Because We're Legion	Comedy	7.3	Greg Dulli sets Gigi up with a well-respected producer from the west coast, which Johnny loves because Flash doesn't.
1847	Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Camp	Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Camp	Comedy	8.0	"Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Camp" tells the story of the first day of Camp Firewood's famous summer season, now fourteen years after the film's debut.
1847	Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Camp	Campers Arrive	Comedy	8.0	It's the first morning at Camp Firewood, and the horny counselors are already making their moves, while something sinister is going on in the woods
1847	Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Camp	Lunch	Comedy	8.0	Journalist Lindsey goes undercover as a counselor. Greg and Beth make a startling discovery. Coop has his hands full with Kevin and Donna.
1847	Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Camp	Activities	Comedy	8.0	Tensions rise after Blake sees Andy hitting on Katie. Beth goes to an unlikely source for help. Coop is crushed when Donna gives out multiple gifts
1847	Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Camp	Auditions	Comedy	8.0	Claude helps Susie find new leads for the musical. Gail tries to discover the truth about Jonas. The Falcon lands.
1847	Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Camp	Dinner	Comedy	8.0	Susie, Claude, Andy, and Katie get closer during the evening meal. Jonas overreacts when Victor crank-calls him. Beth and Greg hire a lawyer,
1847	Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Camp	Electro/City	Comedy	8.0	Lives change dramatically during the performance of the staff musical "Electro-City". Beth and Greg's lawsuit goes to trial.
1847	Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Camp	Staff Party	Comedy	8.0	Victor and Coop discover that sex is a lot more complicated that they thought. Lindsey has to file her article. Andy and Katie have a moment of truth.
1848	The Spoils Before Dying	The Spoils Before Dying	Comedy	7.0	Get your jazz hands ready, because Jonrosh's story takes viewers into the seedy underbelly of the 1950s jazz scene, in a detective story positively buzzing with erotic charge and a murder investigation that spins out of control.
1848	The Spoils Before Dying	Murder in B Flat	Comedy	7.0	Jazz singer Rock Banyon finds himself accused of the murder of former lover Fresno Foxglove and world-class scientist Wilbur Stygamian; when the police give Rock three days to prove his innocence, he flees to Mexico.
1848	The Spoils Before Dying	Blues for Barnaby	Comedy	7.0	Rock takes shelter in Mexico with former lover, Delores; when Rock is pursued by Salizar, Rock and Delores flee Mexico to lose him.
1848	The Spoils Before Dying	That's Jazz	Comedy	7.0	Rock performs on a jazz television show and later meets Kenton Price, a close friend of Stygamian's; Rock is accused of a second murder and the mystery deepens.
1848	The Spoils Before Dying	Fear Steps In	Comedy	7.0	While trying to uncover the mystery, Kenton Price is shot; Rock goes to Stygamian's house where Rock is drugged in a secret lair.
1848	The Spoils Before Dying	The Trip Trap	Comedy	7.0	Rock learns new details about the circumstances surrounding the murders of Fresno Foxglove and Stygamian from a secret source.
1848	The Spoils Before Dying	The Biscuit Eaters	Comedy	7.0	Rock is pursued by the FBI and uncovers the true murderer.
1849	Tut	Tut	Drama	7.0	Spike's Tut tells the astounding saga of one of history's most extraordinary rulers, Tutankhamun (King Tut), his rise to power and his struggle to lead Egypt to glory, while his closest advisors, friends and lovers scheme for their own nefarious interests. "Tut" opens up a fascinating window into a world filled with heart-breaking romance, epic battles, political backstabbing, conspiracy, jealousy, and even murder -- proving his world was not far removed from our own -- and that his reign as the youngest Egyptian king played out as a real-life drama for the ages.
1849	Tut	Power	Drama	7.0	The opener of a three-part drama on Egyptian pharaoh Tutankhamun's reign finds young Tut trying to wrest control of his kingdom while eliminating those who conspire against him.
1849	Tut	Betrayal	Drama	7.0	Amidst the Mitanni plot to conquer Egypt, Tut deals with a deadly illness spreading through the kingdom and an unexpected betrayal from his inner circle.
1849	Tut	Destiny	Drama	7.0	Tut sets out to achieve total victory against the Mitanni, and must destroy the last of his enemies within the palace to secure his place in history.
1850	Supergirl	Supergirl	Action	8.5	Born on the planet Krypton, Kara Zor-El escaped amid its destruction years ago. Since arriving on Earth, she's been hiding the powers she shares with her famous cousin. But now at age 24, she decides to embrace her superhuman abilities and become the hero she was destined to be.
1851	DC's Legends of Tomorrow	DC's Legends of Tomorrow	Drama	8.0	When heroes alone are not enough... the world needs legends. Having seen the future, one he will desperately try to prevent from happening, time-traveling rogue Rip Hunter is tasked with assembling a disparate group of both heroes and villains to confront an unstoppable threat - one in which not only is the planet at stake, but all of time itself. Can this ragtag team defeat an immortal threat unlike anything they have ever known?
1854	Ben Hur	Ben Hur	Drama	7.0	About the struggle between the Roman Empire and its rebellious conquest Judaea, and two best friends caught in a terrible moment in history.
1854	Ben Hur	Episode 1	Drama	7.0	About the struggle between the Roman Empire and its rebellious conquest Judaea, and two best friends caught in a terrible moment in history.
1854	Ben Hur	Episode 2	Drama	7.0	About the struggle between the Roman Empire and its rebellious conquest Judaea, and two best friends caught in a terrible moment in history.
1855	Blindspot	Blindspot	Action	7.8	A beautiful woman, with no memories of her past, is found naked in Times Square with her body fully covered in intricate tattoos. Her discovery sets off a vast and complex mystery that immediately ignites the attention of the FBI, which begins to follow the road map on her body into a larger conspiracy of crime, while bringing her closer to discovering the truth about her identity.
1855	Blindspot	Pilot	Action	7.8	A beautiful woman is found naked in Times Square, covered in fresh tattoos and with no idea who she is. So why is FBI Agent Kurt Weller's name on her back?
1855	Blindspot	A Stray Howl	Action	7.8	The team unlocks a cryptic tattoo that points to Major Arthur Gibson, an Air Force pilot with a painful past and a lethal agenda. Jane continues to search for clues to her identity and is haunted when flashes of a disturbing memory force her to question her past. Meanwhile, Weller thinks he might know Jane's true identity.
1855	Blindspot	Eight Slim Grins	Action	7.8	An infamous crew of thieves almost pulls off the perfect jewel heist, except one thief - with a Navy SEAL tattoo identical to Jane's - is captured at the scene of the crime. Does this man know Jane? Meanwhile, Jane receives a visit - and an ambiguous warning - from the mysterious bearded man from her first memory (guest star Johnny Whitworth) as Weller and Mayfair struggle with Jane's role on the team.
1855	Blindspot	Bone May Rot	Action	7.8	Patterson and her puzzle-expert boyfriend, David, decode a tattoo clue that sends the team to the Centers for Disease Control. While at the CDC, the team discovers a hidden message on Jane's body that uncovers a plot that could have catastrophic global consequences. Meanwhile, Jane and Weller grow closer.
1856	Dance Academy	Dance Academy	Drama	none	Fifteen year old Tara Webster has grown up on a farm in country Australia and has dreamt of being a dancer ever since she was a little girl. When she makes it into the National Academy of Dance - the best school in the country - she is sure her life is about to be spectacular. What Tara doesn't realise is how far behind she is in her training, and that there's a whole lot more to surviving the Academy than just dancing...
1857	Lekker Nederlands	Lekker Nederlands	Comedy	8.0	In this new musical program of SBS 6 called 'Lekker Nederlands' will Nick & Simon compete against Jeroen van Koningsbrugge and Dennis van de Ven (Jurk). They will re-write famous Dutch songs like 'Ademnood' and re-write international hits like 'Happy' and 'Waterloo' in a funny or original way.
1858	Minority Report	Minority Report	Drama	6.5	The future is coming.Based on the international blockbuster film by executive producer Steven Spielberg and the first of his films to be adapted for television, MINORITY REPORT follows the unlikely partnership between a man haunted by the future and a cop haunted by her past, as they race to stop the worst crimes of the year 2065 before they happen.Set in Washington, D.C., it is 10 years after the demise of Precrime, a law enforcement agency tasked with identifying and eliminating criminals…before their crimes were committed. To carry out this brand of justice, the agency used three precogs – "precognitives" Dash, Arthur and Agatha – who were able to see the future. Now, in 2065, crime-solving is different, and justice leans more on sophisticated and trusted technology than on the instincts of the precogs.
1858	Minority Report	Pilot	Drama	6.5	Ten years ago Precrime ended in Washington D.C., one of the three Pre-Cogs is still haunted by his visions of crimes about to happen and is struggling to lead a normal life.
1858	Minority Report	Mr. Nice Guy	Drama	6.5	Dash and Vega team up again to find a killer who is currently down on love. Meanwhile, Dash continues to reach out to his siblings for help.
1858	Minority Report	Hawk-Eye	Drama	6.5	With the initiation of Hawk-Eye, a new police program monitoring suspicious behavior, Vega seeks help from Akeela to get Dash in as the new program analyst. Meanwhile, Vega and Dash begin to suspect that Arthur may have a bigger plan up his sleeve.
1858	Minority Report	Fredi	Drama	6.5	Dash goes undercover to catch a woman suspected of having a vendetta against her sister's killers. Meanwhile, Agatha begins to set her own plans in motion.
1859	Lucifer	Lucifer	Drama	8.0	The Devil has come to Los Angeles…Based upon the characters created by Neil Gaiman, Sam Kieth and Mike Dringenberg for DC Entertainment's Vertigo imprint, LUCIFER is the story of the original fallen angel. Bored and unhappy as the Lord of Hell, LUCIFER MORNINGSTAR has abandoned his throne and retired to L.A., where he owns Lux, an upscale nightclub.Charming, charismatic and devilishly handsome, Lucifer is enjoying his retirement, indulging in a few of his favorite things – wine, women and song – when a beautiful pop star is brutally murdered outside of Lux. For the first time in roughly 10 billion years, he feels something awaken deep within him as a result of this murder. Compassion? Sympathy? The very thought disturbs him – as well as his best friend and confidante, MAZIKEEN aka MAZE, a fierce demon in the form of a beautiful young woman.
1859	Lucifer	Pilot	Drama	8.0	Lucifer has come down to earth, after a friend of his has been murdered he is working together with the law to find the perpetrators.
1861	Containment	Containment	Drama	8.0	When a mysterious and deadly epidemic breaks out in Atlanta, a vast urban quarantine is quickly enforced, forcing those stuck on the inside to fight for their lives while local and federal officials desperately search for a cure. Trying to keep the peace on the streets is police officer Lex Carnahan, who has quickly risen through the ranks of the Atlanta PD. But Lex's job becomes even harder when he learns that his longtime girlfriend, Jana, and his best friend and fellow officer Jake, are trapped within the cordoned area. Also quarantined in viral ground zero is 17 year-old Teresa, who is eight months pregnant and now separated from her boyfriend on the other side; Katie Frank, an elementary school teacher now placed on lockdown with her entire class, including her young son; and CDC researcher Dr. Victor Cannerts, the doctor who initially made the controversial call to quarantine the area and is now racing to find a cure for the virus. On the outside, Dr. Sabine Lommers is leading the government efforts to contain the outbreak, and has asked for Lex's help in enforcing the cordon - which grows increasingly difficult as the public trust deteriorates. And the public has reason to be wary, as journalist Leo begins unraveling a conspiracy, finding that something doesn't add up in the official story being told. Torn apart from their loved ones, the survivors trapped within the cordon are fighting against not only fatal infection, but also isolation, fear, and the disintegration of society around them. But as they begin to gain each other's trust, hope remains, and on either side of the cordon unlikely heroes will rise.
1862	Scream Queens	Scream Queens	Comedy	7.5	The girls of Kappa House are dying for new pledges. "SCREAM QUEENS" is a new killer comedy-horror series from Ryan Murphy, Brad Falchuk and Ian Brennan, the Emmy- and Golden Globe Award-winning executive producers of GLEE and "American Horror Story." Wallace University is rocked by a string of murders. Kappa House, the most sought-after sorority for pledges, is ruled with an iron fist (in a pink glove) by its Queen Bitch, CHANEL OBERLIN (Emma Roberts, "American Horror Story: Freak Show," "Scream 4"). But when anti-Kappa DEAN MUNSCH (Jamie Lee Curtis, "Halloween," "A Fish Called Wanda," "True Lies") decrees that sorority pledging must be open to all students, and not just the school's silver-spooned elite, all hell is about to break loose, as a devil-clad killer begins wreaking havoc, claiming one victim, one episode at a time. Part black comedy, part slasher flick, SCREAM QUEENS is a modern take on the classic whodunit, in which every character has a motive for murder... or could easily be the next blood-soaked casualty.
1862	Scream Queens	Pilot	Comedy	7.5	The girls of Kappa House are dying for new pledges. Kappa House, the most sought-after sorority for pledges, is ruled with an iron fist (in a pink glove) by Chanel Oberlin (Emma Roberts, "American Horror Story: Freak Show," "Scream 4"). But when anti-Kappa DEAN CATHY MUNSCH (Jamie Lee Curtis, "Halloween," "A Fish Called Wanda," "True Lies") decrees that sorority pledging must be open to all students, and not just the school's silver-spooned elite, all hell is about to break loose, as a devil-clad killer begins wreaking havoc across the campus.
1862	Scream Queens	Chainsaw	Comedy	7.5	Chanel finds a new project in Hester, Chanel #3 confesses a secret and Grace and Zayday uncover a surprising connection between two fellow students. Meanwhile, Denise sets her sights on one of the Kappas, and Dean Munsch appoints a new Wallace University mascot as Chad and Earl Grey lead the fraternity on a witch hunt for the Red Devil.
1862	Scream Queens	Haunted House	Comedy	7.5	As Halloween approaches, Chanel creates a devious plan after Zayday makes a shocking announcement. Meanwhile Grace and Pete pay a visit to a mysterious woman with ties to Kappa's past. Also, Hester grows closer to Chad, Denise continues her search for the red devil killer and Dean Munsch does everything in her power to keep Wallace University open.
1862	Scream Queens	Pumpkin Patch	Comedy	7.5	With Halloween just days away, Dean Munsch makes an announcement affecting the campus and, specifically, Chanel's plan to throw a pumpkin patch party in support of her Kappa Kappa Tau presidential campaign. Meanwhile, Grace and Pete lead a search party for a missing friend, which steers them closer to the Red Devil than ever before, and Chanel #3 and #5 learn what life would be like without Chanel.
1863	Wicked City	Wicked City	Drama	none	Each season "Wicked City" will follow a different case set in a different noteworthy era of LA history, starting with a murder case from 1982 centered on the rock and roll, cocaine-infused revelry of the Sunset Strip. Alliances are formed between detectives, reporters, drug dealers and club-goers to solve a serial murder case.
1864	Superstore	Superstore	Comedy	none	America Ferrara ("Ugly Betty") and Ben Feldman ("Mad Men," "A to Z") star in a hilarious workplace comedy (from the producer of "The Office") about a unique family of employees at a super-sized megastore. From the bright-eyed newbies and the seen-it-all veterans to the clueless summer hires and in-it-for-life managers, together they hilariously tackle the day-to-day grind of rabid bargain hunters, riot-causing sales and nap-worthy training sessions.
1865	Dr. Ken	Dr. Ken	Comedy	none	Doctor turned actor/comedian Ken Jeong (Community, The Hangover), plays Dr. Ken, a brilliant physician with no bedside manner. He is always trying to be a good doctor, as well as a good husband and dad to his two kids. However, these good intentions have a way of driving everyone crazy at both work and at home. Luckily, his therapist wife Allison is just the right partner to keep things sane.
1865	Dr. Ken	Pilot	Comedy	none	Ken is a cranky but lovable HMO doctor juggling medicine and parenting who realizes that even when he's right, his unorthodox approach is often wrong. Allison, his wife and a therapist, helps keep him in check while juggling responsibilities with their two kids -- Dave, their youngest, is always making things interesting with his quirky attitude, plus their teenage daughter, Molly, keeping them on their toes. Meanwhile at the clinic, Dr. Ken's staff includes his loyal, but oh-so-irritating staff, including a sharp tongued receptionist; a faithful nurse who is a confidante and partner-in-crime; a sweet, naive resident who's relentless optimism and quest for romance are a constant source of curiosity and irritation; and his nemesis, the hospital administrator, who never misses a chance to put the screws to Dr. Ken and his staff.
1865	Dr. Ken	The Seminar	Comedy	none	When the office celebrates a promotion for Clark, Ken is oblivious since he lives in his own world.. it's the last straw for Clark dealing with Ken's selfish ways. Clark writes a fake complaint comment card about Ken, so he's forced to attend a training seminar for better bedside manners, which leaves Allison at home to have dinner with Ken's parents.
1866	The Muppets	The Muppets	Comedy	7.0	"The Muppets" return to prime time with a contemporary, documentary-style show that, for the first time ever, will explore the Muppets' personal lives and relationships, both at home and at work, as well as romances, break-ups, achievements, disappointments, wants and desires; a more adult Muppet show, for kids of all ages.
1866	The Muppets	Pig Girls Don't Cry (Pilot)	Comedy	7.0	Miss Piggy is angry when Kermit books Elizabeth Banks as a guest on "Up Late With Miss Piggy"; Fozzie Bear gets acquainted with his girlfriend's parents; Imagine Dragons perform.
1866	The Muppets	Hostile Makeover	Comedy	7.0	In an attempt to make Miss Piggy happy, Kermit sets her up with Josh Groban who fills her head with ideas on how to make Up Late with Miss Piggy better. Meanwhile, Fozzie is invited to a party at Jay Leno's house and everyone is annoyed that Bobo is selling cookies for his daughter's troop.
1867	The Frankenstein Code	The Frankenstein Code	Drama	none	What would you do with a second chance? From executive producer/writer Rand Ravich ("Life," "Crisis") and executive producer Howard Gordon ("Homeland," "24") comes THE FRANKENSTEIN CODE, a modern reimagining of the Mary Shelley classic, about a man brought back to life by two scientists playing god. Seventy-five-year-old JIMMY PRITCHARD (guest star Philip Baker Hall, "Modern Family," "Magnolia") is a shell of his former self. A drinker, a womanizer and a father who always put work before family, Pritchard was forced to resign as L.A. County Sheriff for corrupt conduct more than a decade ago. Now, some 15 unkind years later, he is killed when he stumbles upon a robbery at the home of FBI Agent DUVAL PRITCHARD (Tim DeKay, "White Collar"), one of his three children. But death is surprisingly short for Jimmy, who is brought back to life by billionaire tech-genius twins MARY GOODWIN (Dilshad Vadsaria, "Revenge") and her brother, OTTO (Adhir Kalyan, "Rules of Engagement"), founders of the social networking empire, Lookinglass. Resurrected as a younger version of himself, with physical abilities of which he never dreamed, a re-animated Pritchard (Rob Kazinsky, "True Blood") is given a second chance at life. What will he do with it? Will he seek vengeance against those who killed him? Will he try to repair the damage he did to his family? Will he embrace a new sense of purpose or fall prey to old temptations?
1868	Rosewood	Rosewood	Drama	7.7	Meet the Beethoven of private pathologists... From executive producer Todd Harthan, ROSEWOOD is the story of DR. BEAUMONT ROSEWOOD, JR., the most brilliant private pathologist in Miami. Using his wildly sophisticated autopsy lab, he performs for-hire autopsies to uncover clues that the Miami PD can't see. His new partner-in-crime is Detective VILLA a Miami PD detective with attitude and demons to spare. While she's impressed by Rosewood's incredible abilities, his constant optimism is more annoying than it is infectious. But somehow, week-to-week, this unlikely tag team will solve many crimes together. Joining Rosewood in his practice are his sister and "toxicology queen," PIPPY; and DNA specialist TARA MILLY IZIKOFF aka TMI, who is Pippy's fiancée. Plagued with his own set of medical ailments, Rosewood sees that every moment of life should be embraced and lived to the fullest. And those moments of victims' lives that will never be are what drive him the most.
1868	Rosewood	Pilot	Drama	7.7	Set against the vibrant backdrop of one of the world's hottest cities - Miami - private pathologist DR. BEAUMONT ROSEWOOD, JR. (Morris Chestnut, "Nurse Jackie," "The Best Man" franchise) must crack a case that hits close to home. As he begins his investigation, Detective ANNALISE VILLA (Jaina Lee Ortiz, "The After") gives him a run for his money as they cross paths and are forced to work together to help the Miami PD solve the case.
1868	Rosewood	Fireflies and Fidelity	Drama	7.7	When an unexpected piece of evidence surfaces in the 305, Rosewood and Villa attempt to solve a serious crime involving a very well-off Miami man. Meanwhile, Rosewood struggles to balance a new romantic interest with the demands of his mother, and Villa runs into trouble on the job.
1868	Rosewood	Have-Nots and Hematomas	Drama	7.7	A series of mysterious deaths pulls Rosewood off the glamorous promenades of South Beach when a troubled young genius stands accused of murder, and the only one who believes in his innocence is Rosewood. He must contend with a colorful new adversary, escalating health problems and a burgeoning romantic relationship, while Villa's inability to connect with people hampers her own ability to investigate the case.
1868	Rosewood	Vandals And Vitamins	Drama	7.7	When Rosewood and Villa suspect a brilliant doctor has killed two of his patients, they must find a way to make their case with limited evidence. Meanwhile, Villa spars with Captain Hornstock when he discourages her from pursuing an uncertain case. Also, Rosewood receives an anonymous letter revealing something that could change his life forever.
1869	Alone	Alone	Adventure	10.0	The ten-episode series is the country's boldest and longest survival experiment ever captured for television. It places ten hardcore survivalists alone in the Vancouver Island wilderness - no camera crew, no teams, no producers - on a single mission to stay alive. At stake is $500,000 awarded to the person who can last the longest. They will face extreme isolation and psychological distress as they plunge into the unknown, self-documenting their experience.
1869	Alone	And So It Begins	Adventure	10.0	Premiere of a reality series in which 10 adventurers attempt to survive the wilderness of Vancouver Island with whatever they've been able to place into a backpack. Day one has them dealing with a lack of water and the island's large predators.
1869	Alone	Of Wolf And Man	Adventure	10.0	While predators continue to cause problems for a number of the men, water soon becomes a crucial hurdle for others. From fast rising tides to relentless rains, each of the men must adapt to his new environment or tap out and go home. It's the fear of dehydration that plagues one man as another finds his survival threatened along the shoreline by a rogue wave. But it will be a quest for a clean water source that sends one man on a perilous journey in a rickety boat made of sticks.
1869	Alone	The Talons Of Fear	Adventure	10.0	After only a short time in the wild, the men find that extreme isolation is beginning to take its toll. A survivalist undertakes a massive cabin project, one man loses his most important tool and another is charged by a large predator leaving him to fend for his life.
1869	Alone	Stalked	Adventure	10.0	As the days pass, the remaining survivalists show signs of cracking. One man battles isolation as another breaks down after missing his daughters 4th birthday. But it's the real dangers of the environment that could spell the end for one participant when he finds himself stalked by a cougar.
1869	Alone	Winds Of Hell	Adventure	10.0	A storm with gale-force winds pummels the men and rips through their camps, while one survivalist attempts to find a way to set off on the turbulent seas.
1869	Alone	Rain Of Terror	Adventure	10.0	The remaining participants are finally adapting to the cruel environment, but the hunt for food leads them into harms way; one man is forced to drop his new boat miles from camp.
1869	Alone	The Hunger	Adventure	10.0	In the brutally freezing temperatures the hunt for food becomes the paramount focus of the remaining survivalists. While some find gratifying success; others face complete failure and obstacles that beat them down emotionally and push one man to the brink.
1869	Alone	The Freeze	Adventure	10.0	Temperatures plummet on the island and the remaining contestants are forced to face the onset of winter head on. One man risks it all with a risky move while everyone struggles with the ongoing effects of isolation and freezing temperatures.
1869	Alone	Brokedown Palace	Adventure	10.0	Extreme isolation takes its toll on the remaining participants in the wild. Each man's battle turns to the mind as well as the elements.
1869	Alone	Triumph	Adventure	10.0	Two men remain on Vancouver Island as the storm of the year blows in. The unrelenting elements, isolation and starvation confront both remaining participants, forcing one to go home.
1871	Mr. Robot	Mr. Robot	Drama	8.9	"MR. ROBOT" follows Elliot, a young programmer who works as a cyber-security engineer by day and as a vigilante hacker by night. Elliot finds himself at a crossroads when the mysterious leader of an underground hacker group recruits him to destroy the firm he is paid to protect. Compelled by his personal beliefs, Elliot struggles to resist the chance to take down the multinational CEOs he believes are running (and ruining) the world.
1871	Mr. Robot	eps1.0_hellofriend.mov	Drama	8.9	In MR. ROBOT, Elliot, a cyber-security engineer by day and vigilante hacker by night, is recruited by a mysterious underground group to destroy the firm he's paid to protect. Elliot must decide how far he'll go to expose the forces he believes are running (and ruining) the world.
1871	Mr. Robot	eps1.1_ones-and-zer0es.mpeg	Drama	8.9	Tyrell Wellick, now Evil Corp's acting CTO since Elliot helped get Terry Colby arrested, makes Elliot an offer he can (and does) refuse: a position as Evil Corp's head of Cyber Security and a big bank account to match. By saying no, has Elliot made himself a mark for Wellick?
1871	Mr. Robot	eps1.2_d3bug.mkv	Drama	8.9	After being shoved off the railing in Coney Island by Mr. Robot, Elliot wakes up in a hospital room, badly banged up. Krista, his psychiatrist, is inclined to send him to rehab unless he's willing to be regularly drug tested. Elliot complies, knowing that he can easily change the hospital records for the tests since he hacked their system long ago.
1871	Mr. Robot	eps1.3_da3m0ns.mp4	Drama	8.9	At fsociety, Elliot lays out his plan to hack Steel Mountain's climate control system and raise the heat high enough to melt all the tapes that record the data. Romero points out the plan's many flaws but when Elliot remembers that they only have a few days left before Evil Corp switches over to their new redundant security protocols based on what Tyrell Wellick told him, they reluctantly agree it's now or never.
1871	Mr. Robot	eps1.4_3xpl0its.wmv	Drama	8.9	Fsociety attempts to penetrate Steel Mountain, the most secure data facility in America.
1871	Mr. Robot	eps1.5_br4ve-trave1er.asf	Drama	8.9	Elliot attempts to hack Vera out of jail in order to save someone he cares about; Tyrell's "game" gets crazy; and Angela digs deeper into her mother's death.
1871	Mr. Robot	eps1.6_v1ew-s0urce.flv	Drama	8.9	Elliott goes missing; Mr. Robot tries to pull fsociety back together; Angela goes head-to-head with an old nemesis.
1871	Mr. Robot	eps1.7_wh1ter0se.m4v	Drama	8.9	Allsafe is controlled; the Dark Army is ready to meet Elliot; and Tyrell and Joanna's plan goes into effect.
1871	Mr. Robot	eps1.8_m1rr0r1ng.qt	Drama	8.9	The Evil Corp hack is threatened by a mystery man from Elliot's past.
1871	Mr. Robot	eps1.9_zer0-day.avi	Drama	8.9	In the Season 1 finale, Mr. Robot and Tyrell are MIA; and a past hack haunts Elliot.
1872	Cold Justice: Sex Crimes	Cold Justice: Sex Crimes	Crime	5.0	This new series is an extremely timely project, especially in light of the sobering statistics for sex-related crimes in America revealing that there are approximately 240,000 survivors of sexual assault in America, including men, women and children. In fact, every two minutes, someone is sexually assaulted in the United States. To combat these numbers and bring justice to the survivors of sexual assault, former Harris County, Texas, prosecutors Casey Garrett and Alicia O'Neill are traveling to small towns around the country to help local law enforcement close cases that have sat dormant for years.
1872	Cold Justice: Sex Crimes	The Music Teacher (Leon County, TX)	Crime	5.0	Former prosecutors Casey Garrett and Alicia O'Neill travel to Leon County, Texas, to find the person who brutally attacked a retired music teacher.
1872	Cold Justice: Sex Crimes	A Very Public Place (Lake Charles, LA)	Crime	5.0	Assisting local police in Lake Charles, La. to solve two cases where women were sexually assaulted in public places.
1872	Cold Justice: Sex Crimes	And Justice for Flint: Part 1 (Flint, MI)	Crime	5.0	Cold Justice: Sex Crimes is an all-new series focusing on sexual assault cases. Like its predecessor Cold Justice, the new series follows a pair of top-notch investigators as they assist local law enforcement agencies in bringing justice for the victims of violent crime and their families. In this episode, former Harris County prosecutors Casey Garrett and Alicia O'Neill head to Flint, Mich., to help work on cases that have yet to be processed for DNA evidence. They will work closely with Flint PD officers to track down a violent rapist who terrorized a family and another who lured his victim into his home.
1872	Cold Justice: Sex Crimes	And Justice for Flint: Part 2 (Flint, MI)	Crime	5.0	Cold Justice: Sex Crimes is an all-new series focusing on sexual assault cases. Like its predecessor Cold Justice, the new series follows a pair of top-notch investigators as they assist local law enforcement agencies in bringing justice for the victims of violent crime and their families. In this episode, former Harris County prosecutors Casey Garrett and Alicia O'Neill are back in Flint, Mich., continuing to work the city's cold cases - including a young girl whose online meeting turned into a real world nightmare after a chilling assault.
1872	Cold Justice: Sex Crimes	On Sacred Ground (Rogers, AR)	Crime	5.0	Cold Justice: Sex Crimes is an all-new series focusing on sexual assault cases. Like its predecessor Cold Justice, the new series follows a pair of top-notch investigators as they assist local law enforcement agencies in bringing justice for the victims of violent crime and their families. A 17-year old unsolved investigation into the rape of a teacher on an elementary school campus had previously hit a dead end. In this episode, Casey and Alicia head to Rogers, Ark. to re-open the case files and uncover new leads that can hopefully put the man responsible behind bars.
1872	Cold Justice: Sex Crimes	The Darkest Night (Lake Charles, LA)	Crime	5.0	Cold Justice: Sex Crimes is an all-new series focusing on sexual assault cases. Like its predecessor Cold Justice, the new series follows a pair of top-notch investigators as they assist local law enforcement agencies in bringing justice for the victims of violent crime and their families.
1872	Cold Justice: Sex Crimes	A Serial Case (Clearfield, UT)	Crime	5.0	Cold Justice: Sex Crimes is an all-new series focusing on sexual assault cases. Like its predecessor Cold Justice, the new series follows a pair of top-notch investigators as they assist local law enforcement agencies in bringing justice for the victims of violent crime and their families. In this episode, Casey and Alicia travel to Clearfield, Utah, to investigate a serial rapist. Bringing together an unprecedented multi-jurisdictional task force, they develop a terrifying profile of a merciless criminal and uncover new evidence.
1872	Cold Justice: Sex Crimes	The Back Room (Salt Lake City, UT)	Crime	5.0	Cold Justice: Sex Crimes is an all-new series focusing on sexual assault cases. Like its predecessor Cold Justice, the new series follows a pair of top-notch investigators as they assist local law enforcement agencies in bringing justice for the victims of violent crime and their families. In this episode, Casey and Alicia head to Salt Lake City, Utah, to take on their first acquaintance rape case. A young woman accused two acquaintances of sexually assaulting her in the back room of a Salt Lake City hookah lounge, but a family tragedy stopped her from pressing charges. Three years later, she bravely comes forward to seek justice.
1872	Cold Justice: Sex Crimes	A Case Not Forgotten (Ogden, UT)	Crime	5.0	In this episode, a split decision to hitch a ride on a cold snowy day 20 years ago has haunted a young woman's life. Casey and Alicia head to Ogden, Utah, to help the brave survivor come forward and try to track down the man responsible.
1875	Public Morals	Public Morals	Drama	8.0	This summer, TNT is going to take viewers to the seedy, gritty streets and the bright, seductive lights of 1960s New York with "Public Morals", a powerful, buzz-generating police drama from writer, director, executive producer and star Edward Burns (Saving Private Ryan, The Brothers McMullen, TNT's Mob City). Public Morals also stars Michael Rapaport (Justified, Prison Break) and Elizabeth Masucci (The Americans, Inside Amy Schumer). The series centers on Terry Muldoon (Burns), an officer of the Public Morals Division, which investigates vice crimes in the city. Many of Muldoon's fellow cops in the division walk a thin line between morality and crime as vice-related temptations threaten to snare even the best of officers, including Muldoon's partner, Charlie Bullman (Rapoport). As Muldoon watches the Hells Kitchen streets where he grew up devoured by an escalating war within two factions of the Irish-American Mob, he becomes more determined than ever to fight back against the city's dark underbelly so he can provide a safe place where he and his wife, Christine (Masucci), can raise their family.
1875	Public Morals	A Fine Line	Drama	8.0	In early 1960s, New York City, Officer Terry Muldoon runs the Public Morals Division, a plainclothes unit of the NYPD whose job it is to police vice crimes such as gambling and prostitution. Muldoon juggles various situations, including warning his gangster uncle Mr. O not to challenge the head of the west side Irish Mob and schooling the new recruit Shea how the division actually works. Muldoon also struggles to raise his family in the increasingly violent Hell's Kitchen neighborhood, disciplining his 13 year-old son when he acts up at school. Muldoon's partner Bullman develops a soft spot for a beautiful high-end call girl after Bullman and Muldoon arrest her for solicitation.
1875	Public Morals	Family is Family	Drama	8.0	Muldoon is tasked by his Aunt Kay to find the person behind his uncle, Mr. O's murder. When Joe Patton, the head of the west side Irish Mob, discovers who killed Mr. O, he demands answers. Patton's son, Rusty, next in line to take over the Irish Mob, attempts to clean up the mess. Mr. O's son, Sean O'Bannon, also a Public Morals officer, starts a romance with best friend's Duffy's sister, Deirdre. The new cop in Public Morals, Shea, also gets a taste of the fun side of working in Plainclothes when Bullman takes him to a private, illegal casino.
1875	Public Morals	O'Bannon's Wake	Drama	8.0	Mr. O's wake brings together Muldoon and the west side Irish Mob, where Muldoon and Patton agree to meet and discuss the case. Patton and his son Rusty disagree on who should take over Mr. O's bookmaking operation. Mr. O's enforcer Kane is ready to declare war on Patton's crew, who he thinks is responsible for Mr. O's murder. Muldoon gets a tip about a high stakes, illegal card game run by the Italian Mob that the unit decides to bust up.
1875	Public Morals	Ladies Night	Drama	8.0	Muldoon and Latucci take their wives on a double date using the perks of the job to have a night on the town. Shea is partnered for the night with O'Bannon, who has some fun at Shea's expense when arresting a couple of hookers. Kane takes the first step in avenging Mr. O's death, in a move that will trigger a war on the west side.
1875	Public Morals	A Token of Our Appreciation	Drama	8.0	Rusty takes revenge after discovering his two soldiers, Rogers and O'Reilly, have been murdered. Muldoon needs to step in when Latucci's friendship with a well-known Italian Mobster is questioned. Bullman's relationship with high-end call girl Fortune is further complicated when she asks Bullman for more help. Smitty quickly discovers that being a boss brings unexpected danger.
1875	Public Morals	A Good Shooting	Drama	8.0	While looking for Smitty's killer, Muldoon and Bullman find themselves in the line of fire. Deirdre and Sean realize they are not on the same page, and Duffy and Barbara have a fun drunken night out. Sgt. Mike invites Patton out to visit him in order to gain some traction with the Mr. O murder investigation. O'Bannon is put to the test when Muldoon includes him in a dangerous pursuit.
1875	Public Morals	Collection day	Drama	8.0	Muldoon juggles tensions at home with Christine and the kids, warns Latucci about his relationship with the Moose, while also pursuing the Pattons. Lt. King helps out an old flame and assembles some fellow officers to take care of the situation. Kane and Hopkins have been hiding upstate and plot their revenge on Rusty upon return. Patton questions his brother's loyalty as tensions rise between Patton and Rusty. Rusty spills more blood in his hunt for Kane.
1875	Public Morals	No Crazies on the Street	Drama	8.0	Muldoon must make a final decision about whether Shea should be in Public Morals and puts him to the test to see if he is worthy. Rusty and Kay finally spend some much anticipated alone time together. Bullman plays "boyfriend" with Fortune when her mother comes to town. Kane finally returns to Hell's Kitchen, and it is soon a race between Rusty and Kane to get to each other first - with bloody results.
1878	Thunderbirds are Go!	Thunderbirds are Go!	Action	10.0	Remake of the hit 1960's television show. In the 21st century, Jeff Tracy, a former astronaut, amasses a colossal fortune and decides that he must use it to benefit others. His answer to this desire is to create International Rescue, a unique private emergency response service equipped with customized designed vehicles and equipment that enable the organization to react to any crisis whether it be in sea, air, land, or space. Jeff's five sons volunteer to operate as the pilots and field agents, as well "Brain" who acts as the teams engineer. In addition, Jeff's friend, Kyrano and his daughter Tanusha aka Kayo (based on the original series Tin-Tin character) agree to be the support staff. In addition to the field team, IR also maintains an intelligence network with Lady Penelope and her ex-con chauffeur, Parker as the chief agents in this arm. The series depicts this team as they answer various calls for help around and beyond the world while they prevent enemies like the Hood from learning and exploiting their secrets.
1878	Thunderbirds are Go!	Ring of Fire: Part 1	Action	10.0	A powerful seaquake turns a busy day for International Rescue into a perilous one. Lady Penelope helps Thunderbirds find who put seismic destabilisers on the sea bed.
1878	Thunderbirds are Go!	Ring of Fire: Part 2	Action	10.0	As the team continue their quest to save the researched, Lady Penelope is on the trail of their adversary.
1878	Thunderbirds are Go!	Space Race	Action	10.0	Alan is on space junk duty, when one of the pieces of debris turns out to be a heat-seeking SAT-MINE that activates and locks onto TB3's heat signature. Back on Earth, Lady Penelope and Parker implement a plan to sneak into a top-secret storage facility.
1878	Thunderbirds are Go!	Crosscut	Action	10.0	Thunderbird 5 picks up an unusual radiation spike from a remote corner of Africa, and Scott rushes in with Thunderbird 1 to check it out. Using special equipment, Scott enters the mine and discovers the source to be a leak of unstable uranium. Moments later he is attacked by a mysterious woman who claims that the mine belongs to her family. During their confrontation, the mine begins to crumble - and Scott and she must find a way out.
1878	Thunderbirds are Go!	Fireflash	Action	10.0	Kayo is riding aboard Fireflash, a supersonic airliner invented by Brains, but she is unaware that its controls have been tampered with. International Rescue notices the plane has vanished from their monitors and attempt to locate it. Kayo realises that the plane is flying in the wrong direction, and manages to avoid a powerful gas attack that has knocked out both passengers and crew.
1878	Thunderbirds are Go!	Unplugged	Action	10.0	An anti-technology group calling themselves The Luddites power up an electromagnetic pulse device underneath London, crippling everything that uses electricity. The result is a near catastrophe as the entire city shuts down. Virgil and Grandma Tracy must find and disable the device - with the help of Lady Penelope and Parker.
1878	Thunderbirds are Go!	Runaway	Action	10.0	A strange malfunction occurs on a high-speed train in Japan, leaving it out of control and unable to stop. Brains comes up with a plan to fix the problem before a disastrous crash occurs - the only problem is that he will have to board the speeding engine himself to pull it off. Scott manages to get the genius on board, where they find the problem is more complicated than they thought.
1878	Thunderbirds are Go!	EOS	Action	10.0	A series of cascading equipment failures leads John to realise that rogue A.I. has gained control of Thunderbird 5. The programme is sending false monitor images to Tracy Island to deceive the other brothers. John finally gets through to Lady Penelope and informs her of the situation. Once the other brothers figure out what is going on, Alan is despatched in Thunderbird 3 to rescue John.
1878	Thunderbirds are Go!	Slingshot	Action	10.0	A malfunction at a mining operation sends an asteroid careening towards the sun, endangering crewman Ned Tedford. Alan and Kayo deploy Thunderbird 3 for the rescue mission, but a rogue solar flare knocks out their sensors. They land near the mine, and must find a way to alter the asteroid's trajectory so that it slingshots around the sun instead of crashing into it.
1879	Femme Fatales	Femme Fatales	Crime	7.0	Inspired by and styled in the tradition of pulp stories, film noir and graphic novels, this provocative hit series tells the stories of dangerous women who find extraordinary ways of coping with their problems, channeling their survival instincts and bringing out their inner guile.
1880	No Offence	No Offence	Drama	9.0	No Offence follows a group of policemen on the front line wondering what they did to end up where they are on the ugly side of Manchester Keeping these streets clean is a Herculean task, enough to demoralize even the keenest rookie. But there's a reason these cops are in this force. As the never ending rabble off the local estates pours in, Inspector Vivienne Deering, the station's sharp, funny (peculiar) and hard-as-they-come boss, and her team led by DC Dinah Kowalski (smart but impetuous, stuck in the middle, SINGLE MOTHER in her 30s) and DC Joy Freers (buttoned up so tight she might pop. But nobody's mug), show they have what it takes to crack crime and to expose the addled, the skanky, the pimps, the petty and the really proper nasty bastards for the sewer rats they are. Channel 4 describes the show as: "Raucous, riotous and razor sharp", adding "No Offence is a new and completely original take on the world of the police procedural and is set to shock, move and invite audiences to laugh themselves silly by turns."
1880	No Offence	Episode 1	Drama	9.0	DI Deering and her team must crack the case of a twisted serial killer - by whatever unconventional means possible.
1880	No Offence	Episode 2	Drama	9.0	After Deering and her team lose the serial killer case to Maclaren, the cops see a chance to redeem themselves by investigating a dangerous new street drug.
1880	No Offence	Episode 3	Drama	9.0	The serial killer is showing no signs of slowing down.
1880	No Offence	Episode 4	Drama	9.0	The search for another girl abducted by the serial killer leads to a big breakthrough.
1880	No Offence	Episode 5	Drama	9.0	As Paul Abbott's procedural saga continues, there's no shortage of fresh problems for DI Vivienne Deering and her team. The police are readying a trap for the prime suspect in the serial killer case, but their best-laid plans soon come unstuck. The long-suffering law enforcers risk their operation being derailed entirely when a notorious child murderer's new identity is leaked online, so the team have to come up with a new approach - and fast.
1880	No Offence	Episode 6	Drama	9.0	Deering leads a manhunt through Manchester as the net closes in on the serial killer. Meanwhile, Joy and Spike discover an unsettling slavery case after a brutal attack on a young homeless man.
1880	No Offence	Episode 7	Drama	9.0	The fatal shooting of a respected surgeon leads the team to an unlikely suspect. Meanwhile, Dinah and Deering make disturbing new discoveries in the serial killer case, fearing it might not be over.
1880	No Offence	Episode 8	Drama	9.0	In the final episode, Dinah clashes with Deering, setting off an irreversible chain of events, and an attempt to save the lives of a mother and baby goes disastrously wrong
1884	Wild Palms	Wild Palms	Science-Fiction	7.0	A dark, sexy, noir Los Angeles of the future is the backdrop for Oliver Stone's haunting, sci-fi saga of greed, treason and virtual reality. Harry Wyckoff is about to become a player in a dark and terrifying battle where everything is at stake and no one is who they seem. Featuring an all-star cast, this story about a cult, a corporation, and a conspiracy to rule the country, is one of the most original movie events in recent history.
1885	V.I.P.	V.I.P.	Comedy	7.5	A campy syndicated series about Vallery Irons, a girl working at a hot-dog stand who accidentally saves a celebrity and is mistaken for a bodyguard. She and a team of beautiful bodyguards form a bodyguard agency called V.I.P. which stands for Vallery Irons Protection. When Vallery Irons first comes to California, she has no idea that her big break will come from a date with a famous action star. While attending a Hollywood premiere, a crazed fan pulls a gun - but her movie hunk turns into a coward, and it's Vallery who becomes the hero. Suddenly, she's thrown into a world of action and danger as owner of a Hollywood protection agency (V.I.P. or Vallery Irons Protection), taking the risks to protect others at a price few are willing to pay.
1886	Sweating Bullets	Sweating Bullets	Action	6.5	After an unconventional DEA cop gets fired, he begins a new job as a private investigator in Florida. Feeling at first like he was in paradise, it wasn't long before his eyes were opened to both the ugliness of the crimes and the beauty of the women.
1888	The Team	The Team	Crime	7.5	Criminals don't stop at borders, and neither should the police. "The Team" portrays a group of European police officers fighting international crime throughout Europe. The series is written by specialists Peter Thorsboe and Mai Brostrøm (The Eagle, The Protectors) – names that guarantee well-grounded and vividly inventive cases with complex, stimulating characters. "The Team" consists of forensics, legal and IT experts, along with profilers and psychologists; their cases take them to Europe's major cities. The series benefits from Europe's huge cultural diversity and is shot in original languages. It sheds light into the reality of today's organized crime, as well as into the fates behind the crimes. "The Team" sees to it that justice wins and the victims' dignity is restored.
1889	Taken	Taken	Science-Fiction	8.3	Executive-produced by Steven Spielberg, the ten-episode, 20-hour miniseries Taken was one of the most ambitious projects undertaken by cable TV's Sci-Fi Network, ultimately costing 40 million dollars — a price that proved well worth it, inasmuch as the series posted the network's highest-ever ratings. Covering a period from 1947 to the present, the story focused on three different families, each of whom was profoundly affected by extraterrestrial visitation. The Keys family was headed by WWII bomber pilot Russell Keys (Steve Burton), who spent virtually his entire adult life haunted by his "close encounter" with aliens. The Clarkes were originally represented by lonely Texas waitress Sally Clarke (Catherine Dent), who was impregnated by a charming stranger (Eric Close) who turned out to be an alien survivor of the Roswell crash. And the lives of the Crawfords were dictated by ruthless Army officer Owen Crawford (Joel Gretsch), who was determined to prove that the government had covered up the truth about Roswell by dedicating his life to tracking down all space aliens and their half-human descendants. The story was narrated by Allie Keys (Dakota Fanning), a "hybrid" child of the present day, whose story determined the outcome of the final episodes.
1890	Stripperella	Stripperella	Action	6.0	A stripper-turned-superhero who fends off evil villains such as Dr. Cesarean, a plastic surgeon who gives unsuspecting women explosive breast implants; Cheapo, a frugal villain who makes his henchmen share a gun and Pushy Galore, a former genetic physicist who breeds animals with designer logos on their skin. With the ability to land safely after jumping from tall buildings, courtesy of her enhanced hair, and her patented move called "Scissor-ella" in which she crushes the villains with her thighs, along with the lie detector implanted in her generously-sized chest, Stripperella proves to be one tough superhero unwilling to give up.
1892	Sledge Hammer	Sledge Hammer	Comedy	7.7	In the fall of 1986, an unsuspecting TV nation met a new kind of comedy hero who made Rambo look like Pee Wee Herman. David Rasche starred as the trigger-happy lawman whose hatred of criminal scum and yogurt eatin' creeps was matched only by his love of excessive force and a .44 Magnum. Over the next two seasons, this hilariously deranged lampoon of DIRTY HARRY and plenty of other targets became one of the most notorious series in television history and launched a rabid cult of fans that grows to this day.
1893	Silk Stalkings	Silk Stalkings	Action	8.0	In Palm Beach, Florida, crimes of passion are a frequent occurrence among the rich and beautiful. Enter Sgt. Rita Lance (Mitzi Kapture) and Sgt. Chris Lorenzo (Rob Estes), the attractive young homicide detective whose job it is to investigate these high-class murders--or 'Silk Stalkings', as they call them. Pulsing with illicit affairs, kinky encounters, cold-blooded murders, and their own dark secrets, these are the deadly days and steamy nights of TV s sexiest cop partners.
1895	Relic Hunter	Relic Hunter	Action	8.3	Tia Carrere stars as a university professor and black belt who globetrots after lost, stolen and rumored-of artifacts and antiquities.
1896	Renegade	Renegade	Action	4.0	On the run & on the road! An innocent man on a quest to clear his name! He was a cop, and good at his job. But he committed the ultimate sin, and testified against other cops gone bad. Cops that tried to kill him, but got the woman he loved instead. Framed for murder, now he prowls the badlands. An outlaw hunting outlaws, a bounty hunter, a Renegade.
1897	Point Pleasant	Point Pleasant	Horror	7.3	All hell is about to break loose in a sleepy New Jersey town when a sudden violent storm washes in more than the tide. The peaceful existence of a small seaside community will dramatically change forever when Christina Nickson is rescued from the ocean by local lifeguard Jesse Parker and brought to the home of local doctor Ben Kramer. The Kramers, including Ben's wife, Meg, and daughter, Judy, take an instant liking to Christina and invite her stay with them as she searches for clues to her past and attempts to find her mother, a Point Pleasant native whom Christina never knew. Unbeknownst to Christina, her presence in the town is having a profound effect on its inhabitants - awakening repressed feelings, unlocking secret desires and heightening emotions. As Christina seeks answers to her mother's disappearance, she will come to realize that she has never known her "real" father either - for Christina is the offspring of a mortal woman and the Devil. While Christina struggles to control the demon inside her (and the powers that come with it), the fight for her soul has begun and the town of POINT PLEASANT has turned into the ultimate battleground of good vs. evil.
1898	Gargoyles	Gargoyles	Action	8.5	For 1,000 years, a race of heroic creatures has been frozen in stone -- the victims of human betrayal. Now, with the magic spell broken, these amazing Gargoyles awaken from their slumber to find themselves transported from the moors of Scotland to the bustling metropolis of New York City.
1899	Gantz	Gantz	Adventure	8.0	Gantz is a sexually-charged sci-fi head-trip' a gory experiment in flesh and blood where the only thing worse than dying is dying again.If you are chosen by the bizarre black sphere known as the Gantz, you are already dead. You remember dying, yet you can eat, sleep, have sex; it feels a lot like life. Strangers join you in this limbo. While some are good, some are very bad. All are dead like you for now. You might be able to reclaim your mortality. But first, the Gantz demands that you undertake missions of brutality and madness, killing aliens hidden among the population. It is your only chance and you have no choice. You must play this disturbing game. You must experience this nightmare. And if you die again and you likely will it's permanent.
1900	The Crow: Stairway to Heaven	The Crow: Stairway to Heaven	Action	6.5	Exactly one year after being brutally murdered, rock musician Eric Draven returns to Earth, searching for a way to right what has been wronged and to reunite with his missing soulmate, Shelly Webster. Guided by a mystical Spirit Crow, he is neither living nor dead, possessing strange new powers to aid him in his search for revenge, which ultimately must become a quest for redemption.
1901	Honey West	Honey West	Drama	5.0	As televisions first title roll female Private Eye, Honey West would take on any tough case. After the death of her father, the sexy private detective took over his high-tech PI firm. Being assisted by the rugged Sam Bolt and her pet ocelot Bruce, she could handle herself mingling with millionaires just as well as scaling a thirty foot wall.
1902	Black Scorpion	Black Scorpion	Action	6.5	After her father is shot by a crooked district attorney, Angel City police Detective Darcy Walker takes to the streets to dispense vigilante justice in the guise of the Black Scorpion.
1903	Beastmaster	Beastmaster	Action	6.0	The sword and sorcery adventures of a wandering adventurer who has the ability to communicate with animals.
1904	Largo Winch	Largo Winch	Action	none	Largo Winch (Paolo Seganti) is a 28-year-old adventurer, drifting around the world, searching for himself. Along the way he's picked up with Simon Ovrannaz (Diego Wallraff), an ex-thief he met in a Turkish prison. The two are best friends...almost brothers.Then one day, Largo's life is changed forever when he learns that Nerio Winch (David Carradine), the step-father he barely knew, is dead. Nerio is an Aristotle Onassis-like billionaire who secretly adopted Largo as a child, but never took him in. Instead, he paid a family in Luxembourg to raise him, then sent him to a monastery as a teenager to be educated. Nerio paid the bills, and that was pretty much the extent of their relationship. These last few years, they barely saw each other.Now Nerio has committed suicide because he was dying of a brain tumor...and, incredibly, has left his vast fortune and control of Group W, his multi-national corporate empire, to Largo. Largo is overwhelmed by the responsibility of this sudden inheritance. The board of directors at Group W despise him, thinking him unworthy and incompetent.Then Largo receives an astonishing video recorded by his step-father just before his death. On it, Nerio reveals that he was once a member of a mysterious organization called The Adriatic Commission, a secret conspiracy of billionaires and politicians who work to control the economic and political destiny of the world for their own ends. For years they have tried to kill Nerio for leaving. In the video Nerio says that if he is dead, despite what the official cause of death may be, it is because they have finally succeeded. Nerio ends by charging Largo with using Group W to seek out and destroy The Commission and uncover the names of its secret members.Eventually Largo discovers another bit of amazing information. Nerio was not his step-father at all, but his biological parent. He kept Largo's existence a secret to protect him from The Commission, which would have surely used the son against the father.And so Largo faces a series of enormous challenges. He must learn to run one of the world's biggest corporations, all the while being opposed and undermined at every turn by his own Board of Directors. They are led by Michel Cardignac (Charles Powell), a charming, scheming, ruthless executive who will do whatever he can to see Largo ousted and himself at the head of Group W.Largo must also follow his father's wishes and try to expose and destroy The Adriatic Commission. And since The Commission is determined to gain control of Group W, they are always shadowing him, always waiting for an opportunity to pounce and destroy him.But Largo is an adventurer at heart, not a businessman. And so, at every opportunity, he bolts the boardroom and sets off in search of excitement. But he doesn't go alone. He's assisted by Joy Arden (Sydney Penny), a beautiful ex-CIA agent who used to work for Group W's security under Nerio, and Georgi Kerensky (Geordie Johnson), a former KGB agent who left Russia after the fall of the Soviet Union.His biggest ally inside Group W is John Sullivan (Serge Houde), head of the Group W legal department and a member of the Board of Directors. He was Nerio's best friend, and swore to do all he could to help Largo navigate the treacherous waters of Nerio's empire.
1905	Bleach	Bleach	Action	8.3	Ichigo Kurosaki is a teenager gifted with the ability to see spirits. His life is drastically changed by the sudden appearance of a Soul Reaper—one who governs the flow of souls between the human world and the afterlife—named Rukia Kuchiki, who arrives in search of a Hollow, a dangerous lost soul. When Rukia is severely wounded defending Ichigo from the Hollow, she attempts to transfer half of her reiatsu energy to Ichigo so that he can defeat the Hollow. However, Ichigo takes almost all of her energy, transforming into a Soul Reaper and allowing him to defeat the Hollow with ease. With her powers diminished, Rukia is left stranded in the human world until she can recover her strength. In the meantime, Ichigo must take over Rukia's role as a Soul Reaper, battling Hollows and guiding souls to the afterlife realm known as the Soul Society
1906	Rurouni Kenshin	Rurouni Kenshin	Drama	9.0	Welcome to the Meiji Era. Japan is a land experiencing times of troubled peace and renewal after a long and bloody civil war. Swords and killing are outlawed, but all is not as well as it would seem. Lurking in the shadows are many survivors of the revolution awaiting their chance for vengeance. Only the former government assassin, Kenshin Himura can keep the peace. Kenshin gives up the life of "Battousai The Man Slayer" and sets off as a lone wanderer. His travels lead to the Kamiya Dojo where he discovers the chance to start life over.
1908	Robocop: Prime Directives	Robocop: Prime Directives	Action	none	The OCP, teetering on the brink of bankruptcy, is taken over by a scheming executive; RoboCop and RoboCable work together to save Delta City.
1909	Aeon Flux	Aeon Flux	Action	7.3	Follow the deftly skilled Aeon on her adventures through a futuristic world brimming with chaos and corruption.
1910	Bron / Broen	Bron / Broen	Drama	9.0	When a body is found on the bridge between Denmark and Sweden, right on the border, Danish inspector Martin Rohde and Swedish Saga Norén have to share jurisdiction and work together to find the killer.
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 1	Drama	9.0	A woman is found murdered in the middle of Oresund Bridge, exactly on the border between Sweden and Denmark. Saga Noren from Malmo CID and Martin Rohde from the Copenhagen police department are called to the scene. What at first looks like one murder turns out to be two. The bodies have been brutally cut off at the waist and joined together - the torso of a high-profile Swedish politician and the lower body of a Danish prostitute. The Swedish and Danish police need to cooperate in a race against the clock, desperately searching for a murderer determined to go beyond all moral limits to get his message across.
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 2	Drama	9.0	The murderer makes his presence known and chooses sharp-witted tabloid journalist Daniel Ferbe to act as middle man to communicate with the outside world. The murder on the bridge was only the beginning, and the purpose of that heinous act was to draw attention to the unpleasant truths and problems in society that most turn a blind eye to, the first one being that 'we are not all equal before the law'. Saga and Martin now realise they are dealing with a ruthless killer.
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 3	Drama	9.0	In Copenhagen, several homeless people have been poisoned. The perpetrator wants to draw attention to the problem of the increased number of people falling through the cracks of society. A homeless man is kidnapped and the only thing that can stop the murderer from killing him is a large sum of money from four landlords. So what is the price of a human being after all?
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 4	Drama	9.0	The homeless man's survival becomes a race against time and depends completely on the four landlords' willingness to pay what the murderer demands. Saga and Martin have understood that they are dealing with someone who has really thought through his crimes, planning them down to the smallest detail. They wonder if they can catch the murderer off balance by doing something he doesn't expect.
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 5	Drama	9.0	The murderer has groomed a number of schizophrenic people over a long period of time, convincing them to commit carefully synchronised violent crimes in Malmo and Copenhagen on the same day. With the third truth, the murderer wants to highlight the cutbacks within mental health care, which has been reduced to 'a pat on the back and a jar of pills'. Saga and Martin manage to find a break in the case, a teenage girl who has run away from home. Could she be the witness that ultimately leads them to the murderer?
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 6	Drama	9.0	Copenhagen is up in arms following a court case in which a group of police officers who beat an immigrant to death are found innocent. One of the accused officers is kidnapped from his home and is found by thedead immigrant's brother, chained up in his basement. Will he forgive or take revenge on his brother's killer? Here, the murderer wants to draw attention to the fourth truth, namely the failure of the state's integration policy. For the first time Saga and the killer are in contact with each other.
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 7	Drama	9.0	The murderer's fifth and final truth is the public's indifference to child labour, with millions of children being exploited daily in order to produce goods as cheaply as possible. Since they are not our ownchildren we don't care, but when a school bus full of children disappears, suddenly we sit up and take notice. To save the children, the murderer demands that five large companies which benefit indirectly from child labour should be set on fire by the general public. Saga increasingly suspects that the perpetrator is one of their own - a police officer.
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 8	Drama	9.0	After many suspicions and one witness statement, Saga and Martin arrest and question a fellow officer. He turns out to have an alibi for all the crimes, but is he really innocent? The murderer is finished now,having succeeded in doing what he set out to do - to open people's eyes to the problems of society. Saga, however, believes that this is not the end of his plan and that there is more to come.
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 9	Drama	9.0	Gradually all the pieces to the complicated puzzle are put in place. The clues and evidence in the investigation have led the police to a man who could be the murderer. Now they wait tensely for his next move.
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 10	Drama	9.0	It now dawns on the police that the final step in the murderer's evil plan has a new direction. Saga does all she can to crack the case and catch the killer - will she succeed before it's too late?
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 1	Drama	9.0	A coastal tanker leaves the Oresund waterway and is headed straight for the Oresund Bridge. When the coastguard board the ship they discover there is no crew and three Swedish and two Danish youths are chained below deck. Saga Noren of Malmo County Police is put in charge of the case and contacts Martin Rohde, who is still haunted by the death of his son. Together they embark on investigating the case.
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 2	Drama	9.0	While Saga and Martin are quarantined, someone posts a video online where four individuals wearing masks use signs to claim responsibility for the plague. This coincides with several reported deaths as a resultof eating, among other things, poisoned apples. Saga and Martin are quick to connect the two cases. And they realise this is just the beginning.
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 3	Drama	9.0	Saga and Martin continue hunting down the eco-terrorists and start profiling them. The eco-terrorists now know the police are onto them and realise they will have to proceed with great caution as they goforward, hoping to be trusted with new and bigger operations. But there is a split in the group and Saga and Martin are edging closer. It dawns on Saga's boyfriend Jacob that living with her isn't entirely easy. Martin makes some progress in his meeting with Jens, but will Jens ever show remorse?
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 4	Drama	9.0	Saga and Martin investigate the killing of the eco-terrorists. Saga rules out suicide. They learn there must be a leader still alive out there who has been pulling the strings all along. They track him to aCopenhagen-based IT company, but he seems to have gone underground. Are new attacks being planned? Are there more terrorist cells? Martin hits it off with his Danish colleague Pernille, but is it more than just friendship?
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 5	Drama	9.0	As the investigation grows, some new leads are opened and four individuals wearing animal masks carry out a new attack and then post a video online where they again claim responsibility. Saga and Martin try to track down the new group, who are busy planning yet another attack. Saga has a hard time getting used to living with her boyfriend and feels she needs to be alone. She decides to check into a hotel, a decision she will soon come to regret. Martin goes back to visit Jens in prison and this time he exceeds his authority.
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 6	Drama	9.0	Martin is at the hospital watching over his son Nikolaj, who has suddenly fallen ill. Saga visits the hospital to update him on the case and notices that something isn't quite right.The investigation intensifies as another poisoning is connected to Saga and Martin's case. Furthermore, a motorboat is recovered from the bottom of the sea and some old skeletal remains are found inside. Who were these people and what did they die of? Are they connected to the larger case?Jens doesn't want Martin visiting him in prison anymore, but Martin won't back down. Saga is nervous ahead of her first meeting with her potential mother-in-law and wonders if she's being a good enough girlfriend.In Danish a
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 7	Drama	9.0	Saga and Martin face a complex puzzle when someone threatens to blow up a chemical plant. They collect all the clues and find a common denominator, confining the perpetrator to a specific area. But is there asingle perpetrator or several? And what is the motive? Saga starts to realize that being a girlfriend and living with someone is harder than she thought. Martin has secretly been prying into Saga's past, something he may regret.
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 8	Drama	9.0	Saga and Martin re-interview witnesses in the case and suspect someone within their own group has been doctoring information in their reports. But they need to gather more evidence before they can be sure. Laura, the key witness, regains consciousness and, despite feeling exhausted, finally manages to help piece together a composite sketch of the perpetrator.Martin visits Jens in prison yet again, but will he ever achieve his aims? Saga tries to find a solution to her co-habitation problem, one that is not to Jacob's liking.
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 9	Drama	9.0	After a composite sketch of the perpetrator is made and Saga and Martin learn who it is, they must get to him in time. When they think the case is solved, it turns out there is one more final piece left. Their leads point to Kastrup Airport, but once they realise what it all means it may be too late.Can Martin repair his marriage? Saga's and Martin's friendship is put to the test.
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 10	Drama	9.0	Saga and Martin realise the case isn't over and that there is one more perpetrator. But who is Mikkel Host? It's a race against the clock to prevent a disaster in which many lives are at stake. Martin makes acrucial decision, and in the end Saga faces an extremely difficult choice that will change everything.
1910	Bron / Broen	Afsnit 1	Drama	9.0	A famous danish gender debater and owner of Copenhagens first gender neutral kindergarten is found murdered at a construction site in Malmö. Saga is forced to work together with a new danish colleague, who is having a hard time accepting Saga for who she is
1911	Highlander	Highlander	Action	none	"I am Duncan Macleod, born 400 years ago in the Highlands of Scotland. I am Immortal, and I am not alone. For centuries we have waited for the time of the Gathering, when the stroke of a sword and the fall of a head will release the power of the Quickening. In the end, there can be only one."
1912	Highlander: The Raven	Highlander: The Raven	Action	7.5	"She is a creature of legend…like the Raven, a thief who stole the sun and the moon. They sent a warrior to bring her back. He found her, and together they brought light back to the world. Sexy Amanda Derieux, teaming up with freelance security expert, Nick Wolfe, puts her high octane arsenal of charisma and sassy, good looks into full force to charm, confound and, when necessary, destroy Immortals bent on evil
1914	Code 37	Code 37	Drama	6.0	Code 37 is a television series of the Flemish broadcaster VTM. Production started in April 2009. At first it was called Erika Maes , but later they still chose a different name. The series started on 31 August 2009.The story revolves around a police force specializing in sexual offenses. Code " 37 " is the code used by the prosecutors for the charges of sexual offenses . According to the Belgian Code sexual offenses include rape, incest, (child) pornography, sexual abuse of minors, child abuse, pedophilia, exhibitionism, sexual assault, sexual harassment, sexual discrimination, prostitution and incitement seen or organizing all of the above.
1915	Death Parade	Death Parade	Fantasy	9.0	There is a place after death that's neither heaven nor hell. A bar that serves you one chance to win. You cannot leave until the game is over, and when it is, your life may be too. From Studio Madhouse (Death Note, Black Lagoon) comes a thrilling new series where the stakes are high and the rules are simple: your life is on the line.
1916	Tatakau Shisho: The Book of Bantorra	Tatakau Shisho: The Book of Bantorra	Action	7.5	In another time and place, on a world of pain and sorrow, when someone dies, their soul doesn't go to Heaven or Hell - it becomes a book. A book that reveals the deceased's innermost secrets and that can be read by anyone. Protecting these priceless treasures is the elite organization known as the Armed Librarians. It's their job to keep the books and the knowledge within them safe from those who would misuse or destroy them. It's a tough, dangerous job, so Chief Librarian Hamyuts Maseta recruits only the best and the brightest psychics to join her team of expert fighters. Even so, will they be able to stop the fanatics of the Shindeki Church from wreaking vengeance on the entire world? Only time will tell, but that book hasn't been written yet.
1918	Camp	Camp	Drama	none	The series explores the campers and counselors at Little Otter Family Camp, where summer memories are made.
1919	Starhunter	Starhunter	Science-Fiction	8.0	The year is 2275. Earth has colonized the entire solar system, but things are dangerous out there. Enter Dante Montana, a reluctant bounty hunter haunted by his past, who, along with his crew, travels the universe in pursuit of dangerous interplanetary criminals, including The Raiders—an evil force that Dante believes kidnapped his son. Meanwhile, covert forces are waging a desperate war to unlock the secrets of the Divinity Cluster—powerful knowledge that in the wrong hands would mean universal domination...
1919	Starhunter	The Divinity Cluster	Science-Fiction	8.0	Dante is reunited with MacDuff, an old friend who is dying from cancer. Luc's father, Darius, asks her to capture a geneticist who may hold the key to an alien gene known as ""The Divinity Cluster"".
1919	Starhunter	Trust	Science-Fiction	8.0	Against Dante's and Luc's warnings, Percy becomes friends with one of a pair of cousins that The Tulip is transporting to an automated prison on Mercury.
1919	Starhunter	Family Values	Science-Fiction	8.0	While hunting a pair of con artists on Mars, Dante and Luc encounter a Raider with a boy who may be Dante's kidnapped son. Percy becomes trapped in Dante's VR device, which simulates his dead wife, Penny.
1919	Starhunter	Siren's Song	Science-Fiction	8.0	After Dante and Luc capture Petrakis, an escaped prisoner who hijacked a luxury yacht, the Tulip is commandeered by Special Forces. They are transporting Ire, a girl with amazing powers who may be infected with a deadly virus.
1919	Starhunter	The Man Who Sold the World	Science-Fiction	8.0	On a mission to a mining facility on Pluto, Dante and Luc attempt to capture Novak, a war criminal responsible for sacrificing thousands to the Divinity Cluster. Percy and Caravaggio deal with a holographic computer virus named ""Billy Ray"", who is wreaking havoc aboard The Tulip.
1919	Starhunter	Peer Pressure	Science-Fiction	8.0	Dante arrests a doctor and her son, unaware that she has a device that can control his mind.
1919	Starhunter	Frozen	Science-Fiction	8.0	While transporting Etienne to a prison, the Tulip receives a distress call from Dr. Devon. Devon is pursued by Raiders after freeing his son, Ryan, from an Orchard medical research facility.
1919	Starhunter	Past Lives	Science-Fiction	8.0	Rudolpho instructs the crew to pick up a murder suspect who turns out to be Luc's ex-husband, Eric. Eric has escaped from an Orchard medical facility where he was injected with an experimental antibody that has killed all previous recipients in 48 hours.
1919	Starhunter	Order	Science-Fiction	8.0	The crew receives a radio transmission from a religious cult who plan to commit mass suicide by crashing into the sun. Luc falls under the unnatural influence of their leader, Brother Thirteen.
1919	Starhunter	Cell Game	Science-Fiction	8.0	When a rival group of bounty hunters tries to steal the crew's prisoner, Percy is arrested for assaulting one of the bounty hunters, a member of the Oberon Militia. Rex, the leader of the rival group, uses Percy's arrest to blackmail Dante into freeing her brother, Goran, from the Nereid prison.
1919	Starhunter	Black Light	Science-Fiction	8.0	When a short circuit on the lower decks of the Tulip brings an unexplored section of the ship to life, Colonel Bramwell is released after 50 years in cryogenic sleep, believing Earth still is at war with the Raiders. Dante plans to use Bramwell's legendary status with the Raiders to find his son.
1919	Starhunter	Goodbye, So Long	Science-Fiction	8.0	While on a shopping trip to find parts for the life support system in the Captain's Quarters, Dante is reunited with Marco, an old friend who was a rival for Penny's affections. Marco's business partner, Ike, works with the Raiders to locate special seeds that can grow in any climate. Percy begins to suspect Luc has a hidden agenda.
1919	Starhunter	The Most Wanted Man	Science-Fiction	8.0	Every bounty hunter and law enforcement officer in the solar system seems to be after Harman, a former associate of Darius who may be the ""Rosetta Stone"" for the Divinity Cluster. Harman has developed superhuman speed, and refuses to talk to anyone but Darius. Dante's and Percy's suspicions of Luc come to a head when she helps Harman escape from The Tulip.
1919	Starhunter	Half Dense Players	Science-Fiction	8.0	Darius pulls strings with Rudolpho to have the Tulip transport Arquette, an artist suspected of murder. The Orchard believes that Arquette's obsession with the large, swirling storm on Jupiter has given her extra-dimensional sight. Percy discovers they are being trailed by a cloaked ship that may be over three million years old.
1919	Starhunter	Dark and Stormy Night	Science-Fiction	8.0	Darius boards The Tulip to help Luc inform Dante about the Divinity Cluster.
1919	Starhunter	Super Max	Science-Fiction	8.0	When Rudolpho sells The Tulip to Max for conversion to a prison ship, Dante must infiltrate Max's organization, and fight off advances from Max's wife, Zelda.
1919	Starhunter	A Twist in Time (1)	Science-Fiction	8.0	While transporting a dangerous serial killer, The Tulip is diverted to search for survivors after an accident at a secret research station on Triton. When the ship is disabled by the station's graviton experiment, Dante stumbles on a time loop that gives him multiple chances to prevent Percy's death.
1919	Starhunter	Eat Sin (2)	Science-Fiction	8.0	Caught in separate Bubble Universes, each member of the crew must outwit separate versions of their prisioner, insane serial killer Five.
1919	Starhunter	Bad Girls	Science-Fiction	8.0	Dante agrees to transport Rudolpho's friend, Stephen Hamilton, and his two daughters, unaware that Hamilton is being blackmailed by The Orchard to spy on Dante.
1919	Starhunter	Bad Seed (1)	Science-Fiction	8.0	Dante is kidnapped by Tosca, an Orchard agent who plans to use Dante to find Travis, who she believes is the key to The Divinity Cluster. During the kidnapping, Caravaggio is infected with a virus that gives him a second, evil personality. The Tulip is boarded by Navarre, a rogue Orchard scientist who wants to help Luc rescue Dante. While Percy is trying to save the ship from self-destruction by Caravaggio, The Tulip is again boarded - this time by Salomea, a Raider who claims she is working for Travis.
1919	Starhunter	Travis (2)	Science-Fiction	8.0	The Tulip receives a cryptic massage from Percy that leads Dante to the special seeds that are concealed in her quarters. Dante bargains with the Raider leader, Senaca, to exchange the seeds for Percy and Travis (known to the Raiders as Zephryn). Travis reveals Penny's role in early experiments with The Divinity Cluster.
1919	Starhunter	Resurrection (3)	Science-Fiction	8.0	Tension and mistrust forms between the crew members as Travis becomes a reluctant member of The Tulip's crew. Dante discovers The Raiders' true intentions for the seeds, but is unsure how to intervene with The Tulip damaged in their escape from The Raiders. Luc is captured by Tosca who is assisting The Raiders with their mission. Eccelston returns from ""the dead"" with dire warnings about The Divinity Cluster.
1919	Starhunter	Rebirth	Science-Fiction	8.0	Percy emerges from hyperspace to discover that 15 years have passed, and Caravaggio has had his graphic files updated. Unsure of what to do with The Tulip, she reluctantly teams up with bounty hunters Travis, Rudolpho, Callie and Marcus. Zavras, a Raider and former clansman of Travis, uses Dr. Daniel Rochaz to lure Travis out of hiding.
1919	Starhunter	Star Crossed	Science-Fiction	8.0	Travis and Callie are hired by the Jupiter Federation to arrest Dakkota 79, a Raider leader on the verge of starting a war with the Verran Clan. Dakkota's girlfriend, Cira, may hold be a link to Travis' past. Rudolpho's inquiries into a possible bounty on Travis leads to complications, both with an old business associate, and with his new crewmates.
1919	Starhunter	Biocrime	Science-Fiction	8.0	When Marcus and Callie encounter Taryn, a former girlfriend of Marcus', panicked and begging for help, the crew discovers that she has been genetically altered. Travis is hired to apprehend Father Abode, a former student of Dr. Novak, who has been producing genetic mutants for the pleasure of wealthy clients.
1919	Starhunter	Chasing Janus	Science-Fiction	8.0	Travis and Callie's plans to capture ""low-level smuggler"" Strasser turn bad when Strasser recognizes her. Callie is injured, and the crew attempts to keep her alive with a damaged cryonic chamber. The Tulip sets course for Mars in hopes that Callie's estranged father, Janus, has her ""blank"" - a clone kept in stasis, and used for organ replacement.
1919	Starhunter	Spaceman	Science-Fiction	8.0	While exploring an uncharted debris field, the Tulip discovers a sarcophagus floating in space. Mishkin, the sarcophagus' lone occupant, spreads a disease among the crew that makes Rudolpho and Marcus question their positions aboard the ship.
1919	Starhunter	Becoming Shiva	Science-Fiction	8.0	A Terran terrorist group protesting the ecological disastors that have plagued Earth are suddenly put on the map when thier methods of only targeting buildings and space structures accidently takes lives.
1919	Starhunter	The Third Thing	Science-Fiction	8.0	The crew of the holovision reality series, ""The Third Thing"", follow the crew of the Tulip. Marcus, wanting more hands-on experience, is given the job of capturing a petty criminal.
1919	Starhunter	Torment	Science-Fiction	8.0	Travis and his crew must rescue a man's parents who were kidnapped 50 years earlier, but are have only aged 8 months due to time dilation. Rudolpho is forced to bring his rebellious teenage daughter, Serena, aboard the ship.
1919	Starhunter	Painless	Science-Fiction	8.0	The son of Roan Gerick, a family friend of the Montana family, is killed by Anestha, a new street drug the turns pain into pleasure. Travis hunts for Bliss, the leader of the narcotics ring, against Rudolpho's better judgement.
1919	Starhunter	Skin Deep	Science-Fiction	8.0	Callie's reunion with Lena Bannen, an old friend, is interrupted when a rival bounty hunter attempts to arrest Lena for murder. Percy and Marcus try to find an antimatter stabilizer for the hyperdrive, and are forced to do some bonding when they become stranded in Syn City.
1919	Starhunter	Supermax Redux	Science-Fiction	8.0	While transporting Quigley, a prisioner who appears to be quite insane, the crew save the lives of an old nemesis, Max, and his associates. Max offers to share a stash of Onmium, a mineral rarer than diamonds and worth billions of credits.
1919	Starhunter	Pandora's Box	Science-Fiction	8.0	The Tulip experiences a power drain that leaves them at half power. Unaware that the problem is caused by an experiment conducted by Keres Station, a science research facility, Travis accepts an assignment from their head scientist, Dr. Schofield. He must capture Alrick Quennell, a Raider, and retreive a box containing the deadly Tethys Virus that Quennel stole from the station.
1919	Starhunter	Stitch in Time	Science-Fiction	8.0	While transporting Ritson, a deserter from the Jupiter Federation Elite Forces, The Tulip answers a distress call from Galentis, a mining platform on the asteroid Ida - a mining platform that should not be there. And for some reason, Percy isn't quite herself.
1919	Starhunter	The Prisoner	Science-Fiction	8.0	Travis and Callie pick up Jane Doe, a psychiatric patient with amnesia, who apparently remembers Travis and wants him dead. Marcus finds himself attracted to Dr. Alora Kir, Doe's psychiatrist. The new incarnation of the Orchard, and their leader, Tristan Catchpole, set their sights on Travis, who may have one of his Divinity Cluster genes already activated.
1919	Starhunter	Kate	Science-Fiction	8.0	The Tulip's collision with a mine leaves the ship floating in space, vulnerable to attack. Percy, unhappy with Caravaggio's recent performance, creates an female AI with more emotion and intuition, but Kate very quickly develops too much independance.
1919	Starhunter	Rivals	Science-Fiction	8.0	Callie's irritation with the Tulip's ongoing technical problems is aggravated when the stylish Seattle and its debonair captain rescue the crew from a problem it can't handle.
1919	Starhunter	Heir and the Spare	Science-Fiction	8.0	A con man preying on older women has a mysterious link to Marcus' genes. Meanwhile, Percy is going through some mental difficulties.
1919	Starhunter	Just Politics	Science-Fiction	8.0	Rudolpho is suspicious of a trade minister the Tulip has been hired to transport to the Manheim Asteroid Belt to clinch a deal.
1919	Starhunter	Negative Energy	Science-Fiction	8.0	Marcus believes he can convert the ship's hyper drive to use negative energy instead of anti-matter, but will need Durenium to produce it. Marcus attempts to find an old contract who may be be able to put him in contact with a seller of this rare and illegal element. Executive Chief Inspector Tibbit boards The Tulip to make sure that engines are in proper working order before granting Caravaggio's application for a change in power source.
1919	Starhunter	License to Fill	Science-Fiction	8.0	A vengeful bureaucrat has the Tulip crew court-martialed for a license violation.
1919	Starhunter	Hyperspace I	Science-Fiction	8.0	Marcus finds an obscure scientist whose theories may hold the secret to getting the Tulip into hyperspace.
1919	Starhunter	Hyperspace II	Science-Fiction	8.0	The ship's crew is trapped in separate folds of space-time. Meanwhile, Travis learns more about the Divinity Cluster.
1920	Fastlane	Fastlane	Action	7.0	A flashy action series about a pair of mismatched cops taking on L.A.'s lawless with the help of a beautiful boss and a warehouse full of high-end props and confiscated property.
1920	Fastlane	Pilot	Action	7.0	Billie recruits mismatched cops Van and Deaquon (Peter Facinelli, Bill Bellamy) to nail a corrupt DEA agent (Craig Sheffer).
1920	Fastlane	Girls Own Juice	Action	7.0	Van and Deaq cook up a sting for a trio of jewel-heisting, motorcycle-riding hotties (Tangi Miller, Abby Brammell, Tatyana Ali) who may or may not be working both sides of the law.
1920	Fastlane	Gone Native	Action	7.0	To bring down a team of Russian gun-runners, Van and Deaq team with a renegade agent (Rod Rowland) who may be on the wrong side of the law.
1920	Fastlane	Things Done Changed	Action	7.0	Deaq (Bill Bellamy) tries to help his ex escape her nasty new man by infiltrating the thug's crew as they prep to pull a casino heist.
1920	Fastlane	Ryde or Die	Action	7.0	Billie goes over the line to bring down a ring of Ecstasy pushers after the guys' cover as a pair of nightclub impresarios fails to seal the deal. Rapper Biz Markie appears as himself.
1920	Fastlane	Ray Ray	Action	7.0	Van's money-laundering dad (Robert Forster) is sprung from jail to help Billie's team take down a counterfeiter (Brad Hawkins) who killed the only father-figure Van had ever known.
1920	Fastlane	Wet	Action	7.0	Van poses as a recovering alcoholic to get in with a sober but psycho hit woman (Jamie Brown) out to silence the key witness in a case against an L.A. street gang.
1920	Fastlane	Mighty Blue	Action	7.0	Billie fears that an escaped Asian drug lord (Ian Anthony Dale) has targeted her friend (Catherine Kwong) for helping put him behind bars.
1920	Fastlane	Get Your Mack On	Action	7.0	The guys almost blow their cover while investigating a high-end call-girl ring run by a murderous pimp (Pras) with a dead-end assignment for one of his employees.
1920	Fastlane	Dogtown	Action	7.0	Billie's former snitch pulls a fast one on Deaq and Van after offering to get them in with the beach-bum surf crew behind a dope-dealing ring.
1920	Fastlane	Strap On	Action	7.0	Billie gets in on the action and goes undercover to cuff a sexy, sadistic thief (Jaime Pressly) who's behind a rash of home-invasion attacks on rich lesbians.
1920	Fastlane	101	Action	7.0	Van bristles at having to mentor a rookie cop hot to help the team take down two twisted players who get off on blackmailing dirty cops. But when the case takes a wrong turn, one Candy Store employee winds up at the mercy of a maniac, while the others are forced to rely on an unlikely--and untested---ally to save the day.
1920	Fastlane	Defense (1)	Action	7.0	As Billie fends off an Internal Affairs bigwig (Jay Mohr) intent on closing the Candy Store, the guys go deep to bring down whoever is hiring killers to take out L.A. cops.
1920	Fastlane	Offense (2)	Action	7.0	Billie joins Van and Deaq's mad dash to stop a cop killer when an undercover Fed (Krista Allen) frames her for murder and puts the Candy Store's future on the line.
1920	Fastlane	Popdukes	Action	7.0	A comely counterfeiter (Jenny McCarthy) vows to have the right stuff to save Van's ex-con dad (Robert Forster) from an angry drug lord he crossed before his incarceration.
1920	Fastlane	Slippery Slope	Action	7.0	Van's stuck between an ex and a hard case as he and Deaq race to find a con artist (Jennifer Sky) from his past before the hit woman (Jamie Brown) he bedded beats him to it.
1920	Fastlane	Simone Says	Action	7.0	Van and Deaq are up in arms after Billie assigns them to protect the uppity, annoying daughter (Mischa Barton) of an ex-arms dealer after someone puts a price on the little princess's head.
1920	Fastlane	Monster	Action	7.0	A bored gangbanger-gone-legit ices his old foe's kid brother in hopes of getting a cheap thrill out of the random kill. But when the death triggers a potential street war, Deaq revisits his old thug life to maintain a reliable cover.
1920	Fastlane	Overkill	Action	7.0	Haunted by memories of his slain brother (Vondie Curtis-Hall), Deaq becomes Van's greatest liability in the hunt for a gun-runner who may be posing as a hip-hop music guru.
1920	Fastlane	Asslane	Action	7.0	To bust a crystal-meth kingpin (Tommy Lee), Van and Billie strip down to get in with his porn-producing distributor (Naomi Campbell), while Deag does the sidekick thing with the drug dealer himself.
1920	Fastlane	Dosed (1)	Action	7.0	Ali Landry appears as an employee at Van's hotel who's having a drink with him. Trouble is, Van's drink is poisoned by an unseen guy who keeps in touch by phone (and seems to see everything Van does). He offers a Faustian bargain: the medical information Van will need to keep from dying if the Candy Store cops will spring a prisoner (Hal Ozsan). But no one should know what's going on, so they'll have to break the guy out of jail.
1920	Fastlane	Iced (2)	Action	7.0	Billie's rogue ex-protégé (Kirk Acevedo) coerces the team into pulling a diamond heist in return for the names of the families he's secretly dosed with a toxic cocktail. But when the job hits a snag, a new threat emerges that could send the Candy Store's top cop back to a deadly habit.
1921	Special Unit 2	Special Unit 2	Comedy	6.8	A young Chicago cop and a veteran officer battle monsters terrorizing the city in a tongue-in-cheek adventure that suggests the creatures are the missing link between man and apes.
1922	Mann & Machine	Mann & Machine	Action	6.5	Futuristic crime story in which an L.A. cop is partnered with a cyborg partner, who has the sparkle of Data from `Star Trek' combined with the body of Julie Newmar from `My Living Doll.' Plus, as her partner puts it, `She's never had the experience of being wrong.'
1923	Bubblegum Crisis: Tokyo 20140	Bubblegum Crisis: Tokyo 20140	Action	7.5	In the aftermath of the great earthquake, one ruthless corporation stands ready to take over the devastated city of Tokyo with an army of synthetic monsters. Only a single band of female vigilantes opposes the monolithic power of Genom - but in this case, four women are all it takes! Armed with the most incredible combat suits ever designed, the Knight Sabers wage a desperate war in the shadows, combating the monstrous by-products of technology run amuck with courage, sweat and blood!
1924	Metal Fighter Miku	Metal Fighter Miku	Action	6.0	In the near future, the sports world is dominated by Neo Wrestling. Metal Fighters challenge each other in the ring, their strength and endurance complimented by armored suits. The stakes are high as the girls of the Pretty Four face Team Sapphire. Their skills are stretched to the limit in this game, where beauty, grace, and style are just as important as strength and speed.
1925	Neon Genesis Evangelion	Neon Genesis Evangelion	Drama	9.0	The year is 2015, and half of the Earth's population is dead, victims of the disaster called Second Impact! Answering a summons from his enigmatic father, 14-year-old Shinji Ikari arrives in the rebuilt city of New Tokyo-3 just as a gigantic creature identified as an "Angel" attacks! Forced into the cockpit of a giant bio-mechanical construct known as an Evangelion, Shinji must defend the city from the rampaging Angel or die trying!
1926	Now and Then, Here and There	Now and Then, Here and There	Drama	7.5	Dragged through a time warp by a strange machine, Shu is thrust into a hellish future as it explodes into war! Surrounded by fierce warriors enslaved innocents, and enigmatic wanderers, Shu faces the ultimate challenge of survival in a world gone mad!
1927	Cat's Eye	Cat's Eye	Comedy	6.0	Cat's Eye is the most notorious group of art thieves in Japan. No one knows their identities, but for most of Tokyo, the mystery only heightens their allure. To bumbling detective Utsumi Toshio, Cat's Eye is a colossal pain in the neck. They outwit him and the rest of the police at every turn, making them look ridiculous. He would never dream of being in love with someone in Cat's Eye. Except he already is. Toshio has no idea that Cat's Eye is actually his girlfriend, Hitomi Kisugi, and her sisters Rui and Ai. Running the Cat's Eye Cafe next door to the police station, they bring ''hiding in plain sight'' to a whole new level. But thievery and romance are difficult to balance. Hitomi will need all the help she can get to stop Toshio from discovering her identity - especially when he starts having feelings for her alter-ego!
1928	Spawn	Spawn	Action	8.0	Adults-only animated series about a CIA hit man whose death causes him to seal a deal with the devil. But the devil transforms him into 'hell spawn,' a dark warrior who battles the forces of evil on the earth--and in himself.
1929	The Avengers	The Avengers	Comedy	8.7	With its imaginative stories of secret agents in 1960s swinging Britain, The Avengers combines science fiction with fantasy, fashion and a unique sense of style, and can rightly claim its place as a prime example of the spy-fi genre. We may be in the 21st century, but The Avengers retains a fascination that is as fresh today as it was when it first took off on the small screen.
1930	The New Avengers	The New Avengers	Comedy	7.0	The New Avengers is a British secret agent fantasy adventure television series produced during 1976 and 1977. It is a sequel to the 1960s series, The Avengers and was developed by original series producers Albert Fennell and Brian Clemens. A joint UK-France-Canada production, the series picks up the adventures of John Steed (Patrick Macnee) as he and his team of "Avengers" fight evil plots and world domination. Whereas in the original series Steed had almost always been partnered with a woman, in the new series he had two partners: Mike Gambit (Gareth Hunt), a top agent, crack marksman and trained martial artist, and Purdey (Joanna Lumley), a former trainee with The Royal Ballet (to which she ascribed the high-kicking skills she frequently used in the series) who was an amalgam of many of the best talents from Steed's female partners in The Avengers.
1931	You're Under Arrest!	You're Under Arrest!	Comedy	6.0	The craziness begins as Tokyo Highway Patrolwomen Natsumi and Miyuki get off to a bad start when Miyuki busts Natsumi for reckless moped driving on her way to work. Things go from bad to worse when they find out they're going to be partners!
1932	Najica: Blitz Tactics	Najica: Blitz Tactics	Action	6.0	Super-sexy Najica Hiragi fights to save a ruined world from depraved criminals and dangerous androids. While on a mission for the CRI intelligence agency, Najica rescues the Humaritt Lila, an android with super-human strength but not a lick of common sense. Lila becomes Najica's partner, and together they begin taking on the bad guys!
1933	Sorcerer Hunters	Sorcerer Hunters	Action	8.0	On the Spooner Continent, humans are oppressed by evil wizards who rule over them; their only hope lies in the Sorcerer Hunters, five supernatural heroes who fight injustice according to the orders of the goddess-like "Big Momma." The improbable quintet at the center of this 1995 broadcast series is a lot less dignified than their title suggests: blond muscleman Gateau Mocha, elegant Marron Glace (pronounced "GLAYSS," rather than "glah-SAY"), his klutzy brother Carrot (the self-proclaimed "love machine"), and the Misu sisters, Tira and Chocolate.
1934	Boogiepop Phantom	Boogiepop Phantom	Drama	7.0	Five years ago, a string of grisly murders shook the city to its core. Now terror has returned, and this time it has a name: Boogiepop. Everyone knows about Boogiepop: death incarnate, she stalks the night in search of fresh victims. Meet her, and you simply...vanish. In the darkness, glass shatters and time stands still... There's something out there, and it's coming closer. Are you safe?
1935	Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex	Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex	Action	7.5	Major Motoko Kusanagi is a beautiful but deadly cyborg that is squad leader of Section 9-the Japanese government's clandestine unit assigned to battle terrorism and cyber warfare. Surrounded by an expertly trained team, Motoko faces her ultimate challenge- the Laughing Man- a terrorist who orchestrated a kidnapping and extortion plot many years ago and has suddenly reappeared. In order to discover the identity of this enigmatic criminal, Motoko and Section 9 are drawn into a deadly labyrinth and they ll have to use all their expertise to survive.
1936	Mezzo	Mezzo	Comedy	7.5	Her name is Mikura, and she's all about service with a smile. So what if that service is cracking skulls and the smile happens to be on the other end of a loaded gun? Get ready for this chic with a killer body and vicious skills to wreak havoc and mayhem all in the name of the Danger Service Agency!
1937	Mortal Kombat: Defenders of the Realm	Mortal Kombat: Defenders of the Realm	Action	5.0	Mortal Kombat: Defenders of the Realm is an animated series based on the popula Mortal Kombat fighting game franchise.
1938	Serial Experiments Lain	Serial Experiments Lain	Anime	9.0	Close the World. Open the Next. Decades before the internet was something people carried around in their pockets, these words introduced anime fans to a surreal existence where computer monitors served as portals to brave new worlds. Serial Experiments: Lain and its deceptively "ordinary" title character redefined an entire generation's concept of the world wide web, prompting us all to suspiciously take note of humming power lines and central processing units. Follow along as fourteen year old Lain – driven by the abrupt suicide of a classmate – logs on to the Wired and promptly loses herself in a twisted mass of hallucinations, memories, and interconnected-psyches. Close the World. Open the Next. It's as simple as the flip of a switch.
1939	Psycho Pass	Psycho Pass	Drama	9.0	Welcome to a world where just thinking about a crime is enough to enough to make you guilty. Bad intentions can no longer be hidden, and the police know exactly which tainted minds are about to cross over to the wrong side of the law. The great equalizer in the war on thugs is the Dominator, a futuristic weapon that can read minds and assess the risk that a citizen will turn criminal. Cops work in teams made up of Enforcers and Inspectors. Enforcers take out the bad guys, Inspectors stop their partners from going rogue, and the all-powerful Sibyl System keeps a watchful eye on us all. Society is paralyzed by its deepest, darkest desires, and trial by jury has been replaced by the wrath of the Dominator. Welcome to the future. How guilty are you?
1939	Psycho Pass	Crime Coefficient	Drama	9.0	On her first day as the new Inspector of Unit One, Inspector Akane Tsunemori has been assigned to handle a hostage situation: a man named Nobuo Okura whose Crime Coefficient has determined he is likely to commit a crime and is confirmed when he kidnaps an innocent woman. While looking for him, Akane learns about the nature of the Dominator, and the relationship between Enforcers and Inspectors. Enforcer Shuusei Kagari finds Okura, but a weapons malfunction gives him away. Okura flees, and Unit One pursues him. After Enforcer Shinya Kogami disposes of Okura, the unit learns that the hostage's Crime Coefficient has risen to a high level. Before Kogami can execute her, Akane stops him with the Dominator's paralyzer. In the end, Akane manages to calm the woman down, letting her Crime Coefficient reduce to the point where she can be paralyzed and taken away; while Akane must explain her actions in a report to her superiors.
1939	Psycho Pass	The One Who is Capable of Doing	Drama	9.0	Kogami remains hospitalized as he recovers from the Dominator-enforced paralysis; Akane begins a normal work day after meeting with friends and checks on his condition. Enforcer Tomomi Masaoka teams up with Akane to take out a threat in the mall, and after they return, Akane shares a meal and some revealing conversation with Kagari. Later, she greets Kogami, who reinforces her belief she made the right call during the hostage situation; she turns in her report with no regrets.
1939	Psycho Pass	Raising Manners	Drama	9.0	Unit One is called to a drone plant to investigate another dismembering incident. Inspector Nobuchika Ginoza and Masaoka have a heated disagreement; when Akane questions Ginoza, he tells her she is a fool to treat the Enforcers as a colleague rather than a handler. The manager of the plant swears the dismembering is an accident, but Unit One thinks otherwise; they notice a plant worker being bullied by the others. Without the Sibyl System, they have no way of identifying the killer, but the Enforcers cook up a wild plan that terrifies Akane - and nevertheless succeeds.
1939	Psycho Pass	No One Knows Your Mask	Drama	9.0	Unit One attempts to find the culprit behind the murder of a man known online as the popular avatar "Talisman", now controlled by his killer. Akane, with the help of the avatar "Spooky Boogie", infiltrates a CommuField gathering to expose the murderer, but the ploy goes awry. Afterward, the murderer, who happens to be working with Shogo Makishima, kills the owner of "Spooky Boogie" and takes over her avatar as well.
1939	Psycho Pass	No One Knows Your Face	Drama	9.0	Ginoza and his team nearly got ambushed when they track the murderer to a bomb-rigged hideout. Kogami, who had analyzed Akane's chats with Spooky Boogie and the guest data on the idols' communities, determines the identity of the murderer, who goes by the name of Masatake Midou. Meanwhile, Midou receives a warning not to disappoint Makishima. Masaoka, Akane, and Kogami close in on the suspect and manage to severely wound him before he flees to the safety of his avatars - who turn on him under Makishima's command. The group apprehends the suspect, and later Ginoza reveals to Akane his reasons about his attitude to Enforcers. It turns out that his former partner is Kogami who used to be an Inspector before his Crime Coefficient went high due to a cold case.
1939	Psycho Pass	Return of the Lunatic Prince	Drama	9.0	Ginoza and his team theorize that a mastermind might have influenced the murderous actions of two recent suspects by essentially providing them with the ability and motivation to carry out their deadly desires. Kogami sees eerie similarities between these cases and the earlier unsolved case that got him demoted to Enforcer which also resulted the grotesque death of his Enforcer, Sasayama. Meanwhile, Akane seeks out more information on Kogami from Kagari and Shion Karanomori and learns about Sasayama and the cold case known as the Specimen Case. At a girls' school, Rikako Oryo, the enigmatic president of the art club, ensnares an unsuspecting victim and mutilates her corpse into a work of "art" under the tutelage of the evident mastermind, Makishima.
1939	Psycho Pass	Flowery Language	Drama	9.0	After realizing that the recent murders and the Specimen Case are indeed connected, Ginoza takes Kogami off the case and requests Akane to watch over him. Akane discusses Sasayama's murder with Kogami, and he shows her his one piece of evidence: a blurry image of Makishima. Meanwhile, Makishima, in a study with Toyohisa Senguji, reveals the circumstances of Rikako Oryo's father's death and discusses the nature of the shortening life expectancy. Later, Rikako continues her crimes with the help of Makishima's colleague, Choe Gu-Sung, and abducts another fellow student who is worried about her friend's disappearance.
1939	Psycho Pass	The Rest, Is Silence	Drama	9.0	With his profiling skills, Kogami determines that the girls' school killer isn't the same murderer from the unsolved case years ago; he explains that the recent murders lack "originality" and pointed social commentary of the previous killings. When he and Akane realize the culprit is one of the students, they locate Rikako - who escapes when one of teachers stops Kogami from executing her. As the Enforcers try to locate her secret routes and hiding places, Rikako flees - but not before everyone discovers her latest creation. Makishima calls Rikako to tell her that she's a disappointment and has Senguji dispose her. In the meantime, Kogami picks up a damaged audio file which was deliberately left by Makishima. Due to Rikako's failure, Makishima develops an interest in Kogami.
1939	Psycho Pass	The Fruit of Paradise	Drama	9.0	Kogami, attempting to track down Makishima, takes Akane to visit his former teacher, Jouji Saiga, who agrees to give her a crash course on criminal profiling; however, Ginoza reprimands her harshly which results into an argument. Afterwards, Masaoka explains to her Ginoza's attitude by revealing his past. In the meantime, Makishima discusses humanity and philosophy with Senguji, who in an earlier interview reveals himself to be nearly a full cyborg. He gives him his next target: Shinya Kogami.
1939	Psycho Pass	The Play of Methuselah	Drama	9.0	Makishima and Senguji set up a hunt by using Akane's friend, Yuki, as bait to lure Kogami into an abandoned subway station. Upon entering the station, Kogami discovers Yuki in a train car and loses contact with Akane; the two must evade Senguji and his canine drones as a curious Makishima observes from above. Ginoza scolds Akane for letting Kogami go on his own but Masaoka chastises him over his treatment of her. Meanwhile, Makishima rigs the hunt to give Kogami a chance to create a working transponder and, as a result, Kogami makes contact with the group outside and they go in after him.
1939	Psycho Pass	The Saint's Supper	Drama	9.0	With a drone delivering him a Dominator, Kogami manages to outwit Senguji and kill him, although he also takes some shots in the process. Just then, Yuki is captured by Makishima, with Kogami too weak to follow. As Masaoka tends to Kogami's injuries, Akane goes alone to pursue Makishima. To her shock, she discovers her Dominator is useless against him as his Crime Coefficient levels are too low, with Makishima attributing his murderous intent to his own free will. He gives Akane the opportunity to try killing him with Senguji's shotgun, but she finds herself unable to do it and is forced to helplessly watch Makishima kill Yuki right before her eyes. In the end, Akane tells everyone that Makishima is immune to the Dominator.
1939	Psycho Pass	Devil's crossroad	Drama	9.0	Three years ago, Yayoi, a former guitarist, was institutionalized after she's detected as a latent criminal. As she anxiously waits for release so she can play the guitar again, she is approached by Kogami, who was still an Inspector, and Ginoza about a series of crimes occurring in the area she was once familiar with. She initially rejects their offer until Kogami gives her some guitar strings which reminded her of a guitarist she admired, Rina Takizaki. When the club they are investigating gets set on fire after Kogami's Enfocer partner Mitsuru Sasayama jumps the gun in approaching culprits dealing with Molotov Cocktails. Yayoi decides to search for Rina, only to discover she is part of a resistance group selling the Molotov cocktails in the hopes of overthrowing the Sybil System. Yayoi tries to stop Rina but finds she is unable to use the Dominator that Kogami gave her, as she was not actually an Enforcer yet, and Rina escapes. Afterwards, Yayoi resolves to become an Enforcer and leaves the rehabilitation center.
1939	Psycho Pass	Invitation from the Abyss	Drama	9.0	Ginoza meets up with the head of the Public Security Bureau, Joushuu Kasei, about Makishima, who confidentially reveals to him about the real culprit of the Specimen Case, Touma Kouzoburou, three years ago who happens to be "criminally asymptomatic" just like Makishima. She urges him to keep any doubts away from the public eye and orders him to capture Makishima. Following Yuki's funeral, Akane agrees to undergo a 'Memory Scoop' to provide a photofit of Makishima based on her memories of the incident, despite warnings from others that it may damage her Psycho-Pass. Despite reliving the traumatizing memory, the Memory Scoop is successfully completed without her Psycho-Pass reaching into dangerous levels, providing a photofit image of Makishima to aid in the investigation. Later, Ginoza discusses with Masaoka, who is actually his father, about how Akane manages to keep her Psycho-Pass from becoming clouded.
1939	Psycho Pass	Sweet Poison	Drama	9.0	A man in a helmet breaks into a pharmacy, kills the staff, and departs with drugs. When the MWSPB arrives on the scene, they find his Crime Coefficient was not high enough to set off the alarm. The same man attacks a woman in public, brutally beating her to death with a hammer in front of a crowd and a Psycho-Pass scanner. Later, the team learn that more culprits, wearing the same helmets, rob an armored car. Kogami deduces that the second crime would have a motive, leading their investigation to a man named Jyunmei Itoh who had a grudge against the victim. As Itoh attempts to escape, Kogami deduces that the helmets copy the low Crime Coefficients of innocent bystanders, thus help criminals avoid apprehension. With Akane and Masaoka's help, he apprehends the murderer.
1939	Psycho Pass	The Town Where Sulfur Falls	Drama	9.0	As footage of the helmet killings appear on the internet, the helmets are distributed to more criminals who begin committing more horrendous crimes out in the open, prompting bloodthirsty revenge from the public in the name of self-defense. As the MWPSB suppress the riots, Kogami deduces that the riots are intended to draw the police away from the Health and Welfare Ministry's Nona Tower facility, where the Sibyl System is located. As Makishima and his gang break in, Kogami, Akane and Shuusei head to the scene.
1939	Psycho Pass	The Gates of Judgment	Drama	9.0	As Akane, Kogami, and Shuusei enter the Nona Tower, Makishima intends to act as a diversion at the top of the tower while Guseong reaches the core of the Sibyl System in the hidden basement. Kogami and Akane decide to chase after Makishima to the top of the tower as Shuusei descends to the basement. After descending to the hidden basement, Shuusei has lost connection with the network and discovers the truth behind the Sibyl System. Meanwhile, Kogami engages in a battle with Makishima. Makishima beats Kogami but is knocked out by Akane. Kogami instructs Akane to kill Makishima but Akane was able to control her emotions. Meanwhile, Shuusei defeats the guards and confronts Guseong at the heart of the Sibyl System, who is suddenly killed by Kasei, who is revealed to be a cyborg and proceeds to override her Dominator to fire at Shuusei.
1939	Psycho Pass	Iron Guts	Drama	9.0	After Makishima is taken in and the riots are brought under control, Kogami remains curious about how Makishima will be judged, as well as the whereabouts of Shuusei. Later that day, Kasei tells Ginoza that Makishima's case has been taken out of the MWPSB's hands and orders him to investigate Shuusei's whereabouts, much to the ire of both Ginoza and Kogami. Later, Makishima is confronted by Kasei who reveals herself as Kouzoborou and shares a cybernetic body with Kasei. He explains to Makishima about the true nature of the Sybil System, which is revealed to be a supercomputer network composed of human brains of criminally asymptomatic individuals like him. Kouzoborou offers Makishima to become a part of the System. But he refuses and instead kills Kouzaborou and escapes from the transit which is supposed to take him to the Ministry of Welfare before briefly contacting Kogami about his escape
1939	Psycho Pass	Promises Written in Water	Drama	9.0	As Ginoza discovers that he is unauthorized to investigate the crash site of Makishima's carrier, Kasei reassigns him on recapturing Makishima and requests that Kogami should be taken off the case. Kogami suspects that something is amiss behind the whole order, believing there is something Kasei is hiding from them. Agreeing with him, Ginoza arranges for Kogami to be transferred to Division 2 who are in charge of investigating Shuusei's whereabouts. However, they are confronted by Kasei, who tries to get Ginoza to kill Kogami, but luckily Akane knocks him out with Paralyzer mode before anything can happen. Upon awakening, Kogami borrows one of the helmets from Shion and retrieves keys to a safehouse from Masaoka before leaving the MWPSB, explaining in a letter to Akane that the only way where he can stop Makishima is to step outside of the law.
1939	Psycho Pass	Transparent Shadows	Drama	9.0	Ginoza, whose Hue is now problematic, eschews intensive therapy in order to work on retrieving Kogami and Makishima. He argues with Masaoka over his "softness," and declares his intention to see his "obsession" through to the end. Kogami, meanwhile, goes to visit Saiga in order to figure out Makishima's next move; the two surmise that Makishima might attempt to meddle with Japan's food supply in order to force open borders for the country. Shion does her best to comfort Akane and Kasei connects with Sibyl to determine their new "pawn." Later, Akane is contacted by the Sybil System itself, declaring that it will tell her the truth about everything.
1939	Psycho Pass	Where Justice is Found	Drama	9.0	The Sibyl System reveals itself to Akane, claiming that she understands the necessity of the system, if not its justifiability, asking her for cooperation to apprehend Makishima alive. Makishima finds the professor who is responsible for the hyper-oats and murders him after finding the information he seeks, taking along the man's fingers and eyeballs as a measure against biometric security. Kogami arrives on the scene not long after and leaves a clue for the MWSPB in the man's airpipe. Meanwhile, Akane contacts Sibyl and convinces it to withdraw the execution order for Kogami, should she accomplishes its request to capture Makishima alive. Thanks to her detective work, they quickly find Kogami's clue and learns about the situation, as Makishima finally reaches his destination, with Kogami right on his trail.
1939	Psycho Pass	Blood-Stained Reward	Drama	9.0	As Makishima works on reprogramming the virus, both Kogami and the MWPSB arrive at the factory, with Kogami instructing Akane that they need to shut down power to the facility to bypass the security. Prior to arriving, Akane manages to convince the Sibyl System to keep her Dominator on Paralyzer mode with the safety unlocked regardless of Crime Coefficient to use as a trump card against Makishima and Kogami. After the power is shut down, Kogami sneaks into the facility whilst Akane and Yayoi head to the control room in case Makishima attempts to activate the emergency power. Finding the control room empty, Akane comes to realise that Ginoza and Masaoka are in danger. As Ginoza becomes trapped under a container after tripping up a trap, Masaoka comes face to face with Makishima. Although Masaoka appears to get the upper hand, Makishima threatens to blow Ginoza up with a stick of dynamite, with Masaoka ultimately sacrificing himself to save his son. As Ginoza remains horrified by his father's death, Kogami pursues Makishima and prepares to engage in a knife fight with him.
1939	Psycho Pass	Perfect World	Drama	9.0	Kogami manages to stab Makishima during their fight, but Akane interrupts their fight. Makishima escapes in a truck and Akane shoots out the wheels; Makishima crashes in a field. Kogami sets Akane aside and then pursues the heavily-bleeding Makishima. Resigned to his fate, Makishima kneels and waits for Kogami to execute him. Afterwards, the Sibyl System tells Akane that they intend to reveal themselves in the future where the public will come to accept it, though Akane responds that someone will pull their plug in the future. The system responds asking her to fight for a better future. In the succeeding two months, Ginoza becomes an Enforcer and visits his father's grave. Shion and Yayoi reflect on the changes in the MWSPB and a young new Inspector arrives on the scene. At the end of the episode, Kogami departs a small cabin room from an unspecified ship.
1939	Psycho Pass	The Scales of Justice	Drama	9.0	An explosion occurs in broad daylight and despite having no casualties, it brings the attention of the MWPSB. The police's investigation tracks the culprit as Akira Kitazawa, a demolitions expert whose career was staggered after it was confirmed that his Crime Coefficient tends to increase under pressure. Upon locating Kitazawa's hideout, Inspector Akane Tsunemori realizes that he is setting a trap for them and disobeys her orders to advance and confront him. Her assumptions are proven correct, and Kitazawa escapes, apparently taking a female hostage with him, which he soon after releases. Certain that the hostage is actually a hologram with another trap, Akane's unit keeps pursuing Kitazawa and upon cornering him, Akane notices that his Crime Coefficient is just a little over the minimum required for the Dominator to enter into execution mode and decides to calm him down instead of killing him. Her plan works and she knocks him out with the paralyzing mode when his Crime Coefficient drops to the non-lethal levels. Elsewhere, Inspector Mizue Shisui and her partner Enforcer Yamatoya are sent to follow the hologram, who is revealed to actually be a man. This man does not register on her Dominator, and he injects Inspector Shisui with some kind of drug that paralyzes her. He kisses her, then takes her hand and makes her use her Dominator to kill Yamatoya, leaving behind the message "WC?", written in blood.
1939	Psycho Pass	The Creeping Unknown	Drama	9.0	While trying to determine the meaning of the "WC?" message, Akane goes with Enforcer Sakuya Togane to interrogate Kitazawa, who claims that someone else helped keep his crime coefficient down and was responsible for the fake hostage, though another inspector, Aoyanagi, does not believe this to be true. Later, as Shion and Enforcer Sho Hinakawa learn that the fake hostage was an elaborately detailed hologram modeled after someone who died years ago, Kitazawa's crime-coefficient suddenly drops below that of a latent criminal, resulting in him being transferred to a general medical facility. Shortly afterwards, Akane discovers another "WC?" message scrawled in her apartment, before being alerted that Kitazawa had attacked Aoyanagi and escaped, believing that his claimed assistant was the one who set up his escape route. Kitazawa is cornered by Akane's group, uttering the name "Kamui" before he is eliminated by Aoyanagi, his last words leading Akane to realize that "WC?" actually stands for "What Color?".
1939	Psycho Pass	The Devil`s Proof	Drama	9.0	Somewhere, Shisui finds herself strapped to a chair with her Dominator pointed towards her, her eye taken by her kidnapper, Kirito Kamui. As her fear causes her Crime Coefficient to rise, Kamui uses a peculiar method to suddenly bring it back down. Meanwhile, Akane and the others investigate the message that had appeared in her apartment, with no evidence that someone had broken in, leading some to believe Akane may have done it herself. On their way back, Akane visits Jouji Saiga, who had turned himself in after helping out Kogami during a previous incident, for his thoughts on the case. Later, Akane speaks with Bureau Chief Joshu Kasei, who gives Division 1 authority to look into the case and tells her to be cautious of Togane. As Akane begins her investigation, her partner Mika Shimotsuki becomes distrusting of Akane's actions, arresting a man named Kotoku Masuda who claims to know Kamui. Meanwhile, Aoyanagi, who had been contacted by Shisui and told to go to a mental care facility, finds herself lured into a trap by someone who violently attacks her whilst still maintaining a low Crime Coefficient, also mentioning Kamui's name.
1939	Psycho Pass	The Salvation of Job	Drama	9.0	Akane attempts to interrogate Masuda about Kamui, but he claims not to know him. Meanwhile, in the medical facility, the man has his hostages stripped and starts killing them one by one to raise their stress levels, claiming to be a savior in the name of Kamui. Aoyanagi manages to retrieve her Dominator, but discovers the culprit is still below enforcement level while the hostages are above, claiming to have had "eustress deficiency", believed to be an urban legend. After having Saiga look at the equipment Masuda used prior to his arrest, Akane theorizes that Kamui is somewhere within the medical facility, believing that he is somehow able to use Dominators. When Division 3 is sent to take over from Mika's group, Aoyanagi manages to take the culprit by surprise and undo the locks. However, she and all the other hostages are killed by Division 3 as a result of their high Crime Coefficients, while the culprit is also executed after bidding farewell to Kamui, who had learned that inspectors can also be judged by Dominators. Arriving on the scene to find a bloodbath, Akane discovers what is left of Aoyanagi and yet another "WC?" message.
1939	Psycho Pass	Unforbidden Games	Drama	9.0	It is revealed that Kamui, who now has Shisui under his will, is using her eye in order to wield a Dominator. Meanwhile, as the MSWPB investigate the crime scene, Mika spots Togane checking up on Akane's Crime Coefficient. The next day, as new enforcers are brought in, both Division 1 and 3 are sent to investigate a drone warehouse, where Akane and Togane discover a hidden area behind a holographic wall, finding masks of people's faces and another WC? message. Just then, the drones in the factory start activating and shooting down innocent, unknowingly being controlled by people playing a "Hungry Chicken" mobile game. Meanwhile, as Jouji is tasked with interrogating Masuda, deducing from footage of his speeches that he is in fact a different person entirely, Mika investigates Togane's quarters and discovers an obsessive amount of files and photos of Akane.
1939	Psycho Pass	Those Who Cast Stones	Drama	9.0	Shion manages to determine the drones are being remotely controlled by unaware citizens playing the "Hungry Chicken" mobile game, which Akane believes to be connected to Kamui's messages. While Shion works to prevent the game from being spread any further, Akane realizes there is someone with a Dominator targeting enforcers that stray from their inspectors, learning that Kamui's true mission is to retrieve Dominators. Akane decides to pursue whoever is wielding the Dominators, managing to take out most of the drones by exploiting their weakness. When the game hacks into police drones instead, Shion and the other uses a program to hack into the game's cloud server and show all the players what they were really doing, despite Mika's objections that it would raise everyone's Crime Coefficient. Akane soon confronts Kamui, who escapes with Shisui when Akane prevents Togane from using a traditional gun against him.
1939	Psycho Pass	Untraceable Children	Drama	9.0	As Mika's group handles the aftermath of the incident, apprehending those that were still playing the game regardless, Akane tries to determine Kamui's motives behind obtaining Dominators, finding Togane to be a lot like her old partner, Shinya Kogami. After checking up on her grandmother, Akane confronts Kasei on why she hasn't deactivated Shisui's Dominator privileges, deducing that Kamui is someone that Sibyl has decided cannot be integrated into their network of brains. Meanwhile, Mika looks up Togane's background from files obtained from his computer, learning all of the inspectors he had previously worked with became latent criminals and were executed, unaware that Togane has found out she raided his room. As the group get together to examine evidence found in Kamui's hideout, Hinakawa discovers Kamui had used a hologram during the clinical incident which, along with the earlier hologram from the first incident, was also taken from a child who died in a plane accident 15 years ago, which the group discover Kamui was the only survivor of. Akane apprehends Yohei Masuzaki, a surgeon who previously operated on Kamui and is in cahoots with him, and has Saiga interrogate him, while Mika decides to investigate on her own after discovering the link to Masuzaki's medical files may be linked to Togane's corporation. After Hinakawa creates Holograms of all 185 victims of the plane crash, the group discover Kamui has dozens of followers right underneath their noses.
1939	Psycho Pass	Conception of the Oracle	Drama	9.0	Masuzaki explains to Saiga how Kamui received parts from the other 184 bodies in his surgery, including seven brains, resulting in him becoming someone who cannot be measured by the Psycho-Pass, going on to explain that Kamui's goal is to overturn the entire Sibyl System. Meanwhile, Mika, who had been investigating Togane Foundation's patent on the surgery, learns that Kamui had last accessed the file before her. Looking over Masuzaki's testimony, including how he killed people of influence and replaced them with imposters, Akane and the others deduce that all of the 184 holo victims are Kamui's personas, while the imposters that were used as replacements were illegal immigrants. Mika discovers the patents owned by the Togane Foundation were filed by Togane's mother, Misako, who died five years ago, believing Kamui's goal may be to get revenge against the Togane Foundation. Mika tries filing a report to Kasei have Akane dismissed from the MSWPB, feeling she is a danger to the operation. However, this turns out to be a trap laid out by Kasei, who is revealed to be Misako Togane herself, who decides to use her as a test subject and show her the truth behind Sibyl.
1939	Psycho Pass	Omnipotence Paradox	Drama	9.0	Having revealed the truth of the Sibyl System to Mika, with her hue remaining clear, Kasei and Togane, who was an artificially created human, decide to use her for the purpose of turning Akane's hue black. After eliminating Masuzaki, who knew too much about Kasei's identity, Togane tasks Mika with locating Akane's grandmother, Aoi. Meanwhile, Akane and the others learn of an official named Koichi Kuwashima, one of Kamui's friends who had escaped the plane accident, who at that time helps Kamui exact his revenge on a company who benefited from turning a blind eye to the incident. When Akane and the others arrive at the scene, which had already been set on fire, Kuwashima gives Akane a box containing Aoi's ear, angering her. As Saiga interrogate Kuwashima, Kamui starts making his next move by hijacking a subway train while Togane does something terrible to Aoi.
1939	Psycho Pass	Gauging the Soul	Drama	9.0	Kamui floods the subway in order to take 500 train passengers hostage, freely using the Dominators to try and spark an overload in the Sibyl System and access its bypass system. Meanwhile, Kasei orders Akane to assassinate Kamui by setting off a detonation that would kill all the hostages, using the news that Aoi has been found dead to drive her towards that goal. While hesitating over what she should do, Kogami appears in Akane's conscience, encouraging her to find another option that doesn't necessarily involve killing. Akane gets into contact with Kamui and then confronts Kasei, stating her desire to overcome her plans. While Kamui manages to stop the detonation and releases the hostages, Akane confronts Togane, having deduced his true nature and goal, before Kamui appears before them, preparing to fire his Dominator at Togane.
1939	Psycho Pass	What Color?	Drama	9.0	Akane subdues Togane before Kamui can shoot him, stating that even though she has lost many people close to her, she is still determined to protect the law. She leads Kamui to Sibyl, where they are confronted by Kasei. Asking Sibyl to reveal its true color, Kamui manages to expose Kasei/Misako Togane's Crime Coefficient and executes her. Akane leads Kamui to Sibyl's true form, where Sibyl acknowledges Kamui's existence and authorizes a collective Psycho-Pass, destroying some of its own brains to lower its own Crime Coefficient, before Akane arrests Kamui. Meanwhile, Shisui, pushed into a corner, attempts to set off the bombs but is stopped just in time by a long range paralyzer shot. Akane is instructed by Sybil to execute Kamui, and is once again confronted by Togane, who taunts her with Aoi's death to raise her Crime Coefficient. Kamui calms Akane down before sacrificing himself in order to shoot Togane. Togane flees, but dies from his injuries after being found by Mika, who couldn't bring herself to execute him and keeps the secret of her betrayal to herself.
1940	Kekkai Sensen	Kekkai Sensen	Action	none	A breach between Earth and the netherworlds has opened up over the city of New York, trapping New Yorkers and creatures from other dimensions in an impenetrable bubble. They've lived together for years, in a world of crazy crime sci-fi sensibilities. Now someone is threatening to sever the bubble, and a group of stylish superhumans is working to keep it from happening.
1942	Junketsu No Maria	Junketsu No Maria	Comedy	none	In the midst of the Hundred Years' War lives teenage witch Maria. Hating war in all its forms, Maria interferes in battle after battle—ensuring no victory on either side. But when the heavens themselves have had enough of Maria's meddling, the angels decree that she may no longer use magic in public; and should she ever lose her virginity, she will lose her magic powers completely.
1943	Saenai Heroine no Sodatekata	Saenai Heroine no Sodatekata	Comedy	none	One day on his way home, hardcore otaku Tomoya encounters a beautiful girl in a scene seemingly torn directly out of a dating simulation game. Inspired, he decides to create his own dating sim based around this girl. There is just one problem: In reality the girl, Megumi, is normal and rather boring—nothing like the heroine of his imagination.
1944	Yatterman Night	Yatterman Night	Comedy	none	When ten-year-old Leopard's mother gets sick, Leopard tries to get medicine from the prosperous Yatter Kingdom—only to be shot at by the supposedly heroic Yatterman. As she grieves over her mother's death, she discovers her legacy: Her ancestors were the age old enemies of the Yatterman and the villains of countless stories. But if the Yatterman are actually the evil ones, Leopard decides, then perhaps the stories were wrong and her ancestors were the heroes. Thus, Leopard sets off with her two companions—vowing to teach the Yatterman the error of their ways by giving them the forehead flicking they so richly deserve.
1945	Fate/Stay Night	Fate/Stay Night	Action	8.0	Raised by a mysterious sorcerer after the horrific death of his parents, Shiro Emiya has only just begun to help others using the small tidbits of magic that he's learned. However, when he's suddenly caught in a battle between two more powerful Magus, Shiro finds himself performing a spell above his expected ability, summoning the beautiful spirit warrior Saber to protect him! But safety is only momentary as Shiro and Saber now find themselves thrust into in a secret world of dark magic and deadly challenges: a no-holds barred duel to the death known as the Holy Grail War! At stake: a prize of unimaginable power. But can the inexperienced Shiro and Saber survive long enough to even enter the contest? First they'll have to withstand waves of treachery and assassination, even as Shiro scrambles to learn everything he'll need to know to stay alive as seven teams of Magus and Spirit Servants face off in mortal combat! The ultimate game of death and magic unfolds as the Holy War erupts in FATE / STAY NIGHT!
1946	Fate/Stay Night: Unlimited Blade Works	Fate/Stay Night: Unlimited Blade Works	Action	none	Fate/Stay Night: Unlimited Blade Works follows seven mages paired with seven legendary heroes from across history all battling it out for the ultimate prize: the wish-granting holy grail.
1947	The Mighty Boosh	The Mighty Boosh	Comedy	8.0	Come with us now on a journey through time and space... to the world of The Mighty Boosh... Written by and starring Noel Fielding and Julian Barratt, The Mighty Boosh is an off-the-wall adventure based on their Perrier Award-winning comedy show. The Mighty Boosh is a show about two zoo keepers, Howard Moon and Vince Noir, who work at "The Zoo-niverse", a dilapidated but magical zoo. It is run by Bob Fossil, a demented American with a military disposition. Vince is a regular 'Mowgli in flares', due to his affinity with animals and adoration for all things Seventies. Howard likes to think he is more the brains of their zoo-keeping outfit, destined for better things. Each week they get involved in a different adventure. Whether they end up in the Arctic tundra or monkey hell they somehow always manage to get back to the zoo intact...
1948	Noel Fielding's Luxury Comedy	Noel Fielding's Luxury Comedy	Comedy	none	The co-creator of The Mighty Boosh is back and this time he's taken it to another level. Noel Fielding's Luxury Comedy is a psychedelic character based comedy show half filmed and half animated, with music provided by Kasabian‘s Sergio Pizzorno.
1949	Garth Marenghi's Darkplace	Garth Marenghi's Darkplace	Comedy	8.5	Garth Marenghi's Darkplace is the brainchild of celebrated horror writer and self-styled "fabulist" Garth Marenghi, author of such genre classics as Afterbirth (a mutated placenta attacks Bristol) and Crab! ("One of the three best horror books about crabs I've ever read" - Hard Gore Magazine). Back in the 1980s, he branched out into television production, writing and starring in a series so radical, so scary and so downright crazy that when the bosses of Channel 4 saw what they had on their hands, they ran away screaming, like little girls. Only now, twenty years on and amid the worst programming drought in television history, have the station finally allowed the show on the air. Intercut with new interviews with Marenghi himself and his co-stars Dean Learner and Todd Rivers, Garth Marenghi's Darkplace is perhaps the most disturbing vision of hospital life ever broadcast.
1949	Garth Marenghi's Darkplace	The Creeping Moss from the Shores of Shuggoth	Comedy	8.5	Dr Sanchez's life is in danger from a patient with a fairly bad cosmic broccoli infection. It's down to Dr Rick Dagless, MD to save his buddy - and the world. Or if all else fails, come up with a delicious way of using excess broccoli. It won't come to that, though.
1950	Look Around You	Look Around You	Comedy	7.0	Look around you. Look around you. Just look around you. What do you see? A tree. A weather-vane. A discarded lollipop-wrapper. A traffic shop. All of these things, and any other things you may care to mention, have one thing in common. Can you work out what it is? The first series of this British comedy show, filmed in 2002, was a send-up of the earnest programmes for schools made in the 1960s and 1970s. The second series (2005) is a friendlier spoof of the BBC's own slightly wacky 'Tomorrow's World' programme (1965-2002), and it gives a view from somewhere around 1982 of what life might be like in the early 21st century. The new series is again written by Robert Popper and Peter Serafinowicz and consists of six thirty-minute shows, a big improvement on the ten-minute format of the first series. The new episodes are all wonderfully daft... Remember to have your jotter and your copy book handy!
1950	Look Around You	Live Final	Comedy	7.0	The Look Around You Invention of the Year Award comes to you live from BBC Television Centre in Shepherd's Bush, London. Six leading inventors are in the studio hoping to take the big trophy. The finalists include the team behind a machine which can change your sex in minutes, and it will be tested live on the show.HRH Prince Charles will be announcing the winner and awarding the grand prize, always supposing he is not busy somewhere else...
1952	Snuff Box	Snuff Box	Comedy	7.0	Both actors use their real names for their main characters. Berry plays a hangman ("High Executioner to the King of England"), and Fulcher his assistant. The majority of the programme is set in a "gentlemen's club for hangmen", although the show is also interspersed with sequences of sketches, often featuring different characters.
1953	Dexter's Laboratory	Dexter's Laboratory	Comedy	9.3	Deep in the depths of his secret laboratory, boy genius Dexter computes, experiments, invents and builds incredible creations like mom robots, interdimensional portals, talking animals, brain replacements and stealth dodgeball devices, until his ditzy sister Dee Dee ruins his overly-executed plans … if only he could fit her into a test tube!
1954	Sym-Bionic Titan	Sym-Bionic Titan	Action	8.0	Sym-Bionic Titan follows the lives of Ilana, Lance and Octus, three alien teens that crash-land on Earth while attempting to escape an evil General who has taken over their home planet, Galaluna. Ilana, princess of Galaluna, Lance, a rebellious but capable soldier, and Octus, a bio-cybernetic robot, must now blend into everyday life in Sherman, Illinois. Posing as high school students, Lance and Octus work to conceal Princess Ilana from General Modula and his hideous space mutants sent to harm the sole royal heir of Galaluna. This motley trio makes a real effort to navigate high school life, all while saving the planet and themselves from an onslaught of inter-galactic attacks. When called into battle, Octus activates the sym-bionic defense program and Ilana, Lance and Octus come together to form the spectacular cyber-giant Sym-Bionic Titan.
1955	The Powerpuff Girls	The Powerpuff Girls	Action	8.7	The Powerpuff Girls is an award-winning animated action series about three super-powered little girls Bubbles, Blossom and Buttercup with one very big mission: saving the world before bedtime.
1956	Courage The Cowardly Dog	Courage The Cowardly Dog	Adventure	7.2	The things he does for love! Welcome to the middle of Nowhere, Kansas. Population: one kind old lady, one crabby old man, one timid dog and all sorts of creepy creatures, scary monsters and crazed villains! It's a living nightmare for poor Courage, who faces these unthinkable dangers with his body shaking and his tail between his legs. But Courage loves his sweet Muriel and grumpy Eustace, so he digs deep to find the strength to save his beloved family from deadly weremoles, dark shadows and other sinister elements that pop up all over this terrifying town. With clever nods to classic horror films, this action-packed animated series keeps laughs and scares coming as Courage outwits evil with his singular brand of bravery.
1957	Superman: The Animated Series	Superman: The Animated Series	Action	8.0	Superman battles evil while trying to conceal his alter ego, Clark Kent.
1958	China, IL	China, IL	Family	none	Class is officially back in session at the University of China, IL, the worst college in America. China, IL will return in April with more laughs, more absurd situations and a less education than ever! In its third season, the faculty will continue to provide absolutely no instructive growth for the University's students, thus prolonging both graduation and our delight in the chance to drink.
1959	Superjail!	Superjail!	Comedy	1.0	The warden is back and the death toll at Superjail continues to rise at an impressive rate! Complete with fist fights galore, baffling love triangles, and psychedelic animation that will melt your face off.
1961	Line of Fire	Line of Fire	Drama	none	A unique show from creator Rod Lurie about the life of the mob and the FBI. While the mob boss, Jonah Malloy (David Paymer) is trying to run his business away from the interference of the FBI, the FBI is trying everything to bring down his terror team. What Malloy doesn't know is that he has a FBI undercover, Roy Ravelle (Anson Mount), working for him. Lisa Cohen (Leslie Hope) heads the FBI team, which also include Paige Van Doren (Leslie Bibb), who recently lost her husband on 9/11.
1962	Missing	Missing	Drama	6.0	Vivica Fox stars as an FBI agent who finds missing people with her new partner, a young psychic.
1963	Threshold	Threshold	Drama	8.0	The suspense drama focuses on a team of experts who, after a strange phenomenon is discovered, must try to thwart the possible global threats that stem from it. Dr. Molly Anne Caffrey (Gugino) is a government contingency analyst whose job is to devise response plans for worst-case scenarios. In a single instant, her life changes when one of those plans -- THRESHOLD -- is activated by Deputy National Security Advisor J.T. Baylock (Dutton). Armed only with her hypothetical strategy to address an unprecedented occurrence, Caffrey now finds herself thrust in the midst of a global crisis. Now, to help her investigation, Dr. Caffrey hand-picks a team of eclectic specialists to help execute her plan: Dr. Nigel Fenway (Spiner), a disillusioned NASA microbiologist; Lucas Pegg (Benedict), a brilliant but neurotic physicist; Arthur Ramsey (Dinklage), an expert in languages and mathematics who has a penchant for unpredictability, women and alcohol; and Cavennaugh (Van Holt), a highly trained covert operative with a mysterious past. Together, they are in a race against the clock to identify the source of the threat that could strike at any time, anywhere and to anyone.
1964	Kiseijuu	Kiseijuu	Action	none	One day, high school boy Shinichi wakes up to find that his hand has been possesses by a talking alien parasite Although he and his parasite are able to form a reluctant symbiotic relationship of sorts, the other parasites on Earth have taken over their hosts' bodies completely. Moreover, there are brutal murders happening all across the country. And while the police are baffled as they look for a killer, Shinichi is the only one who knows the truth: It's not a serial killer. It's the parasites feeding on human flesh.
1965	Shingeki no Bahamut Genesis	Shingeki no Bahamut Genesis	Action	none	Favaro is a bounty hunter only concerned with catching his target, blowing the reward money on a night of debauchery, and then doing it all again. However, one night in his drunken boasting, he attracts the attention of Amira, a girl who has recently stolen one half of the key needed to free the most destructive force the world has ever known—the dragon Bahamut. Now Favaro's life is a bit more complicated as he finds himself cursed to travel with Amira as the minions of heaven and hell hunt them across the world.
1966	Shirobako	Shirobako	Drama	none	Back in high school, five friends were in the animation club together. Now they each work (or are in the process of breaking into) the anime industry. One is a production assistant, one a key animator, one a 3D animator, one a voice actor, and one an aspiring script writer. But their lives are far more hectic than the days they spent making anime together as students.
1967	American Ninja Warrior	American Ninja Warrior	Drama	9.0	The action-packed series follows competitors as they tackle a series of challenging obstacle courses in both qualifying and finals rounds across the country. Those that successfully complete a course in their designated region move on to the national finals round in Las Vegas, where they face a stunning four-stage course modeled after the famed Mt. Midoriyama in Japan. Matt Iseman serves as host, along with former NFL player Akbar Gbaja Biamila (NFL Network).
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Finals	Drama	9.0	Picking up from last night's episode on G4, top finishers from the NBC regional finals tackle the ultimate challenge - a four stage course modeled after the famed 'Mount Midoriyama' course in Japan. Tonight's competitors take on Stage 1, a punishing 8 obstacle course that includes a Jumping Spider, Half Pipe Attack and Spinning Bridge. Only the competitors skilled enough to conquer all 8 obstacles will move onto Stage 2. Comedian Matt Iseman and Olympic Gold Medalist Jonny Moseley host and Angela Sun ("Yahoo! Sports Minute") reports from the sidelines as the competitors continue in their quest for the $500,000 cash prize and the chance to win the first "American Ninja Warrior" title.
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Venice Beach Finals	Drama	9.0	"American Ninja Warrior" travels back to Venice, California where the top 30 competitors from the Venice Qualifier tackle the Venice Finals course and 4 new obstacles: the infamous Salmon Ladder and never-before-seen obstacles the Rope Maze, The Cliffhanger and the Spider Climb.
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Baltimore Finals	Drama	9.0	"American Ninja Warrior" travels back to Baltimore, Maryland for the Baltimore Finals course, where competitors tackle ten obstacles including the Rumbling Dice and Body Prop. The Baltimore competitors will vie for a chance to compete in the Las Vegas finals, to win a cash prize of $500,000 and the title of "American Ninja Warrior.".
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Miami Finals	Drama	9.0	"American Ninja Warrior" travels back to Miami, Florida where the top 30 competitors from the Miami Qualifier tackle the Miami Finals course and 2 new obstacles: the Ledge Jump and the Rolling Steel. The Miami competitors will vie for a chance to compete in the Las Vegas finals and to win a cash prize of $500,000 and the title of "American Ninja Warrior.".
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Denver Finals	Drama	9.0	"American Ninja Warrior" travels back to Denver, Colorado where the top 30 competitors from the Denver Qualifier tackle the Denver Finals course and 2 new obstacles: the Floating Stairs and the Pole Grasper. The Denver competitors will vie for a chance to compete in the Las Vegas finals and to win a cash prize of $500,000 and the title of "American Ninja Warrior.".
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Vegas Finals	Drama	9.0	"American Ninja Warrior" travels to Las Vegas, Nevada where the top finishers from the regional finals tackle the ultimate challenge - a four stage course modeled after 'Mount Midoriyama' in Japan. Competitors will attempt Stage 1 which includes three brand new obstacles: the Giant Cycle, Rope Glider, and the Timbers. The finalists will vie to win a cash prize of $500,000 and the title of "American Ninja Warrior.".
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Dallas Qualifying	Drama	9.0	"American Ninja Warrior" travels to Dallas, Texas where competitors tackle ten obstacles including the brand new Tilting Table, Ring Toss and Swinging Frames. Olympic gymnast Johnny Horton and Olympic bobsledder Johnny Quinn will compete along with "American Ninja Warrior" veteran Brent Steffenson. Kacy Catanzaro, girlfriend of Steffenson, returns as one of the strongest women in the competition. Competitors in this rigorous obstacle course competition series vie for a chance to win a cash prize of $500,000 and the title "American Ninja Warrior."
1967	American Ninja Warrior	St. Louis Qualifying	Drama	9.0	- "American Ninja Warrior" travels to St. Louis, Missouri where competitors face new obstacles the Rope Junction Into Cargo, Double Tilted Ladder and Crazy Cliffhanger. X-Games gold medalist Kevin Robinson, motorcycle racer Dominic Anderson and "Ghost Adventures" host Nick Groff compete. Former Olympic gymnast turned police officer, Terin Humphrey, returns for another shot at completing the course. Competitors in this rigorous obstacle course competition series vie for a chance to win a cash prize of $500,000 and the title "American Ninja Warrior."
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Miami Qualifying	Drama	9.0	Miami, Florida is the next stop for competitors to give it their all on the obstacle course. They will face all new obstacles the Dancing Stones, the Downhill Pipe Drop and the Mine Field. Miami is never short of fierce competition. Former Las Vegas Finalists Joyce Shahboz, Drew Drechsel and David "Flip" Rodriguez return. Wakeboard champions Rusty Malinoski and Shaun Murray compete as well as former professional Baseball player Rich Thompson. Two Olympians will attempt the Miami obstacles, Canoeist Fabien Lafevre and luger Preston Griffall. Competitors will vie for a chance to win a cash prize of $500,000 and the title "American Ninja Warrior."
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Denver Qualifying	Drama	9.0	The qualifying rounds conclude in Denver, Colorado where competitors tackle two never before seen obstacles, the Cat Grab and Doorknob Grasper. This round will be the last opportunity to qualify for the finals in Las Vegas and a shot at winning the cash prize of $500,000. The show's most notable competitor, Brian Arnold, returns to the course. MMA fighter Michelle Waterson competes along with Harlem Globetrotter Bull Bullard and BMX champion Morgan Wade. Also tackling the course is Drew Manning, author of the New York Times best seller "Fit2Fat2Fit." Competitors in this rigorous obstacle course competition series will vie for the title "American Ninja Warrior."
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Dallas Finals	Drama	9.0	"American Ninja Warrior" travels back to Dallas, Texas where the top 30 competitors from the Dallas Qualifier tackle the Dallas Finals course. They will face the Salmon Ladder, Swinging Frames, Pole Grasper and Spider Climb. The Dallas competitors will vie for a chance to compete in the Las Vegas finals, to win a cash prize of $500,000 and the title of "American Ninja Warrior."
1967	American Ninja Warrior	St. Louis Finals	Drama	9.0	"American Ninja Warrior" travels back to St. Louis, Missouri where the top 30 competitors from the St. Louis Qualifier tackle the St. Louis Finals course. They will face the Salmon Ladder, Rumbling Dice, Crazy Cliffhanger and Spider Climb. The St. Louis competitors will vie for a chance to compete in the Las Vegas finals, to win a cash prize of $500,000 and the title of "American Ninja Warrior."
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Best Runs of the Season	Drama	9.0	American Ninja Warrior recaps the best runs of the season.
1967	American Ninja Warrior	National Finals In Vegas	Drama	9.0	"American Ninja Warrior" travels to Las Vegas, Nevada where the top finishers from the regional finals tackle the ultimate challenge - a four stage course modeled after 'Mount Midoriyama' in Japan. Competitors will attempt Stage One, with new obstacles the Piston Road and Silk Slider. The finalists will vie to win a cash prize of $500,000 and the title of "American Ninja Warrior."
1967	American Ninja Warrior	USA vs. the World	Drama	9.0	NBC will present its second annual "American Ninja Warrior" international competition with a three-hour special, "USA vs. the World." Five of the top competitors from "American Ninja Warrior" will go head-to-head against competitors from Japan and from Europe in a high-stakes competition on the show's famed four-stage finals course.
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Kansas City Qualifying	Drama	9.0	"American Ninja Warrior" travels to Kansas City, Missouri where competitors face new obstacles the Big Dipper, Floating tiles and Stretch Hold. "American Ninja Warrior" veteran, and first woman ever to complete the Jumping Spider in last season's National Finals, Meagan Martin returns, while Brian Arnold and the Denver rock climbing team dubbed the "Wolfpack" will also be making a comeback. Competitors in this rigorous obstacle course competition series vie for a chance to win a cash prize of $1,000,000 and the title "American Ninja Warrior."
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Houston Qualifying	Drama	9.0	"American Ninja Warrior" travels to Houston, Texas where competitors tackle six obstacles including the brand new Tilting Slider, Cargo Crossing and The Swinging Spikes. "American Ninja Warrior" veterans Brent Steffensen and Sam Sann return along with season six breakout star and fan-favorite Kacy Catanzaro. Competitors in this rigorous obstacle course competition series vie for a chance to win a cash prize of $1,000,000 and the title "American Ninja Warrior."
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Orlando Qualifying	Drama	9.0	Orlando, Florida is the next stop for competitors to give it their all on the "American Ninja Warrior" obstacle course, this time from the grounds of the Universal Orlando Resort. There they will face several new obstacles, including the Paddle Boards and Tire Swing. Veteran competitors, including pro-wakeboarder Sean Murray, William "Spartan" Brown and rivals Flip Rodriguez & Drew Dreschel, return. Competitors will vie for a chance to win a cash prize of $1,000,000 and the title "American Ninja Warrior."
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Pittsburgh Qualifying	Drama	9.0	A qualifying round in Pittsburgh features the Snake Crossing and Wind Chimes obstacles.
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Military Qualifying	Drama	9.0	The qualifying rounds continue with a very special all-military cast competing on the pier in San Pedro, California in front of the historic battleship USS Iowa. Competitors, including both active duty and retired military members, will tackle the six stage city qualifying course featuring two never-before-seen obstacles - the Log Runner and the challenging I-Beam Cross. Former Army National Guard Caption and six-time "American Ninja Warrior" veteran Ryan Stratis and active Navy Lieutenant Junior Grade Dustin McKinney return for another shot at the course. This round will be the last of the city qualifying rounds before the show heads to the city finals rounds. Contestants in this competition series will vie for a grand prize of $1,000.000 and the title "American Ninja Warrior."
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Venice Finals	Drama	9.0	"American Ninja Warrior" travels back to Venice, California where the top 30 competitors from the Venice Qualifier tackle the Venice Finals course. In addition to the obstacles from the Venice Qualifier, contestants will face the Salmon Ladder, Rumbling Dice, Clear Climb and Invisible Ladder. Top competitors Kevin Bull, Nicholas Coolridge and Jessie Graff will take on the course. The Venice competitors will vie for a chance to compete in the Las Vegas finals, to win a cash prize of $1,000,000 and the title of "American Ninja Warrior."
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Kansas City Finals	Drama	9.0	"American Ninja Warrior" travels back to Kansas City, Missouri where the top 30 competitors from the Kansas City Qualifier tackle the Kansas City Finals course. In addition to the obstacles from the Kansas City Qualifier, contestants will face the Salmon Ladder, Flying Shelf Grab, Body Prop and Invisible Ladder. Top competitors and fan-favorites Meagan Martin, Brian Arnold and Michael Stanger will take on the course. The Kansas City competitors will vie for a chance to compete in the Las Vegas finals, to win a cash prize of $1,000,000 and the title of "American Ninja Warrior."
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Houston Finals	Drama	9.0	"American Ninja Warrior" travels back to Houston, Texas where the top 30 competitors from the Houston Qualifier tackle the Houston Finals course. In addition to the obstacles from the Houston Qualifier, contestants will face the Salmon Ladder, Walking Bar, Crazy Cliffhanger and Invisible Ladder. Top competitors and fan-favorites Brent Steffensen, Sam Sann and Daniel Gil will take on the course. The Houston competitors will vie for a chance to compete in the Las Vegas finals, to win a cash prize of $1,000,000 and the title of "American Ninja Warrior."
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Orlando Finals	Drama	9.0	"American Ninja Warrior" travels back to Orlando, Florida's Universal Orlando Resort where the top 30 competitors from the Orlando Qualifier tackle the Orlando Finals course. In addition to the obstacles from the Orlando Qualifier, contestants will face the Salmon Ladder, Cannonball Alley, Helix Hang and Invisible Ladder. Top competitors Flip Rodriguez, Drew Dreschel and Shaun Murray will take on the course. The Orlando competitors will vie for a chance to compete in the Las Vegas finals, to win a cash prize of $1,000,000 and the title of "American Ninja Warrior." Matt Iseman and Akbar Gbajabiamila host as Kristine Leahy co-hosts.
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Pittsburgh Finals	Drama	9.0	"American Ninja Warrior" travels back to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where the top 30 competitors from the Pittsburgh Qualifier tackle the Pittsburgh Finals course. In addition to the obstacles from the Pittsburgh Qualifier, contestants will face Salmon Ladder, Floating Monkey Bars, Door Knob Arch and Invisible Ladder. Top competitors Elet Hall, Michael Bernardo, Joe Moravsky and Michelle Warnky will take on the course. The Pittsburgh competitors will vie for a chance to compete in the Las Vegas finals, to win a cash prize of $1,000,000 and the title of "American Ninja Warrior."
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Military Finals	Drama	9.0	"American Ninja Warrior" travels back to San Pedro, California where the top 30 competitors from the Military Qualifier tackle the Military Finals course. In addition to the obstacles from the Military Qualifier, contestants will face Salmon Ladder, Arm Rings, Doorknob Arch and Spider Climb. Top competitors Army National Guard Caption Ryan Stratis, active Navy Lieutenant Junior Grade Dustin McKinney and Coast Guard Aviation Survival Technician Robin Pietschmann will take on the course. The Military competitors will vie for a chance to compete in the Las Vegas finals, to win a cash prize of $1,000,000 and the title of "American Ninja Warrior."
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Best Runs Of 2015	Drama	9.0	Re-live the best moments from the season so far during this original, jam-packed special chronicling the best runs of this season. Matt Iseman and Akbar Gbajabiamila host as Kristine Leahy co-hosts.
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Vegas Finals	Drama	9.0	The city finalists make their way to Las Vegas and tackle stage 1 of the infamous Mount Midoriyama.
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Vegas Finals (2)	Drama	9.0	The remaining city finishers take on the first stage of the Las Vegas finals, hoping to make their way up the infamous Mount Midoriyama.
1967	American Ninja Warrior	Vegas Finals (3)	Drama	9.0	The 38 finalists who made it past Stage 1 in Las Vegas take their turn on the next stages to see if one will become the first to defeat Mount Midoriyama and take home the million dollar prize.
1968	Bullseye	Bullseye	Family	8.0	BULLSEYE will challenge four men and four women to test their bodies and brains in three ultimate challenges that ask nothing more than for them to hit the BULLSEYE - literally. Comedian Godfrey ("The Godfrey Complex") will serve as co-host. BULLSEYE's fierce "weekend warriors" will participate in three levels of extraordinary challenges, all of which involve using their bodies like human darts to hit targets - on land, sea and air. As the rounds advance in this fun-for-the-family summer series, only those with the sharpest aim move forward. The first challenge finds the eight competitors vying to hit the center of a stationary target while leaping from a moving 18-wheeler, being pulled by a helicopter or acting as a human slingshot being projected hundreds of feet through the air. In round two, the remaining four competitors - two men and two women - race to hit as many targets as possible. These competitors may be aiming for targets while descending down a building or jumping between two racing speedboats. In the third and final challenge, the remaining three competitors race against the clock to conquer the ultimate test and hit the final BULLSEYE.
1968	Bullseye	Bullseye Buggy Jump	Family	8.0	In the new ultimate challenge competition BULLSEYE, host Kellan Lutz and co-host Godfrey welcome eight contestants as they participate in three levels of extraordinary challenges, all of which involve using their bodies like human darts. At the end of the night, the contestant who comes out on top will win $50,000.
1968	Bullseye	Runaway Train	Family	8.0	Host Kellan Lutz and co-host Godfrey welcome eight new contestants as they participate in three levels of extraordinary challenges, all of which involve using their bodies like human darts. At the end of the night, the contestant who comes out on top will go home with $50,000.
1968	Bullseye	Bullseye Bumper Cars	Family	8.0	Host Kellan Lutz and co-host Godfrey welcome eight new contestants as they participate in three levels of extraordinary challenges, all of which involve using their bodies like human darts. At the end of the night, the contestant who comes out on top will go home with $50,000.
1968	Bullseye	Jet Ski Jamboree	Family	8.0	Host Kellan Lutz and co-host Godfrey welcome eight new contestants as they participate in three levels of extraordinary challenges, all of which involve using their bodies like human darts. At the end of the night, the contestant who comes out on top will go home with $50,000.
1968	Bullseye	Defying Gravity	Family	8.0	Host Kellan Lutz and co-host Godfrey welcome eight new contestants as they participate in the Drift Car, Defying Gravity, and Puppetmaster challenges, all of which involve using their bodies like human darts. At the end of the night, the contestant that comes out on top will go home with $50,000.
1968	Bullseye	Corkscrewed	Family	8.0	Contestants participate in Bullseye Car Roll, Semi Spin and Corkscrewed, all of which involve them using their bodies like darts.
1968	Bullseye	Super Soakers	Family	8.0	Host Kellan Lutz and co-host Godfrey welcome eight new contestants as they participate in the Crane Swing, Go Kart Smash and Super Soaker challenges, all of which involve using their bodies like human darts. At the end of the night, the contestant who comes out on top will go home with $50,000.
1968	Bullseye	Zip Timeline	Family	8.0	Host Kellan Lutz and co-host Godfrey welcome eight new contestants as they participate in the Center Spin, Truck-to-Truck, and Zip Timeline challenges, all of which involve using their bodies like human darts. At the end of the night, the contestant who comes out on top will go home with $50,000.
1969	Becoming Us	Becoming Us	Drama	none	The groundbreaking new unscripted drama series "Becoming Us" (formerly known as "My Transparent Life") centers on a teenager named Ben who is learning to live with his dad becoming a woman. The series will follow Ben, his family and his friends as they support one another through this unexpected journey and navigate their new world with Charlie now living as Carly. The show is a generational story of a loving family and circle of friends supporting one another through this unfamiliar situation.
1969	Becoming Us	#WelcomeToMyWorld	Drama	none	Ben struggles in school and goes on a strange shopping trip with his girlfriend and their dads in the series premiere of this reality show about a teenager who learns to deal with big changes in his life as his father becomes a woman.
1969	Becoming Us	#FalloutBoy	Drama	none	In "#FallOutBoy," Ben is trying to figure out his feelings and distances himself from those who care about him, leaving them frustrated. Hoping to help him understand what's going on, Danielle's family invites Ben to dinner. Carly turns to Suzy for help in getting Ben to respond. Hoping to get Ayton and Lathan to bond, Brook sets up an outing for everyone, including Ben and Danielle. Meanwhile, Sutton and Carly go shopping for her wedding registry.
1969	Becoming Us	#IntotheWild	Drama	none	In "#IntoTheWild," in an effort to show Ben they can still enjoy the things they used to, Carly takes Ben and his friends camping - with no cell phones. The lack of distraction leads to some honest conversations and painful revelations. Brook and Lathan argue over their different recollections of their childhood. And Sutton's fiancé, Kevin, comes to town to help with the wedding planning. Meanwhile, Carly gives Ben a driving lesson.
1969	Becoming Us	#Heart2Heart	Drama	none	In "#Heart2Heart," Lathan is excited about a new relationship and bonds with Carly. Ben is still struggling in school, and Carly tries to figure out why. Ben and Ayton decide to start a t-shirt design business. Meanwhile, Danielle helps her dad set up an online dating profile and tries to figure out what's happening in her relationship with Ben.
1969	Becoming Us	#RulesOfEngagement	Drama	none	In "#RulesOfEngagement," Sutton and Kevin are having an engagement party and introducing Carly to Kevin's parents. In addition to meeting Kevin's family, Carly is also nervous because Suzy's family will be in town for the party, and there is still awkwardness from the divorce. Ben and Ayton continue working on their t-shirt business, and Ben thinks Sutton's engagement party could be a good place to find investors. Meanwhile, Sutton's engagement party and bridal shower make Danielle examine her relationship with Ben.
1969	Becoming Us	#LoveHurts	Drama	none	In "#LoveHurts", Ben is wondering about the state of his relationship with Danielle and turns to Carly for advice. Brook and Ayton come to a crossroads in their relationship, leading Ayton to throw himself into the t-shirt business. Meanwhile, Suzy heads to New York with Sutton for wedding planning and questions Carly's role at the wedding - leaving Sutton torn.
1969	Becoming Us	#TheLetter	Drama	none	In "#TheLetter," Ben and Sutton are apprehensive when Carly invites them over for a very important dinner. But she wants to explain why she transitioned and reads them a heartfelt letter detailing her feelings. Emilia inspires Ben to pursue a gallery showing of his photography. Suzy bonds with Danielle's mom, Mandy, over their shared experience. Meanwhile, Danielle helps her dad prepare for a date.
1969	Becoming Us	#AlltheTrimmings	Drama	none	In "#AllTheTrimmings," at Thanksgiving Ben and Suzy are in New York with Sutton and the rest of Suzy's family while Carly heads out of town for surgery. Suzy makes her feelings known to Sutton about Carly attending the wedding, leading Sutton to turn to her grandfather for advice. Meanwhile, Lathan's significant other comes to town.
1969	Becoming Us	#Blindsided	Drama	none	In "#Blindsided," Ben welcomes Carly home from her recent surgery and starts to put together his first gallery show with the help of Emilia. Feeling in a good place, Ben is overwhelmed by an unexpected medical emergency that sends everyone reeling. Sutton and Kevin deal with devastating news and wonder what to do next. Lathan takes a major step in his relationship with Chris. And Danielle finds out surprising news about Ben.
1969	Becoming Us	#EveryPictureTellsAStory	Drama	none	In "#EveryPictureTellsAStory," Ben's gallery show is finally here, and he invites Danielle to attend, but she feels awkward since his new girlfriend will also be there. Sutton and Kevin's wedding day is closely approaching, but there is still a question of whether Carly will be able to attend. Sallydan has an announcement for Danielle and Mandy.
1971	Why? With Hannibal Buress	Why? With Hannibal Buress	Comedy	none	For those intrigued by life's curiosities, Comedy Central and comedian Hannibal Buress will give you the answers! The #1 brand in comedy has greenlit eight episodes of the weekly, half-hour series, "Why? With Hannibal Buress", it was announced by Kent Alterman, President, Content Development and Original Programming, Comedy Central. "Hannibal keeps asking us 'why' so we just told him to go find out and we'll air it," said Alterman. "I'm extremely excited to help Comedy Central sell advertising," said Buress. Executive produced by Buress, Jeff Stilson ("The Chris Rock Show" and "Da Ali G Show") and Dave Becky of 3 Arts Entertainment, "Why? With Hannibal Buress," celebrates Buress' hilariously brilliant off-beat voice and point-of-view. If it's in the zeitgeist, Buress will address it, providing his unique perspective on each week's topic, answering the burning questions on his mind through stand-up, filmed segments, man-on-the-street interviews and special, in-studio guests. "Why? With Hannibal Buress" will be a weekly, half-hour series shot in front of a studio audience and each episode will tape the same week it airs.
1971	Why? With Hannibal Buress	8th of July Celebration!	Comedy	none	Hannibal Buress confronts a famous Internet troll; finds a new way to deal with cops; an 8th of July celebration.
1971	Why? With Hannibal Buress	Get the F out of Here	Comedy	none	Hannibal talks about how the California drought has affected the adult film industry; tells celebrities what he really thinks; points out a strange commonality in rap songs.
1971	Why? With Hannibal Buress	Hannibal Goes to a PETA Protest	Comedy	none	Hannibal Burress attempts to get answers to the most burning questions on his mind through stand-up comedy, filmed sketches, man-on-the-street and guest interviews.
1971	Why? With Hannibal Buress	Hannibal Has Beef	Comedy	none	Hannibal Burress attempts to get answers to the most burning questions on his mind through stand-up comedy, filmed sketches, man-on-the-street and guest interviews.
1971	Why? With Hannibal Buress	Hannibal Goes to Hell and Talks to Kids	Comedy	none	Why? with Hannibal Buress answers the burning questions on Hannibal's mind through stand-up, filmed sketches, man-on-the-street interviews and special in-studio guests.
1971	Why? With Hannibal Buress	Hannibal Approaches the Finish Line While Wearing a Deep V-Neck T-Shirt	Comedy	none	Why? with Hannibal Buress answers the burning questions on Hannibal's mind through stand-up, filmed sketches, man-on-the-street interviews and special in-studio guests.
1971	Why? With Hannibal Buress	Hannibal and Kate Plus 8	Comedy	none	Why? with Hannibal Buress answers the burning questions on Hannibal's mind through stand-up, filmed sketches, man-on-the-street interviews and special in-studio guests.
1972	10-8	10-8	Drama	none	A former Brooklyn bad boy earns his badge as a rookie L.A. deputy sheriff in this cop-in-training drama from executive producer Aaron Spelling.
1974	That '80s Show	That '80s Show	Comedy	none	The producers of 'That '70s Show' looked for laughs (and didn't find many) in this sitcom set in 1984 San Diego and focusing on record-store employees and their sardonic boss, a woman who survived the summer of love mostly intact.
1975	The Agency	The Agency	Drama	none	Spy drama about the inner workings of the CIA and the toll it takes on the lives of its operatives.
1976	Aoki Hagane no Arpeggio: Ars Nova	Aoki Hagane no Arpeggio: Ars Nova	Action	8.0	In the year 2039, global warming has caused a sudden rise in sea level, leading mankind to lose a great deal of land territory. At the same time, a fleet of mysterious warships clad in mist, known as the "Fleet of Fog," begin to appear throughout the world's seas, attacking humanity's warships with their powerful superweapons. Humanity threw all the military strength it possessed at the Fleet of Fog in a decisive battle, but was crushed by the fleet's overwhelming might...
1977	The Bad Girl's Guide	The Bad Girl's Guide	Comedy	none	Cameron Tuttle's sassy rule books for women inspired this short-lived sitcom about an ad exec, who lives life on her own terms, and her friends.
1978	Black Sash	Black Sash	Drama	6.0	An ex-cop teaches martial arts to a diverse group of teens in San Francisco.
1979	Charles in Charge	Charles in Charge	Comedy	7.0	For free room and board, a college student takes care of three kids while still finding time for a social life (apparently his studies tended to get back-burnered).
1980	Dark Justice	Dark Justice	Drama	none	Nicholas Marshall is a judge by day and a motorcycle-riding avenger by night in this late-night vigilante drama. His after-hours exploits began after those responsible for the deaths of his wife and daughter are set free.
1981	Due South	Due South	Drama	8.2	An upright Mountie cracks cases alongside a savvy Chicago detective in a wry cult series that playfully deconstructs American and Canadian stereotypes, while providing enough cast chemistry and plot surprises to make this one of the more fondly remembered '90s crime dramas.
1982	Eleventh Hour	Eleventh Hour	Drama	9.5	ELEVENTH HOUR from acclaimed producer Jerry Bruckheimer follows Dr. Jacob Hood, a brilliant biophysicist and special science advisor to the government, as he investigates scientific crises and oddities. His jurisdiction is absolute and Hood is dogged in his pursuit of those who would abuse and misuse scientific discoveries and breakthroughs for their own gain. His passion and crusade is to protect the substance of science from those with nefarious motives. He is called in at the eleventh hour and he represents the last line of defense. Special Agent Rachel Young is the decorated FBI protection officer assigned to watch Hood's back.
1983	Eyes	Eyes	Drama	none	Impulsive, sharp-witted Harlan Judd (Tim Daly) runs Judd Risk Management, a discreet, high-tech private investigation firm that handles cases with the highest possible stakes, while operating at the absolute fringes of the law. Along with ruthlessly efficient investigator Nora Gage (Garcelle Beauvais-Nilon) and a staff of brilliantly skilled, driven individuals -- some with their own agendas and secrets -- Harlan does whatever it takes to prevail in a world of uneasy alliances and uncertain loyalties.
1984	Husbands	Husbands	Drama	none	Waking up married after a drunken Vegas weekend used to be an adventure reserved for one man and one woman. But thanks to a new law, athlete Brady Kelly and actor Cheeks find themselves unexpectedly and legally wed. Unwilling to undermine the hard-fought battle with a public quicky divorce, these two decide to make a go of it. They were doing okay when they were dating. But how will it work out, now that they are HUSBANDS?
1986	$#*! My Dad Says	$#*! My Dad Says	Comedy	7.5	A middle aged son moves in with his old fashion dad.
1987	100 Questions	100 Questions	Comedy	none	Charlotte Payne (Sophie Winkleman, "Peep Show") is looking for love but she has yet to meet Mr. Right. When she joins an online dating site, Charlotte takes a 100-question compatibility test -- and each one requires her to recount a humorous time in her life.
1988	Accidentally on Purpose	Accidentally on Purpose	Comedy	none	ACCIDENTALLY ON PURPOSE, based on the bestselling memoir by Mary F. Pols, is a comedy about a single woman, Billie, who finds herself "accidentally" pregnant after a one-night stand with a much younger guy, and decides to keep the baby...and the guy. A newspaper film critic, Billie is barely surviving a humiliating breakup with her charming boss, James, who's still trying to resume their relationship. Pregnant, after a brief fling with her "boy toy" Zack, Billie and Zack make an arrangement to live together platonically. Billie's party girl best friend Olivia, and Abby, her conventional, younger married sister, eagerly look forward to the new addition and offer their own brands of advice and encouragement. But when Zack and his freeloading friends, including Davis, start to turn her place into a frat house, Billie isn't sure if she's living with a boyfriend, a roommate, or if she just has another child to raise.
1989	Better with You	Better with You	Comedy	none	"Better with You" is a comedy about three different couples, intertwined in one family, at various stages in their romantic relationships. There's a couple, Maddie and Ben, in a happy, long-term relationship and not married. Another couple, Mia and Casey, in a brand-new relationship and unexpectedly motivated to make a rush to the altar. Last but not least, there's a long-time married couple, Vicky and Joel, who've been together for 35 years but may have a new take on life. Maddie and Ben have a strong relationship, but they will come to learn that there may be value in Mia and Casey's impulsiveness and spontaneity. And both sisters could surely learn something about relationships from their long-married parents. With three very different relationships, is it free thinkers vs. over-thinkers, or will each couple begin to see things a little bit differently?
1990	Four Kings	Four Kings	Drama	none	Barry (Seth Green), Ben (Josh Cooke), Bobby (Shane McRae), and Jason (Todd Grinnell) have been best friends their entire lives and haven't even spent a birthday apart. When Ben's grandmother, who has dubbed them the "Four Kings of New York," passes away, Ben inherits her large, posh apartment. Ben, of course, asks his friends to move in with him, but his girlfriend Jenny (guest star Kiele Sanchez) conveniently decides that it's a good time in their relationship for them to move in together. As the guys prepare to make the move, having decided that there's enough room for all of them, Jen gives Ben an ultimatum - his friends or her.
1991	Happy Hour	Happy Hour	Comedy	none	Henry's girlfriend Heather breaks up with him almost immediately after they move to Chicago together, leaving Henry shell-shocked, broken-hearted, out of a job and out of an apartment - all on the same day. He learns the only apartment opening in their building is with Larry, a vain, flashy, yet loveable rogue who agrees to take Henry on as a roommate now that his previous roommate, Brad, has moved in with his controlling fiance, Tina. Larry relishes the opportunity to "build a better Brad" and mold Henry into an image of himself, but Larry quickly learns there are lessons he can glean from Henry as well.
1992	I Just Want My Pants Back	I Just Want My Pants Back	Comedy	6.0	"I Just Want My Pants Back" follows the triumphs and misadventures of a group of friends as they navigate post-college life in Brooklyn.
1993	My Guide to Becoming a Rock Star	My Guide to Becoming a Rock Star	Comedy	none	"Guide" follows the adventures of Jace Darnell, an aspiring rock god who takes viewers through achieving stardom step-by-step via the adventures of his own band, SlipDog.
1994	Him & Her	Him & Her	Comedy	none	An intimate anti-romantic comedy about real-life love in its lazy, messy, everyday glory.
1995	Mad Dogs	Mad Dogs	Drama	none	Max Beesley, Philip Glenister, John Simm and Marc Warren go on the holiday from hell in this original British drama that swings from the surprising to the sublimely surreal.
1996	Complete Savages	Complete Savages	Comedy	none	"Complete Savages" chronicles the amusing and chaotic trials and tribulations of a father single-handedly raising five teenage boys.
1997	Endgame	Endgame	Drama	8.0	Endgame tells the story of former World Chess Champion Arkady Balagan (Shawn Doyle; Big Love, Lost), who develops a debilitating case of agoraphobia after witnessing the murder of his fiancée. Unable to leave his hotel and running out of money, the arrogant and charismatic Russian inadvertently becomes a detective - using his fierce analytical skills to solve baffling crimes.
1998	Freddie	Freddie	Comedy	none	Freddie Prinze, Jr. makes his television series starring debut in this offbeat family comedy from the team behind "The Drew Carey Show" and "George Lopez".
1999	Hank	Hank	Comedy	none	Kelsey Grammer stars in this timely comedy as Hank Pryor, a titan of industry who suddenly finds himself out of work, almost out of money and around a wife and kids for whom he's never made much time. Despite his recent setbacks, however, Hank is confident he's on the road back to the top. He knows he is destined to return to greatness. And he is just not the greatness he imagines.
2000	I Dream of Jeannie	I Dream of Jeannie	Comedy	9.7	I Dream of Jeannie is an American sitcom with a fantasy premise. The show starred Barbara Eden as a 2,000-year-old genie, and Larry Hagman as an astronaut who becomes her master, with whom she falls in love and eventually marries.
2001	Man Up!	Man Up!	Comedy	none	Three modern men try to get in touch with their inner tough guys and redefine what it means to be a "real man" in this funny and relatable comedy. Will's grandfather fought in WWII. Will's father fought in Vietnam. Will plays Call of Duty on his PS3 and drinks non-dairy hazelnut creamer. So what happened to all the real men? They're still here -- they just smell like pomegranate body wash now. Meet Will (Mather Zickel). His evolved, sensitive nature is why his awesome wife, Theresa (Teri Polo), married him. But Will and his friends find themselves wondering -- in a world of Axe ads and manscaping -- what does it really mean to be a guy anymore? Will is more interested in finding the perfect gift for his son Nathan's (Jake Johnson) 13th birthday than in doing his job selling insurance; sensitive soul Craig (Christopher Moynihan) still pines for his college ex, Lisa; and Kenny (Dan Fogler) clamps down on his anger and asks himself, "What would Tobey Maguire do?," when his ex, Brenda (Amanda Detmer), starts seeing a guy (Henry Simmons) who is everything he's not and much better looking. After Craig crashes Lisa's wedding to try to win her back, they are all faced with an opportunity to Man Up and be like their forefathers.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Drama	7.3	Our glamorous lady detective, The Honourable Miss Phryne Fisher, swans into early 1929 Melbourne, fighting injustice with her pearl-handled pistol and her dagger-sharp wit.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Cocaine Blues	Drama	7.3	The Honourable Miss Phryne Fisher disembarks the Orient at Victoria Dock, returning to Melbourne after years abroad. Almost as soon as she checks into the Windsor Hotel, Phryne is embroiled in mystery: poisoned husbands, cocaine smuggling rings and illegal abortionists – not to mention erotic encounters with the handsome Russian dancer, Sasha de Lisse. Her adventure reaches its steamy end in the Turkish Bath Palace off Little Lonsdale Street.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Murder on the Ballarat Train	Drama	7.3	The glamorous Phryne Fisher, accompanied by her maid Dot, decides to travel to the country by train to collect her new Hispano-Suiza motor car. The charm of rail travel soon evaporates though, when Phryne unexpectedly has to use her trusty pearl-handled pistol to save a young woman's life and solve the disappearance of her fellow passenger's mother. Her train trip derailed by a gruesome murder, Phryne speeds home in her Hispano-Suiza to her new abode in St Kilda where she works through the clues until she discovers her unassuming murderer.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	The Green Mill Murder	Drama	7.3	Phryne, gorgeous in her sparkling evening gown, had thought she would dance the night away at the hottest dancehall in town, the Green Mill. That was before death spoiled the evening. In jazz-mad 1920s Melbourne, Phryne finds there are hidden perils lurking in the smoky shadows – like a mystery man from her past – and it takes all her ingenuity, and her rusty flying skills, to unravel the trail of blackmail and murder.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Death at Victoria Dock	Drama	7.3	A young man with a blue tattoo lies cradled in Phryne's arms. Sadly, it's not another scene of glorious seduction. This time it's murder. Outraged by this brutal slaughter, Phryne promises to find out who is responsible. But Phryne doesn't yet know how deeply into the mire she'll have to go – bank robbery, anarchists and the kidnap of her beloved maid Dot. Her investigations lead her into the arms of the delicious yet dangerous anarchist, Peter the Painter.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Raisins and Almonds	Drama	7.3	When a young man is found dead in a bookshop at the Eastern Market, Phryne Fisher is plunged into the diverse worlds of Jewish politics, alchemy, and poison. She works her way through the mystery with help from the old faithfuls – Bert, Cec, Dot, Dr Mac and Detective Inspector Jack Robinson. Ultimately, though, it's her stealth and wit that solve the crime – and all for the price of a song...
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Ruddy Gore	Drama	7.3	At a gala performance of Gilbert and Sullivan's Ruddigore, Phryne Fisher meets the gorgeous Lin Chung who has rescued the theatre's leading man from some thugs in a dark alley in Chinatown. The evening continues on unexpectedly with a bizarre death onstage. What links can Phryne find between the Chinese community of Little Bourke St, the illicit opium trade and the actors treading the boards of His Majesty's Theatre? Phryne must solve an old murder, find a new murderer, and banish the theatre's ghost who seems likely to kill again.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Murder in Montparnasse	Drama	7.3	As a young woman in Paris after the war, Phryne posed for the famous artist Pierre Sarcelle. Now, 10 years later, Sarcelle's widow arrives in Melbourne asking for her late husband's paintings. When she suddenly disappears, Phryne discovers the connection between Mme Sarcelle and the death of an Australian war veteran who witnessed the ‘accidental' death of Sarcelle at Montparnasse train station. As Phryne delves into this investigation, she remembers her own days in Paris and her first love. The two worlds collide as Phryne tracks down the murderer – but Jack is the man who gives her the courage to confront her past.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Away with the Fairies	Drama	7.3	Phryne investigates the puzzling death of a magazine columnist and author of fairy stories. To get to the truth, she must unearth the deceptions and rampant rivalries of the magazine's thoroughly modern working women – and dig into the past of their token male employee. Meanwhile, Phryne rekindles her affair with the sensuous Lin Chung – whose arranged marriage has stalled in a mire of family politics and intrigue.Directed by Emma Freeman and guest stars Anna McGahan, Roz Hammond, Deborah Kennedy, Jim Russell
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Queen of the Flowers	Drama	7.3	of one of her charges washes up on the beach, though, she begins to question the worth of table manners and dancing lessons. In the midst of her investigation, Jane's mother unexpectedly resurfaces and Phryne has to face her fears about losing her ward.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Death by Miss Adventure	Drama	7.3	Phryne investigates the death of a young female worker in a factory ‘accident' and soon learns that the woman's death might not be the misadventure the police think it is. Faced with a wall of secrecy and lies, Phryne sends her trusty maid, Dot, undercover into the factory to investigate. When a second suspicious death occurs, Phryne fights desperately to save one of her closest friends from the gallows.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Blood and Circuses	Drama	7.3	The carnival is in town. Innocent fun turns to horror when one of the sideshow acts is murdered. Phryne poses as the magician's assistant, Fern, to investigate. The heady atmosphere of the carnival takes Phryne on a bittersweet trip down memory lane – to the days when she and her sister, Janey, would sneak into the big top, until one night Janey disappeared. Her pain is reignited when she discovers that Murdoch Foyle – the man accused of murdering her sister – was the mastermind behind an elaborate prison escape plan. Any chance of discovering the truth about her sister's fate is dashed though, when she learns that Foyle has died and been cremated.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Murder in the Dark	Drama	7.3	Phryne's cousins and Aunt Prudence's entire household come under suspicion when a young girl is found drowned in her aunt's fountain on the eve of a lavish fancy dress party. Phryne and her aunt work together to investigate – until Phryne begins to doubt her own detecting skills. Was Murdoch Foyle really the man responsible for her sister's death or was it someone much closer to Phryne – someone who was also there the day Janey disappeared from the circus all those years ago? When Foyle finally shows his hand, Phryne recovers her confidence – only to have it replaced by terror when she fears Foyle now has Jane in his sights.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Memses' Curse	Drama	7.3	Murdoch Foyle is at large and has been connected with the mysterious death of Albert Monkton, antique dealer. In investigating the murder, Phryne discovers Murdoch Foyle's involvement in a bizarre reincarnation cult, inspired by Ancient Egypt. Phryne's hunt for the madman leads her on a disturbing trail of death and despair before she realises her own significance in Foyle's grand plan. Can she overcome her nemesis and finally solve the mystery regarding the fate of her sister, Janey, or will her own death be the price she has to pay to discover the truth.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Murder Most Scandalous	Drama	7.3	Miss Phryne Fisher is back! When Jack's father-in-law is implicated in the brutal murder of a prostitute, Phryne decides to perfect her 'fan dance' in order to go undercover at a gentleman's club.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Death Comes Knocking	Drama	7.3	Phryne plays host to ghostly soldiers and exotic spiritualists and Aunt Prudence is swept up in the new spiritualist fad and enlists a famed psychic to contact her dead godson.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Dead Man's Chest	Drama	7.3	Buried treasure and pirate legends bubble to the surface in the seaside holiday town of Queenscliff and Phryne finds herself at the pointy end of a Spanish dagger.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Deadweight	Drama	7.3	After a gang leader is discovered dead outside a travelling boxing tent, Phryne's investigation finds her entering dangerous but thrilling world of fight rigging and tribal payback.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Murder A La Mode	Drama	7.3	The second series of Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries builds on the meticulously constructed world of series one as it follows the independent, glamorous and unflappable leading lady detective Phryne Fisher.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Marked For Murder	Drama	7.3	The second series of Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries builds on the meticulously constructed world of series one as it follows the independent, glamorous and unflappable leading lady detective Phryne Fisher.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Blood At The Wheel	Drama	7.3	After the driver of the ladies' motorcar rally team is discovered dead in her roadster, Phryne finds it hard to try and convince Jack that her friend's death was not an accident.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	The Blood of Juana the Mad	Drama	7.3	Having now become estranged, Phryne and Jack attempt to step around one another to investigate a murder and the disappearance of a manuscript.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Framed for Murder	Drama	7.3	Phryne finds herself becoming involved in the twilight world of silent movies after a leading actor and a director are murdered. She attempts to solve the crime and also save the production.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Death on the Vine	Drama	7.3	After Phryne shows up at an idyllic vineyard to investigate a suspicious death, those living in the area do everything that they can to drive her out of town.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Dead Air	Drama	7.3	The Fisher household has a new wireless but there's a murder on the airwaves. Dot comes to the realisation that she doesn't want to give up her job with Miss Fisher after she gets married.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Unnatural Habits	Drama	7.3	The gothic world of the Magdalene Laundries is the scene of a tragic death of an escaping teenager. Phryne becomes suspicious of the goings-on behind the convent walls.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Murder Under the Mistletoe	Drama	7.3	Phryne, Dot and Dr Mac go with Aunt Prudence to a chalet to celebrate Christmas. After they show up though they discover one of the residents dead and soon the body count begins to increase.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Death Defying Acts	Drama	7.3	When the unfortunate assistant in a magic show is beheaded on stage, Jack and Phryne's investigation unravels a secret murder in the past. Phryne's estranged father makes a surprise visit.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Murder and the Maiden	Drama	7.3	When a high-ranking RAAF officer disappears without explanation from an RAAF Base, Phryne is called upon by an old flame to discreetly solve the mystery.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Murder and Mozzarella	Drama	7.3	In the world of family Italian restaurants, old grudges from the village are stirred up when matriarch Nonna Luisa dies and the ownership of a secret book of recipes becomes the suspected motive.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Blood and Money	Drama	7.3	The same morning Phryne is approached by a young boy whose brother has gone missing, Dr. Mac calls her to advise that another boy has been found in a shallow grave near the hospital where she works.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Death and Hysteria	Drama	7.3	When Phryne's Aunt Prudence opens her home to psychiatrist and natural healer, Hayden Samuels, to conduct his sanatorium for 'hysterical' women, Phryne takes on more than she bargained for.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Death at the Grand	Drama	7.3	When a Hotel Concierge is pushed from the rooftop with an empty bag 'souvenired' from Phryne's house, Jack calls Phryne in to investigate what looks like a robbery gone wrong.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Game, Set & Murder	Drama	7.3	When Phryne hosts a tennis tournament to raise money for female tennis players, the practice partner of a rising star is fatally bitten by a spider, and a murder investigation reveals Phryne's hidden fear.
2002	Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries	Death Do Us Part	Drama	7.3	When a prize-winning scientist is found murdered on the same night the man intent on murdering Henry Fisher escapes police custody, Phryne must put all misgivings aside to protect her father.
2003	My Generation	My Generation	Drama	none	What a difference ten years can make. In 2000, a documentary crew follows a disparate group of high schoolers from Greenbelt High School in Austin, TX as they prepare for graduation, then revisits these former classmates ten years later as they return home to rediscover that just because they're not where they planned doesn't mean they're not right where they need to be. These students couldn't wait to graduate and head out into the real world. But the world they were entering got very real very fast. As these classmates return home to revisit their old hopes for their future, they'll discover that, even if you don't get exactly what you thought you wanted out of life, it's not too late to get what you need.
2004	Nightmares & Dreamscapes	Nightmares & Dreamscapes	Horror	none	This anthology series of eight one-hour episodes adapted from King's short stories will feature such notable performers as Emmy winner and Oscar® nominee William H. Macy(Fargo, TNT's Door to Door and The Wool Cap) and Jacqueline McKenzie (The 4400, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood), who star in Umney's Last Case; Emmy winner Kim Delaney (NYPD Blue, CSI: Miami) and Steven Weber (The Shining, Wings), who star in You Know They Got a Hell of a Band; Samantha Mathis (TNT's The Mists of Avalon and Salem's Lot) and Jeremy Sisto (Six Feet Under, TNT's Julius Caesar), who headline The Fifth Quarter; Golden Globe nominee Ron Livingston (Band of Brothers, The Cooler) and Golden Globe nominee Henry Thomas (E. T. The Extra-Terrestrial, Legends of the Fall), who star in The End of the Whole Mess; Oscar® nominee Tom Berenger(Platoon, TNT's Into the West) and Oscar® nominee and Golden Globe winner Marsha Mason (The Goodbye Girl, Frasier), who star in The Road Virus Heads North; and Oscar® winner William Hurt (Kiss of the Spider Woman, The Village), who headlines Battleground.
2005	Notes from the Underbelly	Notes from the Underbelly	Comedy	none	Realizing he may be a pushover, Andrew forces himself to be more assertive. It proves to be a big turn-on for Lauren, until he embraces his opinions to the point where the delicate balance of their relationship is threatened. Eric and Julie hire a nanny who refuses to divulge the secret swaddling technique that instantly calms Baby Perry. Meanwhile, Danny and Cooper find themselves "accidentally dating" when he starts cooking for her in return for legal aide.
2006	Run of the House	Run of the House	Comedy	none	Since mom and dad have made a temporary move from the frigid winters of Grand Rapids to sunny Arizona to protect dad's health, you'd think it'd be pretty sweet at home for 15-year-old Brooke Franklin (Margo Harshman, "Even Stevens"). Well, think again. Brooke's brothers, Kurt (Joseph Lawrence, "American Dreams") and Chris (Kyle Howard, "Grosse Pointe," "Orange County") and her sister Sally (Sasha Barrese, "The Hulk") are in charge. Though there is the usual bickering about household responsibilities and personal lifestyles, Brooke's siblings share more than a common gene pool; they also share a real concern about Brooke's well-being and the intention to raise their youngest sister correctly. Unfortunately, they just can't agree how to do it. A realistic, funny and youthful sibling comedy.
2007	Running Wilde	Running Wilde	Comedy	8.7	From the Emmy Award-winning creator and the star of the critically acclaimed FOX series "Arrested Development" comes RUNNING WILDE, a romantic comedy starring Will Arnett ("Arrested Development," "30 Rock") as STEVE WILDE, a filthy-rich, immature playboy trying desperately to win (or buy) the heart of his childhood sweetheart, EMMY KADUBIC (Keri Russell, "Waitress," "Felicity"), the uber-liberal humanitarian who got away - all told through the perspective of a 12-year-old girl. Steve Wilde has never performed a selfless act. But why should he - he's rich! The son of an oil tycoon, Steve hasn't had to work a day in his life and has always gotten everything he's wanted - with one exception: the love of Emmy. The daughter of a former Wilde housekeeper, Emmy is an earnest do-gooder who has spent her adult life trying to save the world. And though Emmy is content living with an indigenous tribe in the Amazon rainforest, her 12-year-old daughter, PUDDLE (Stefania Owen, "The Lovely Bones"), just wants to be a normal kid experiencing her adolescence in a normal place. And she would speak up except for the fact that she hasn't spoken in years. When Wilde Oil's expansion in the rainforest threatens her adopted tribe, Emmy decides to attend Steve's self-thrown "Humanitarian of the Year" award ceremony in hopes of convincing him to help her cause...and also maybe because she still has a thing for Steve. But same-old Steve is unwilling to help because fighting Wilde Oil (a/k/a Dad) means putting his meal ticket in jeopardy. Rather than run the risk of letting Emmy slip away again, Steve pulls out all the stops to win her heart. To do so, he enlists the only other people in his life who can help: MIGO SALAZAR (Joe Nunez, "Superbad," "Prison Break"), Steve's employee/sidekick/errand-boy, and GERTIE STELLVERTRETTER (Jayne Houdyshell, "Law & Order"), Steve's nanny-turned-head-of-security as well as the biggest protector of Steve...and her own job. Despite having everything he ever wanted, Steve knows he can't buy love and happiness, which falls in sharp contrast to Emmy, who has nothing but love and happiness. So with Emmy committed to doing good for nothing, and Steve being a good for nothing, will this hopelessly mismatched pair ever be able to reconcile their differences?
2008	Skins	Skins	Drama	5.5	"Skins" is about the lives and loves of teenagers and the obligations of friendship. The drama series features an ensemble cast of unknown teenage actors as they navigate complex relationships, the politics of friendship and difficulties of daily life in their formative years.
2009	The Casual Vacancy	The Casual Vacancy	Drama	none	Pagford is a charming English idyll, but what lies behind the pretty façade is a town at war.
2011	The Sing-Off	The Sing-Off	Music	none	A cappella groups compete for a recording contract.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Who Do You Think You Are?	Family	none	"WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?" returns this spring to give eight new celebrities a unique opportunity to dig into their roots and learn more about their family history. The two-time Emmy nominated series is Executive Produced by Lisa Kudrow and Dan Bucatinsky.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Sarah Jessica Parker	Family	none	In this riveting series premiere, Sarah Jessica Parker embarks on an exciting adventure into the unknown to learn about her family tree. With the help of Ancestry.com, Sarah Jessica's story takes her on not one, but two awe-inspiring journeys first to Northern California and then to Salem, Massachusetts.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Emmitt Smith	Family	none	Football legend Emmitt Smith is intrigued by a family rumor that his paternal grandmother, Erma Lee Watson, had white ancestry. As he travels deep into rural Alabama to colonial Virginia and beyond on the trail of Erma's great grandmother Mariah, Smith uncovers a story more dramatic than he ever could have imagined.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Lisa Kudrow	Family	none	Since childhood, Lisa Kudrow ("Friends") has known that her grandmother Gertrude had it tough. Gertrude's mother, Meri, perished in the Holocaust. Lisa's father recalls hearing about her death from a young Polish sailor, a cousin named Yuri who was last seen in New York in the late 1940s. Lisa's father never forgot Yuri for warning him and his family to leave their village for safety before the Nazi army invasion. From Los Angeles to Belarus, to the actual village where Meri once lived, Lisa's journey reveals clues leading her to something neither she nor her father ever thought possible.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Matthew Broderick	Family	none	Broadway star Matthew Broderick knew little about his grandfather, James Joseph Broderick, and is shocked to learn about his involvement as a medic in World War I. Continuing his research, he discovers his grandmother, Mary Martindale, was a descendant from a Civil War hero, Robert Martindale, who fought at Gettysburg and joined the historic march through Georgia. While in Atlanta, Georgia, researching Robert's death, he unwittingly helps historians solve a 150 year-old mystery.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Brooke Shields	Family	none	Brooke Shields begins her journey with her mother's side of the family, taking her to Newark, New Jersey to find out more about her grandmother's roots. There, she uncovers a tragic secret that profoundly changes the way she feels about her grandmother, Teresa. From New Jersey, Brooke travels to Rome and France, tracing her father's family history to one of European aristocracy and even royal connections.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Susan Sarandon	Family	none	Academy Award winner Susan Sarandon has always been intrigued by her enigmatic grandmother, Anita Rigali, who abandoned her daughter, Leonora, when she was just two years old. Susan had grown up feeling a strange connection to her 'colorful' grandmother and had always wanted to solve the mystery of her life. With some clever sleuthing, Susan traces Anita's roots to Italy where she tracks down the actual village in Tuscany that was home to Anita's father. With the help of her son, Susan turns gumshoe and uncovers Anita's obituary, revealing the shocking missing link.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Spike Lee	Family	none	Filmmaker Spike Lee's ( interest and passion for African-American history led him to take a deeper look into his own family history. The one clear question that he wanted answered -- who owned my family? His journey takes him to Georgia, where he is overjoyed to discover that he has an unexpected connection to his great-great grandfather. Lee's ancestry trail leads him to Texas, where he comes face to face with an unlikely relative.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Vanessa Williams	Family	none	As someone who has made history on her own, Vanessa Williams ("Desperate Housewives") sets out on a journey to find out if her ancestors were also trailblazers. Her search leads her to the National Archives in Washington, D.C. and to South Carolina where she finds ancestral ties to the Civil War's Union Army. She also heads to the South and discovers an ancestor who was an educator in a time when many African-American southerners did not have the opportunity to receive an education.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Tim McGraw	Family	none	Tim McGraw started his life with no idea who his father was, but later found and forged a close bond with his biological father, baseball player Tug McGraw, before his death. Determined to learn more about his paternal line, Tim's journey leads him to descendants who were among the first settlers in the United States. In his search he discovers an industrious ancestor with a link to George Washington.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Rosie O'Donnell	Family	none	Rosie O'Donnell lost her mother at a young age and wants to reconnect with her by tracing her family history. A visit with her brother uncovers family footage of her mother as a young girl but also reveals the first clues to her mother's ancestry. Rosie's journey takes her from Jersey City to Ireland where she discovers that past generations of her family had endured many hardships before being given the opportunity for a better life.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Kim Cattrall	Family	none	Kim Cattrall ("Sex and the City") has only one obscured photo of her grandfather and is haunted by the fact that the man in that picture abandoned her mother and aunts at a young age. Searching for answers, Kim embarks on a journey to uncover the truth about what happened to her grandfather. The few clues she can find, including a British newspaper article from 1980, lead her to an unsettling truth and a deeper connection with the amazingly strong women in her family.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Lionel Richie	Family	none	Music runs deep in singer/songwriter Lionel Richie's life, especially due to the close bond he had with his maternal grandmother, Adelaide Towson, who taught music at Tuskegee University. Although they had an incredible relationship, Richie knows nothing about her ancestry and is driven to solve the mystery surrounding the identity of her father. Richie sets out on a journey that will take him from his childhood neighborhood in Tuskegee to Nashville where his great grandfather helped sow the seeds of the Civil Rights movement. A trip to Chattanooga, Tennessee will uncover more clues to the identity of those who paved the way for him.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Steve Buscemi	Family	none	Steve Buscemi a man who has played his share of shady characters in his career, sets off on a trail to find similar real life dark figures in his own family. His search leads him to his maternal great great grandfather, a questionable character that had a tarnished Civil War record and other secrets. Steve's journey will take him from New York to Philadelphia and from the battlefields of Virginia to the Union ports of the Potomac River in search of his illusive ancestor.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Gwyneth Paltrow	Family	none	As Academy Award-winning actress Gwyneth Paltrow traces the roots of her beloved paternal grandfather, a man driven to succeed in the face of adversity, she uncovers a string of events that give her insight into her great grandmother's character. On her mother's side, Paltrow discovers that her ancestors have deep roots in the Caribbean island of Barbados.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Ashley Judd	Family	none	Ashley Judd's paternal great grandmother was a larger than life character who told tall tales. Her journey will lead her to an ancestor who served in the Union Army and faced tragedy on the battlefield. Rumors of ancestral ties to New England uncover an incredible connection to the first settlers of the New America.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Martin Sheen	Family	none	Martin Sheen ("The West Wing," "The Amazing Spiderman"), a longtime activist, sets out on a journey to find out if his ancestors shared his greatest passion. His search leads him to Ireland where he investigates his uncle's ties to the Irish Civil War and his devotion to activism. He continues his journey in Spain, where he uncovers another relative who also fought for social justice and was wrongfully imprisoned during Franco's fascist regime. As he continues to trace his Spanish roots back to the 1700s, he unearths an unexpected family secret.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Marisa Tomei	Family	none	Marisa Tomei grew up hearing that her great-grandfather was murdered for being a womanizer and gambler. In order to uncover the truth, she travels to Italy to sort through the facts and discover what really lead to his death.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Blair Underwood	Family	none	Blair Underwood has always wanted to trace both of his parents' ancestry, but has encountered roadblocks in the past. With limited information, he uncovers articles that reveal the hardships and unexpected triumphs of his ancestors. Taking a DNA test to dig deeper into his family roots, he unlocks the secret of his family's origin and embarks on a journey he will never forget.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Reba McEntire	Family	none	With little knowledge about her mother's family, Reba McEntire seeks to find which of her ancestors was first to step foot in America. Her search takes her to Raleigh, North Carolina where she discovers an ancestor who was a prominent member in the community. This leads to a discovery connected to one of the darkest periods in American history. As Reba continues her search, she learns of her ancestor's heartbreaking journey to America.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Jerome Bettis	Family	none	Jerome Bettis longs to know the source of his strength and determination as he embarks on a journey in Paducah, Kentucky, to learn more about his mother's side of the family. His search reveals the identity of his great great grandfather and an amazing story of his courage and strength as he stood up against and sued a corporate giant in the Jim Crow era. As Jerome learns more about his great great grandfather, the tragedy and triumph of his early life comes to light.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Helen Hunt	Family	none	Helen Hunt's father lost his mother as a child and didn't know much of his maternal family's history. Armed with little information, Helen learns of the trials and triumphs of her paternal ancestors. Her journey leads her to San Francisco where she learns of her great great grandfather, a Jewish immigrant, and his involvement in launching Wells Fargo. As she continues her search, Helen finds that her great great grandmother was instrumental in the fight for women's rights.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Rita Wilson	Family	none	As Rita Wilson travels to Greece and Bulgaria, she uncovers the untold history of her late father. Her journey begins in Greece where she visits her father's hometown and the place of his birth. The information she receives leads her to Bulgaria where she learns of the hardships and triumphs that shaped her father's life and led him to the United States. Rita's emotional journey brings her to a discovery that she never expected.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Edie Falco	Family	none	Edie Falco knows a lot about her father's side but not much on her mother's. Armed with little information, her journey starts in New York where she learns details of her family's origins. New found clues on her great grandfather lead her to Milwaukee where she investigates the curious life of his father. As her journey continues in the England, she learns of the tragic events surrounding the life of her great great great grandmother.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Rob Lowe	Family	none	Armed with information from his late mother's scrapbook, Rob Lowe sets off on a journey that leads him to America's founding fathers. In Washington, D.C., a visit to the Library of Congress uncovers his ancestor's surprising role in the Revolutionary War and his direct connection to George Washington. After visiting his ancestors native Germany, he gains a deeper understanding of why everything was risked for a chance to build a new future in America.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Rashida Jones	Family	none	Rashida Jones strongly identifies with both her African American and Jewish heritage, but knows very little about her mother's roots. She was close to her grandmother, who was originally from Ireland, but had little details on her life before marrying her grandfather. In New York, Rashida uncovers the answers to her grandmother's missing years and interesting life in Manhattan. As her journey continues, a trip to Ireland reveals new information that lead to her family's origins in Eastern Europe.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Jason Sudeikis	Family	none	Jason Sudeikis has almost no information about his grandfather who died when his father was a child. In Chicago, Jason researches the cryptic story of his grandfather's death and discovers new details about his life. As he continues to learn more, a surprising discovery is revealed about his great grandfather's family life. A trip to Pennsylvania brings Jason to the coal mines his great great grandfather worked in as an immigrant from Lithuania and the extreme dangers he faced each day.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Paula Deen	Family	none	Paula Deen lost both of her parents and has a lot of gaps in her family knowledge. A visit to her aunt in Albany, Georgia, provides Paula with information that takes her back 150 years in her family's history. As she digs deeper into her heritage she uncovers her ancestor's political ties and his connection to a dark time in America's history. Further exploration reveals a heartbreaking event that deeply impacted her ancestors during the Civil War.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	Ginnifer Goodwin	Family	none	Actress Ginnifer Goodwin searches her family history in hopes of connecting her father with the grandparents he never knew; she is shocked to uncover lives filled with drug addiction and life-altering consequences.
2013	Who Do You Think You Are?	J.K. Rowling	Family	none	Author J.K. Rowling stumbles upon a family mystery on a journey to uncover her maternal French roots; a tale of wartime heroism and actions of a brave ancestor.
2014	The Refugees	The Refugees	Drama	none	Mankind is suffering the biggest exodus in history. 3,000 million people from the future have traveled to the present to escape from an imminent global disaster. All the refugees must obey two rules: they must not talk about the future and they must not contact their families.The arrival of the refugees takes everyone by surprise, including the Cruz family. The series centers on their story, the story of Samuel, Emma and little Ani. A shift in their existence after the arrival of a mysterious refugee, Alex, who has an incredible mission that will change their lives, and in order to accomplish his mission, he will not hesitate to do what there is to do: including breaking the rules.
2015	Ashes to Ashes	Ashes to Ashes	Drama	8.0	Crime drama series featuring Life On Mars' DCI Gene Hunt. After being shot in 2008, DI Alex Drake lands in 1981, where she finds herself in familiar company.
2017	The Legacy	The Legacy	Drama	10.0	The death of a matriarch brings forgotten secrets out into the open and causes a prolonged battle for the family inheritance.
2017	The Legacy	Episode 1	Drama	10.0	Aging artist Veronika Grønnegaard comes to see Signe Larsen at the flower shop where she works, intent on revealing a secret that will turn Signe's life on its head.
2017	The Legacy	Episode 2	Drama	10.0	While Gro arranges her mother's funeral, she still hasn't told her brothers about her mother's plans for the family home. Signe considers what to do about the letter from Veronika.
2017	The Legacy	Episode 3	Drama	10.0	Gro is working hard to make her mother's museum reality, and when legal problems seem to stand in the way she is ready to sacrifice everything.
2017	The Legacy	Episode 4	Drama	10.0	Signe suggests a compromise about the house to her sister and brothers, Thomas is unwilling to move his trailer off the grounds, and Emil becomes desperate for money.
2017	The Legacy	Episode 5	Drama	10.0	As Gro and Signe prepare for the museum's first board meeting, Frederik confronts Gro with information about a forged signature.
2017	The Legacy	Episode 6	Drama	10.0	Signe prepares for a possible trial against her siblings, but she's missing a key piece of evidence.
2017	The Legacy	Episode 7	Drama	10.0	Frederik goes to trial against his half-sister, causing several family secrets to be revealed.
2017	The Legacy	Episode 8	Drama	10.0	The Grønnegaards move out of the family home. Frederik shares a great confession, and his daughter Hannah discovers Solveig and Emil's secret.
2017	The Legacy	Episode 9	Drama	10.0	Emil is desperate to find money to pay off his debts. Gro makes a play to get her career back on track.
2017	The Legacy	Episode 10	Drama	10.0	Emil goes to Thailand to sell his resort. Frederik tries to rediscover passion with his wife. Andreas feels left behind by Signe's plans.
2017	The Legacy	Episode 1	Drama	10.0	Signe grows increasingly frustrated as she struggles to get her hemp farm up and running at Gronnegaard. Meanwhile, a naming ceremony for Thomas and Isa's daughter Melody is imminent.
2017	The Legacy	Episode 2	Drama	10.0	Gro asks Frederik to accompany her to Thailand to see Emil in prison. Though he still hasn't forgiven Emil for his affair with Solveig, he eventually looks at the case and unearths photographs that seemingly prove his innocence. Meanwhile, as Signe struggles with her farm an unexpected visitor appears whose arrival could change the family dynamic entirely.
2017	The Legacy	Episode 3	Drama	10.0	Gro and Frederik leave for Thailand in a bid to help Emil, while Signe faces problems on her farm.
2017	The Legacy	Episode 4	Drama	10.0	Emil returns to Gronnegaard following his time in a Thai prison and promises to stay on the straight and narrow. Signe receives a positive appraisal of her art work, but is later forced to contemplate her way of life after an inspector shows up at her farm. Meanwhile, Frederik continues to battle some inner demons.
2017	The Legacy	Episode 5	Drama	10.0	As Emil and Gro look through Veronika's artworks that have been stored in the basement, Frederik's emotional state worsens to the point where he can no longer look after his children. Meanwhile, Signe's problems mount when Gro destroys her last chance to save her farm, leading her to make a decision that will change life at Grønnegaard for everyone.
2017	The Legacy	Episode 6	Drama	10.0	Signe is still busy on the estate while Isa settles into her role as a mother. Elsewhere, Kim delivers some news to Gro that gives her cause for concern.
2017	The Legacy	Episode 7	Drama	10.0	Gro rushes to look after Thomas, whose condition has deteriorated to the point where he is taken to hospital for emergency care. Meanwhile, at Gronnegaard, the uncertainty about the future of the estate has everyone worried, including Signe who continues her work on the farm despite her growing concern over the wellbeing of baby Melody
2018	The Watcher	The Watcher	Drama	none	The Watcher is an American anthology drama series that premiered on UPN in January 1995, during the network's inaugural season. The series aired Tuesday night at 9:00 p.m Eastern time.
2019	Vanished	Vanished	Drama	8.0	In the series premiere, Sara Collins, the beautiful young wife of prominent Georgia Senator Jeffrey Collins, inexplicably vanishes. As the search for Sara unravels one of the nation's most prominent families, it also exposes evidence that could rock the foundations of American society. Through the eyes of Senior FBI Agent Graham Kelton, ambitious reporter Judy Nash and the distraught members of the Collins family, viewers will journey inside a sensational, thrilling national soap opera. Kelton, partnered with determined Agent Len Mei, uncovers enigmatic clues that suggest Sara's disappearance may be part of a large, sinister conspiracy. At the Collins home, Jeffrey and Sara's dutiful son Max is keeping secrets of his own, while his rebellious sister Marcy is on the verge of eloping with her sketchy boyfriend Ben, whose motives are questionable. Just when things couldn't get any more chaotic for Senator Collins, his ex-wife Jessica Nevins and a man from Sara's past, Peter Manning, mysteriously surface.
2020	Unhitched	Unhitched	Comedy	none	UNHITCHED is a new comedy series set in Boston following four friends learning the painful lessons of starting over in their 30s, who go about looking for true love in all the wrong places. In the opener, Jack "Gator" Gately (Craig Bierko, "Scary Movie 4," "Boston Legal") finds himself ill-prepared to re-enter the dating scene as a blind date goes bananas for him; his friend and neighbor Kate finds big things come in small packages when she dates a member of the Boston Celtics; and Indian-born Dr. Freddy learns that love isn't cheap with the woman of your dreams.
2021	Unhappily Ever After	Unhappily Ever After	Comedy	7.5	A "Married with Children" take-off with the twist of a schizophrenic father.
2022	The Triangle	The Triangle	Drama	10.0	A spectacular sci-fi experience in which billionaire Eric Benirall handsomely pays a team of four specialists to investigate how and why his cargo ships keep disappearing within the waters of the Bermuda triangle. But before very long, the journalist, the scientist, the nautical engineer and the psychic are uncovering such bizarre truths that they doubt if any amount of money was worth it.
2023	Tracker	Tracker	Action	none	In a galaxy far away, alien criminals organize a spectacular prison break. Pursued by their home planet's authorities, their leader Zin decides there's only one place to go: through a wormhole that allows instantaneous travel to Earth. Cole is the Alien Tracker who's in hot pursuit of the escaped convicts. When a government group investigating extraterrestrials captures one, Cole must break into the facility and free him before they gather hard evidence they need to prove that Alien life exists on earth.
2024	Touching Evil	Touching Evil	Drama	9.5	After recovering from being shot in the head, FBI agent David Creegan returns to work at the bureau's Organized and Serial Crime Unit a changed man. His inhibitions are just about gone - which makes him a relentless pursuer of criminals, but also a potential liability to his partner.
2025	Traveler	Traveler	Action	none	How well do you know your friends? Would you bet your life on it? That's the question in "Traveler," an action-packed drama series that taps into 21st century paranoia with provocative themes, complex characters and pure adrenaline-fueled entertainment.
2026	Tokyo Undergeround	Tokyo Undergeround	Action	7.0	Under the capital city of Tokyo, Japan, there exists a large, vast, and unknown world known as Underground. There, people known as Elemental Users exist; people who have the ability to control the elements: Fire, Water, Lightning, Magnetism, Freeze, etc. Meet Rumina Asagi and his best friend Ginnosuke Isuzu, two average high school freshmen who reside in Tokyo. When they meet Gravity User, Chelsea Rorec, and the Miko of Life, Ruri Sarasa, their whole lives change into one big adventure.
2027	Threat Matrix	Threat Matrix	Action	none	Using stories ripped from the headlines, Special Agent John Kilmer heads the Homeland Security Agency, dedicating his life to diverting disaster and keeping the United States safe. Oh, and he works with his lovely and lethal ex-wife.
2028	Deutschland 83	Deutschland 83	Drama	none	"Deutschland 83" is a coming-of-age spy thriller, which unfolds just as the Cold War between East and West comes to a head. The eight-part series is written and created by American journalist and author Anna Winger (This Must Be the Place) alongside her husband Joerg Winger, a successful German showrunner ("Soko Leipzig"), who serves as executive producer. The New York Times touted the series as an "ingenious, counterintuitive look at the Cold War." "Deutschland 83" is a captivating story set against the real culture wars and political events of Germany in the 1980s. The drama follows Martin Rauch (Jonas Nay) as the 24-year-old East German native is pulled from the world as he knows it and sent to the West as an undercover spy for the Stasi foreign service. Hiding in plain sight in the West German army, he must gather the secrets of NATO military strategy. Everything is new, nothing is quite what it seems and everyone he encounters is harboring secrets, both political and personal.
2028	Deutschland 83	Quantum Jump	Drama	none	23-year-old Martin Rauch is sent to West Germany to act as a spy, gathering intelligence for East Germany's Secret Service.
2028	Deutschland 83	Brave Guy	Drama	none	Martin is ordered to break into the hotel room of a high-ranking NATO official and steal a top-secret report.
2028	Deutschland 83	Atlantic Lion	Drama	none	Martin has been ordered to seduce and bug the head security analyst's secretary Linda on his first assignment during a NATO conference in Brussels, Belgium.
2028	Deutschland 83	Northern Wedding	Drama	none	Once the bug has been found underneath Linda's desk, NATO is on high alert. Linda travels to Martin, who scrambles to turn her loyalties around.
2028	Deutschland 83	Cold Fire	Drama	none	Martin is sent back to East Berlin, but is forced to deliver a seemingly harmless package to a mysterious man in West Berlin on the way.
2028	Deutschland 83	Brandy Station	Drama	none	When Moritz returns to his undercover life in West Germany he is drawn into Alex Edel's fatal plans. Recovering in a room at Charite, Moritz encounters Annett for the first time since he left. He wants to stay home now, she tells him to go West again. Much is left unsaid. She is now in with Schweppenstette, who visits him next and insists, in a tense, father-son coded argument, that Moritz return to his post. Meanwhile Alex Edel has taken General Jackson hostage and forced him, at gunpoint, to film a seething denouncement of US military plans in Western Europe. Lenora follows the whole thing over the wire from the StäV. But by the time Moritz and Kramer get there to break them out before the Police arrive, the damage is already done.
2028	Deutschland 83	Bold Guard	Drama	none	As preparations for NATO's nuclear war game "Able Archer" intensify, Martin receives an order from East Germany that cements his fears about their paranoia. He must warn his Western superiors about the misunderstanding.
2028	Deutschland 83	Able Archer	Drama	none	Fear of a pre-emptive nuclear strike against the West has become a possibility at East German HQ, while in the West, war game Able Archer reaches its peak. Martin is now persona non grata on both sides of the border.
2029	American Crime Story	American Crime Story	Drama	none	American Crime Story, a companion anthology focused each season on a different true crime story which made headlines and captivated the imagination of the public.
2030	Sirens	Sirens	Drama	9.0	A team of world-weary paramedics are forced to confront the dregs of society - not to mention their own inadequacies - in this comedy drama
2031	The Fall Guy	The Fall Guy	Action	9.0	Lee Majors stars as the Fall Guy, Colt Seavers, a stunt man moonlighting as a bounty hunter who uses Hollywood stunt tactics to capture criminals.
2032	Fantasy Island	Fantasy Island	Drama	6.0	At a luxurious but remote tropical island resort, the enigmatic Mr. Roarke somehow makes the secret dreams of his well-heeled guests come true, although twists of fate occasionally turn those dreams into nightmares. He is assisted by Tattoo, a little person who could be trusted to sing out, "Da plane! Da plane!" as each group of guests arrived. In the final season of the series, Roarke is joined by Lawrence, a dapper Englishman.
2033	Fear Factor	Fear Factor	Action	none	We have taken the groundbreaking 'Fear Factor' franchise that many fans remember fondly and have ramped it up to make it even more challenging and competitive than ever before," said Telegdy. "Once again, the contestants will have to face their ultimate fears to prevail -- and the tension and drama of that process will make for some riveting television." "Fear Factor" will step into its new day and time one week after the conclusion of "The Sing-Off" on December 5. "Fear Factor" returns to NBC with all-new episodes featuring new stunts that will thrill viewers while testing the stamina and nerves of the contestants. Advancements in technology have allowed the producers to develop stunts that are more fantastic than ever before - such as the "Towering Inferno" and the "Helicopter TNT Crash."
2034	Forever Knight	Forever Knight	Crime	8.7	Nick Knight is a 13th-century vampire living in modern-day Toronto. In an effort to regain his mortality, Knight atones for 700 years of evil by fighting crime as a homicide detective for the Toronto police.
2035	The Huntress	The Huntress	Drama	none	After a car bomb kills a bounty hunter, his widow and his daughter take up the family business.
2036	The Heavy Water War: Stopping Hitler's Atomic Bomb	The Heavy Water War: Stopping Hitler's Atomic Bomb	Drama	9.0	The story about the heavy water war unfolds during the prolouge, eruption and the end of the second world war. We follow the story of the the key personnel in the race of who develops the atomic bomb first.
2036	The Heavy Water War: Stopping Hitler's Atomic Bomb	Episode 1	Drama	9.0	During the second world war, Nobel price winner Werner Heisenberg is the head of the nazis atomic project. Heisenberg needs heavy water for the reactor he is building, only produced by Norwegian Hydro at Vemork. The creator of the heavy water factory, scientist and resistance fighter Leif Tronstad, come to be sucpicious of the german purchase of heavy water and contacts English intelligence.
2036	The Heavy Water War: Stopping Hitler's Atomic Bomb	Episode 2	Drama	9.0	Leif Tronstad assembles a sabotage group named Grouse. The aim is to assist the English commandos to blow up the water plant at Vemork. In Germany, Werner Heisenberg continues his work on the atomic reactor. Grouse is dropped over Hardangervidda and prepare a landing for the Englishmen.
2036	The Heavy Water War: Stopping Hitler's Atomic Bomb	Episode 3	Drama	9.0	The English mission fails and the allies now wants to bomb the heavy water plant. Leif Tronstad persuades them to submit a Norwegian special force group to blow up the factory. Tronstad collect saboteurs, name the group Gunnerside and start training.
2036	The Heavy Water War: Stopping Hitler's Atomic Bomb	Episode 4	Drama	9.0	Gunnerside lands on Hardangervidda and joins grouse. The twentyseventh of February, 1943, the 9 saboteurs skies down the mountain in the direction of Vemork to blow up the heavy water plant.he heavy water plant.
2036	The Heavy Water War: Stopping Hitler's Atomic Bomb	Episode 5	Drama	9.0	The Germans are hard at work rebuilding the heavy water factory after the sabotage. CEO Henriksen at Norwegian Hydro discovers that he is dangerously close to be labeled as a war collaborator and tries negotiate his way out. In England the Americans decide to bomb Rjukan and the factory at Vemork.
2036	The Heavy Water War: Stopping Hitler's Atomic Bomb	Episode 6	Drama	9.0	The Germans decide to move the heavy water factory to Germany and the allies once again decide to sabotage the German plan. Leif Tronstad arrives back in Norway to conduct operation "Sunshine".
2037	Akame Ga Kill!	Akame Ga Kill!	Action	8.0	Under the rule of a tyrannical empire, Tatsumi, a young swordsman, leaves his home to save his poverty stricken village. He meets a girl named Akame, an assassin who was bought, brainwashed and trained to kill by the Empire. Akame is a member of the secret assassin group called "Night Raid" who use special weapons called Teigu. Together, Tatsumi and the members of Night Raid confront the corrupt empire.
2038	Paranormal Survivor	Paranormal Survivor	Horror	none	Do you believe in ghosts, poltergeists, and demons? PARANORMAL SURVIVOR will take you through terrifying real-life encounters with the supernatural. Hear from those who've faced these feared spirits – and watch dramatic recreations that lure people back to the scenes of these harrowing confrontations.
2038	Paranormal Survivor	Possessed Objects	Horror	none	Entities possess an old photograph, a motorbike and even a vintage car, opening up a world of confusion and terror for the owners.
2038	Paranormal Survivor	Don't Invite Them In	Horror	none	It is never a good idea to invite ghosts to enter your life, as these members of the public found out.
2038	Paranormal Survivor	Ghost Children	Horror	none	Imaginary friends are pretty common for young children. But what happens when that friend is actually a ghost? One man lived to tell the tale, but was maimed for life after getting on the wrong side of his ghostly playmate.
2038	Paranormal Survivor	Spirit Protectors	Horror	none	Sometimes it's difficult to know if the spirit haunting you is an evil entity or a protective ghost.
2038	Paranormal Survivor	Territorial Spirits	Horror	none	When spirits think you're intruding on their turf, all hell can break loose. Three members of the public encounter spirits intent on reclaiming their space, at any cost to the humans who have intruded.
2038	Paranormal Survivor	When Ghosts Talk	Horror	none	Terrifying messages from beyond the grave leave ordinary people fearing for their safety.
2039	Just Shoot Me	Just Shoot Me	Comedy	9.0	Following her on-air sabotage of a testy television news anchorwoman, writer Maya Gallo suddenly finds herself out on the street. Unable to find a job and facing eviction from her apartment, she takes the advice of her roommate Wally and goes to see her estranged father, women's magazine editor Jack Gallo, for help. However, in order to see him, she must first run a gauntlet created by Jack's staff at Blush, including his assistant Dennis Finch, former model Nina Van Horn and head photographer Elliot Dimauro.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	Action	none	Jules Verne and friends battle the League of Darkness.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	In the Beginning	Action	none	The adventure begins. In Paris, Jules Verne, a student with the ambition of becoming a great novelist and playwright, unwittingly attracts the attentions of the League of Darkness and its leader, Count Gregory, with his visions of fantastic machines and ideas for the future.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	Queen Victoria and the Giant Mole	Action	none	Using an idea stolen from Jules Verne (from In the Beginning), the League of Darkness construct a giant underground tunneling machine, the "Mole." The League first kills a diplomat to get papers giving their own agent access to Queen Victoria, whom they plan to kill.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	Rockets of the Dead	Action	none	When Rebecca investigates the murder of a British envoy in London, she must go undercover as an actress to attract Angelo Rimini, Duke of Carpathia and the prime suspect.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	The Cardinal's Design (1)	Action	none	Rebecca has a friend of hers trying to decipher a secret code, behind the back of her superior. She is threatened with a scorpion in her bed, which she manages to kill. Phileas offers to help, but the codebreaker is killed under his protection by the mysterious Cavois.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	The Cardinal's Revenge (2)	Action	none	Still trapped in the time of the Three Musketeers, Rebecca is mistaken for Madame D'Urfe, an assassin hired to kill King Louis XIII. Jules and Phileas must persuade the Three Musketeers to reunite to rescue Rebecca, and save the King by defeating Richelieu.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	The Eyes of Lazarus	Action	none	The evil spirit of a dead mad anarchist, Lazarus, takes possession of Passepartout at a seance for Passepartout's recently-deceased Aunt Louisa. Lazarus, who died at the hands of Phileas, is intent on returning the favor.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	Lord of Air and Darkness (1)	Action	none	While investigating a country priest's murder, Jules is lured to a secret base of the League of Darkness, where they are creating a flying ship called the Prometheus. Jules accepts a commission at the behest of the ship's beautiful commander, unaware of the League's true purpose.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	Southern Comfort (2)	Action	none	Hoping to shift the balance of power in the United States' Civil War, the League of Darkness heads across the Atlantic in the Prometheus while being pursued by the crew of the Aurora.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	Let There Be Light	Action	none	The crew of the Aurora decide to go on a tour of the United States. They meet up with a young boy, Al, who they find is mechanically inclined and partially deaf. They also discover he is an incredible mechanical genius, having recreated the design of the Cardinal's Chariot (from The Cardinal's Design).
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	The Ballad of Steeley Joe	Action	none	While waiting for Passepartout to arrive from Baltimore with the Aurora, Jules, Rebecca, and Phileas pass the time aboard the gambling boat, the Memphis Belle; Phileas by gambling and Jules and Rebecca by socializing with a newspaperman, Sam Clemens
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	The Black Glove of Melchizedek	Action	none	Phileas Fogg comes into possession of a single black glove covered with Cabalistic symbols. The glove, it turns out, is being hunted by two men: a mysterious Cabalistic sorcerer named Vargas, and a Chinese mystic, Zai Chao.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	Dust to Dust	Action	none	A sarcophagus containing the remains of Nepka, an Egyptian high priest, is being transported to New York by Phileas Fogg for his old schoolmate, Professor Alexander Douglas, and an unusual woman, Adriana Locke.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	The Golem	Action	none	Traveling to Paris to celebrate Jules' birthday, Phileas, a disabled Rebecca, and Passepartout, along with Sir Hugo Bezel (chief architect of Paris), arrive just as a golem is on a murderous rampage through the city. After Jules is arrested for the crimes, Phileas and Rebecca each go about in their own way to discover the true murderer; Phileas by seducing the beautiful and talented Angelique, and Rebecca by dispatching Passepartout to do research. It is Jules, however, who unmasks the culprit.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	Crusader in the Crypt	Action	none	On assignment to find invasion plans, Rebecca escapes empty-handed from the castle of Prussian General von Kessler, with the aid of the Aurora and her cousin Phileas. They are then summoned back to Fogg Manor, Shillingsworth Magna, with the news that the body of Phileas's father has disappeared from the family crypt. The group travels to the manor, where a number of strange occurrences have been reported. The vicar has called in an exorcist, who seems smitten with Rebeccas' charms. Phileas, who left the Secret Service after his father's actions got his brother killed, is none too pleased or interested in the whole affair. Passepartout eventually discovers that Boniface's body wasn't stolen, but that the bones were reduced to dust by an electrical storm that triggered a discharge. The same discharge reanimated the skeleton that was in the crypt, that was brought back from the Crusades by Boniface's ancestor. The vicar believes the bones are those of an angel, but Jules believes they are of an alien. Meanwhile, von Kessler and his men are tracking Rebecca, who unknowingly has the plans after all. Jules, Phileas, and Rebecca are trapped in the church by von Kessler when the alien is reanimated. Fortunately it is friendly, and departs in a spaceship. The ship destroys the church, which provides enough of a distraction for the group to capture von Kessler. At the end, Phileas reconciles with his father's actions in life and lets Passepartout build a memorial fountain over the dusty remains of Boniface Fogg.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	The Strange Death of Professor Maréchal	Action	none	On the death of Professor Maréchal, his daughter persuades Jules and Phileas to take his remains to the coast, where they find the machine Maréchal created that can supposedly bring the dead back to life.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	The Rocket's Red Glare	Action	none	The group is summoned to British Columbia after an American General, Steele, is kidnapped by Indians from the British territory. To avoid a war between the two countries, Fogg and the others must find Steele.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	Rocket to the Moon	Action	none	While Jules tries to help Count Kugarin launch a rocket to the moon, Phileas gambles everything he owns against the Russian in a series of contests.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	The Inquisitor	Action	none	When a college friend of Rebecca's, Amateratsu, and her grandfather Kajimori travel to Paris, the grandfather is kidnapped by the Inquisitor, a member of the League of Darkness. Kajimori has knowledge of a potion of "enlightenment," which he has passed on to Amateratsu.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	Royalty	Action	none	While traveling over Montravia, the Aurora crashes and the local constabulary mistakes Passepartout for King Carl V, for whom he is a dead ringer.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	Secret of the Realm	Action	none	A ship carrying the Spanish Ambassador Senior Sel Fuego and his mysterious cargo runs aground in the Sargasso Sea, and Fuego seems to disappear into a mirror. While Verne is plagued by strange visions, the Foggs and Passepartout go to investigate, and the Foggs pass through a dimensional curtain. They are imprisoned, and find out that Count Gregory and the League of Darkness are behind the sceheme. By entering the other dimension, Phileas and Rebecca caused the creation of "Similars" back in the real world. Working together with the "Similar" of Fuego (who is also a prisoner), the three duplicates plan to kill Queen Victoria. Verne realizes his "friends" are imposters and convinces Sir Chatsworth. The two of them fail to convince the Queen, however. The real Phileas asks that Rebecca kill him, as this will destroy his own Similar. Apparently the Holy Grail, Fuego's cargo, recognizes his willingness to sacrifice himself and frees them. With the aid of Passepartout, who has been trapped aboard the Aurora within the magnetic field, they return to the real world, which destroys their Similars.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	The Victorian Candidate	Action	none	The League of Darkness executes an elaborate plan to kidnap Phileas and brainwash him into assassinating Queen Victoria.
2040	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	The Book of Knowledge	Action	none	When Jules contracts yellow fever in Tangiers, a famous doctor takes him for treatment to a Corsican hospital that is secretly controlled by the League of Darkness.
2041	Jpod	Jpod	Drama	none	The jPod universe chronicles the amoral, lighthearted and often shocking lives of five 'Podsters.' Set in an isolated work area inside the global headquarters of video gaming giant, Neotronic Arts, Ethan Jarlewski (David W. Kopp; Stargate-SG-1, Psych) and four co-worker pals are bureaucratically marooned in the basement all because of the Y2K virus and the simple fact that their surnames begin with the letter 'J.' The Podsters' lives are far from normal and they routinely deal with dim-witted bosses, sexual debauchery, gang warefare and gore-laced game designs. jPod also follows the lives of Ethan's seemingly ultranormal parents, Jim and Carol Jarlewski (Alan Thicke; Growing Pains and Sherry Miller; Queer as Folk). Jim and Carol are the new post-middle class, now enmeshed in growing marijuana, biker gangs and ballroom dancing. Full of amusing and evil twists, jPod is a startling and ground-breaking series about life in this new century. There is no map into the unknown, but we do have these five kids with a lot of heart and plenty of dark humor to lead the way.
2042	Doll & Em	Doll & Em	Comedy	none	Written by and starring real-life best friends Emily Mortimer and Dolly Wells, "Doll & Em" is a semi-improvised comedy exploring what happens when a Hollywood actress hires her childhood friend as a personal assistant while making a film in Los Angeles. A bittersweet, intimate portrait of female friendship, the series follows their relationship through unexpected complications and surprising twists.
2042	Doll & Em	Pilot	Comedy	none	New comedy series about female friendship between a Hollywood star and the lifetime best friend she hires to be her PA.
2042	Doll & Em	Episode 2	Comedy	none	At a party for the cast of Em's film, Doll gets a bitter taste of life as an assistant. And the pair are tested further during an encounter with Em's producer.
2042	Doll & Em	Episode 3	Comedy	none	The director casts Doll as an extra in the big scene. She manages to steal the spotlight from Em
2042	Doll & Em	Episode 4	Comedy	none	On set, Em's anxiety about her performance grows when she's distracted by a co-star.
2042	Doll & Em	Episode 5	Comedy	none	Em fears her career may be over while Doll is presented with the opportunity of a lifetime.
2042	Doll & Em	Episode 6	Comedy	none	Both girls are back in London. Doll's second audition amounts to nothing so she returns to her old waitressing job.
2042	Doll & Em	Episode 1	Comedy	none	Emily Mortimer (The Newsroom) and Dolly Wells (Spy) write and star in an original comedy about a Hollywood actress who hires her best friend as her assistant.
2042	Doll & Em	Episode 2	Comedy	none	At a party for the cast of Em's film, Doll gets a bitter taste of life as an assistant. Their friendship is tested further during an encounter with Em's producer.
2042	Doll & Em	Episode 3	Comedy	none	Tension mounts when Doll is cast as an extra in Em's big scene. The tables start to turn further when Doll is injured in an accident.
2042	Doll & Em	Episode 4	Comedy	none	Following Doll's accident, Em plays the role of star and assistant, but when things get too much and Em's acting performance suffers, Doll gets the blame.
2042	Doll & Em	Episode 5	Comedy	none	As Em worries she won't receive another film offer, Doll is presented with the opportunity of a lifetime and reveals some home truths to her friend.
2042	Doll & Em	Episode 6	Comedy	none	In the series finale, Doll and Em are both in London and the tension between them is palpable during a chance encounter. Is their friendship really over?
2043	Last Exile	Last Exile	Action	9.0	Soaring adventure and high-flying heroism fill the skies in Last Exile - Fam - The Silver Wing, a thrilling new chapter in the Last Exile saga!Years ago, humanity abandoned the ruined Earth. Generations later, with the planet again capable of sustaining life, mankind returned. In the skies above the reborn world, rebellious young Fam and her best friend Giselle make their living as Sky Pirates. Atop sleek Vespa Vanships, the girls dart fearlessly through the clouds, capturing and selling airborne battleships for profit. It's a life of care-free swashbuckling – until the Ades Federation attacks. The only nation to remain on Earth during humanity's exile, The Ades Federation wages war against those who returned only after the planet's darkest days had passed. When Fam and Giselle rescue a princess from the clutches of the rampaging Ades armada, they join the young royal's battle to save her Kingdom from destruction – and undertake the impossible mission of uniting humanity in peace.
2045	Medical Investigation	Medical Investigation	Drama	7.0	Neal McDonough (NBC's "Boomtown") and Kelli Williams ("The Practice") return to series television as members of a mobile medical team from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) who are summoned in a heartbeat to scope out -- and hopefully snuff out -- outbreaks of unexplained and fearful diseases. When people are suffering from a mysterious and deadly illness, which turns them blue, the team must work to put the pieces together to find the source of this potentially deadly epidemic.
2046	Miracles	Miracles	Drama	5.0	Paul Callan (Skeet Ulrich) is an investigator of modern miracles whose own faith becomes tested with each new mundane explanation. Then something happens that changes everything. A young boy with the power to heal saves Paul's life — and pays for it with his own. But before the boy dies, they both see the words "God Is Now Here" written in Paul's blood, launching Paul on an odyssey of paranormal investigation and spiritual awakening.Paul finds a kindred spirit in a former Harvard professor turned investigator of the occult (Angus Macfadyen), who opens Paul's eyes to the growing number of "strange occurrences" that may signal a much more sinister revelation. Teaming up with a former police officer (Marisa Ramirez), these investigators explore the unexplained and try to find a solution to the coming "darkness" before it's too late.
2047	Mike Hammer	Mike Hammer	Drama	8.0	Created by acclaimed detective-noir author Mickey Spillane, private eye Mike Hammer (Stacy Keach) is a hard-boiled, two-fisted detective who mixes it up with tough guys on a mission, clean and dirty cops on the beat and drop-dead gorgeous dames with plenty of attitude. A steamy throwback to the classic film noir thrillers of the 50's. Mike Hammer is one tough cookie.
2048	Sengoku Basara	Sengoku Basara	Action	none	You've never seen founding fathers like these before: rival warlords who include ninjas, samurai warriors, and pirates hack and slash their way to total domination. But when a supreme evil - the Demon Lord Oda Nobunaga - threatens the land, these fierce generals launch a co-op campaign of annihilation and build an army of armies to obliterate their common foe.
2049	Claymore	Claymore	Action	9.0	A brutal scourge stalks the land. Yoma, monsters driven by a hunger satisfied by only one quarry – Humanity. The dark breed knows but a singular foe: Claymore. Human-Yoma hybrids of extraordinary strength and cunning, the Claymores roam from skirmish to skirmish delivering salvation by the edge of a blade.Thus begins the twisting tale of Clare, one such sister of the sword driven by pain in both victory and defeat. A child silent and suffering hidden in her past, Clare's march toward vengeance unfolds along a path marked by violence, solitude and scorn. In a land where even the predator is prey, the haunted hearts of hunter and hunted alike wear the scars of the age.
2050	Nash Bridges	Nash Bridges	Drama	9.0	The life and cases of Inspector Nash Bridges (Don Johnson) of the Special Investigations Unit (SIU) and his quirky partner Inspector Joe Dominguez (Cheech Marin) as they keep tabs on crime in the scenic Bay Area in Bridge's electric yellow 1971 Plymouth Barracuda. Don Johnson recreates the iconic success of Miami Vice with his fashionable flair and electrifying rapport with Marin with a backdrop of the breath-taking San Francisco Bay Area.
2051	Steins Gate	Steins Gate	Drama	9.0	The microwave is a time machine. Okarin proved it. The self-anointed mad scientist nuked bananas into some gelatinous version of the future. Or maybe it was the past. Doesn't matter. No one thought he could do it, but he did it anyway. He sent text messages through time to people he knew. To his friends. Some of them female. Pretty. He should have been more careful. He should have stopped. Tampering with the time-space continuum attracts unwelcome attention. Clandestine organizations of nefarious origins take notice. SERN. Always watching. Okarin knows; he can feel their eyes. That s why he started the top secret Future Gadget Lab. To stop them. You should join. We get to wear lab coats, and it's dangerous. Danger is exciting because it's deadly. The microwave is a time machine. Steins;Gate is a surreal viewing experience that s an absolute must watch for all fans of sci-fi.
2052	UnREAL	UnREAL	Drama	6.2	Set against the backdrop of the hit dating competition show Everlasting, "UnREAL" is led by flawed heroine Rachel Goldberg, a young producer whose sole job is to manipulate her relationships with, and among, the contestants to get the vital dramatic and outrageous footage that the program's dispassionate executive producer, Quinn King (Zimmer), demands. What ensues is an eye-opening look at what happens in the outrageous world of unscripted television, where being a contestant can be vicious and being a producer a whole other reality.
2052	UnREAL	Return	Drama	6.2	A producer, Rachel Goldberg, works to manipulate relationships on a dating show in order to film outrageous footage as the series begins.
2052	UnREAL	Relapse	Drama	6.2	A family tragedy strikes one of the girls; Quinn offers a cash bonus to Jay, Shia and Rachel to create the season's villain out of the remaining girls; Rachel's old laptop falls into the wrong hands and threatens to expose intimate details of her past relationship with Jeremy.
2052	UnREAL	Mother	Drama	6.2	Rachel is forced to ask her mother for financial support. Her mother agrees but the loan comes with strings attached that affect Rachel's mental well-being. Back at the mansion, Adam's best friend makes waves on set when he is asked to choose three of the women for a romantic dinner date with Adam. Meanwhile, Quinn tends to Chet after a health scare; and Lizzie discovers details about Jeremy and Rachel's history.
2052	UnREAL	Wife	Drama	6.2	The girls get upset when a tabloid exposes news about Adam's past; Rachel produces a romantic date at Adam's vineyard; Quinn revisits an old relationship when she realizes she will always be the "other woman" in Chet's life; Jeremy receives a promotion.
2052	UnREAL	Truth	Drama	6.2	The crew heads to Mississippi for Faith's hometown date with Adam; Rachel makes a discovery.
2052	UnREAL	Fly	Drama	6.2	Adam meets Mary's family when the show arranges their one-on-one date; Rachel and Quinn make some questionable decisions to win a bet with Chet.
2052	UnREAL	Saviour	Drama	6.2	Tragedy hits the set affecting the contestants and everyone behind the scenes.
2052	UnREAL	Two	Drama	6.2	With he final elimination ceremony just around the corner, Adam is offered an interesting proposal.
2052	UnREAL	Princess	Drama	6.2	Quinn and Rachel think about their future/ The final three contestants make their way back to Adam's vineyard.
2052	UnREAL	Future	Drama	6.2	An unwanted guest returns to the set; Rachel is betrayed; Adam makes a decision that changes his life forever.
2054	Love/Hate	Love/Hate	Drama	none	He skipped Dublin when a gun was found in his house and he's been living for the past year in Spain but Darren Tracey decides to risk it and come back to Dublin. He's homesick and a party for his brother's release from prison is the perfect excuse. It's only for the weekend but sometimes life is full of surprises - especially if you and your friends are in gangland. When one of the gang is killed, suspicion runs rife and thoughts turn to revenge.
2054	Love/Hate	Episode 1	Drama	none	After almost losing everything to DI Moynihan's sting operation, Nidge travels to Spain to negotiate with wholesale supplier Terence May for a new drugs shipment. Meanwhile in Dublin his enemies are closing in: Siobhan is acting as informant to Moynihan; Patrick has returned to Dublin determined to kill Nidge; and tensions between Nidge and maverick Fran are reaching boiling point.
2054	Love/Hate	Episode 2	Drama	none	With Pauley's help, Nidge is back in business and arrangements are made for the first shipment under the new deal. Meanwhile Moynihan wrestles with a labyrinthine Garda bureaucracy.
2054	Love/Hate	Episode 3	Drama	none	Fran is banged up in prison but he and Nidge both still conspire to have each other killed, while Siobhan finds her dangerous drug fuelled double life is spiralling out of control.
2054	Love/Hate	Episode 4	Drama	none	Siobhan is increasingly caught between her quest for revenge and her growing love for Pauley - while Nidge may have found a way to get to Fran in prison.
2054	Love/Hate	Episode 5	Drama	none	In the aftermath of Pauley's death Siobhan must face her most terrifying opponent yet as Terence May flies in from Spain to lay his nephew to rest - and to find the truth.
2054	Love/Hate	Episode 6	Drama	none	Nidge is summoned back to Spain, where Terence demands a terrible price for his continued support, while Siobhan and Moynihan reach an unholy deal of their own.
2055	71 Degrees North	71 Degrees North	Action	none	Kate Thornton and Gethin Jones present a brand new adventure reality series in which 10 celebrities go on a spectacular and challenging race deep into the Arctic Circle. The stars taking part are Shane Richie, Andrew Castle, Gavin Henson, Michelle Mone, Susie Amy, Diarmuid Gavin, Lauren Socha, Konnie Huq, Marcus Patric and Joe Absolom. Their journey begins with an action-packed dog sled race to win a night in the warm. Then they face a mid-winter swim in the icy waters of a Norwegian fjord - wearing just swimsuits. Each week the group must vote for one person to leave the expedition. Who has what it takes to survive the extreme conditions and make it to the end of the trek?
2055	71 Degrees North	Episode 1	Action	none	Kate Thornton and Gethin Jones present a brand new adventure reality series in which 10 celebrities go on a spectacular and challenging race deep into the Arctic Circle. The stars taking part are Shane Richie, Andrew Castle, Gavin Henson, Michelle Mone, Susie Amy, Diarmuid Gavin, Lauren Socha, Konnie Huq, Marcus Patric and Joe Absolom. Their journey begins with an action-packed dog sled race to win a night in the warm. Then they face a mid-winter swim in the icy waters of a Norwegian fjord - wearing just swimsuits. Each week the group must vote for one person to leave the expedition. Who has what it takes to survive the extreme conditions and make it to the end of the trek?
2055	71 Degrees North	Episode 2	Action	none	Nine stars remain to continue their race into the Arctic Circle, and now they face another extreme challenge. One contender suffers a physical and emotional breakdown on a terrifying canyon crossing while another must face his fear of heights when it comes time to climb a 30 metre-high frozen waterfall. Who will be sent home today?
2055	71 Degrees North	Episode 3	Action	none	The remaining eight contestants reach the Arctic Circle with the weather closing in. They are challenged to scale a mountain on skis and build a snow cave, which leads to one of them needing treatment for dehydration, exhaustion and early stage hypothermia. The prospect of a night buried under ten feet of snow terrifies another claustrophobic star. Who will be eliminated today?
2056	3 Days	3 Days	Drama	none	A drama about a case that occurs in three days between secret service agents in the Blue House. The South Korean President travels to a villa to enjoy his vacation. After three gunshots are fired, he disappears. His bodyguard Han Tae Kyung (Park Yoo Chun) attempts to find the President
2056	3 Days	Episode 1	Drama	none	Han Tae Kyung, member of the secret service, is suspended for missing his mark, leaving the president vulnerable during a dangerous public outing. At the very same time, Tae Kyung's father dies due to complications from a suspicious car accident. Officer Yoon Bo Won comes to see Tae Kyung at the funeral, and as the two separately start to investigate what happens to his father, Tae Kyung learns of a possible threat to the president.
2057	Air City	Air City	Drama	none	There is a national border that links the Korean peninsula to countries all over the world. Incheon International Airport. Tens of thousands of passengers, thousands of tons of freight, and hundreds of airplanes that take off and land at this place. With 30,000 airport employees working to keep the airport open 24 hours a day, the place even has its own mini government as 21 government agencies are located on the airport premises. Airport is more than just an airport: It is a small city. Just like how one airplane part is essential to the safety of the whole flight, every single person who works at Incheon Airport plays an important role in handling the airplane take-offs and landings. "Aircity" is a story about these dedicated people.
2058	Air America	Air America	Action	4.0	Rio and his buddy Wiley are supposedly just ordinary pilots working for the Latin American air transport company Air America. In truth, they are undercover secret agents receiving their orders directly from the State Department in Washington. As part of their duties they investigate international crime, protect witnesses, rescue people who need rescuing, and occasionally get themselves out of messes that their boss, Furman, keeps getting them into as he tries to line his own pockets.
2058	Air America	Lost City	Action	4.0	For several hundred years there's been a near mythical story in Buenaventura - about a large treasure of gold that can be found in the so-called ""lost city"". Eva Bergeron, a beautiful German archeologist, has an old map and hires Rio to help her look for the treasure. However, Carlos Rey De Lupos, the Minister of Antiquities, wants the map for himself and kidnaps Eva. Rio prepares to rescue Eva but finds out that she hasn't been completely honest: she's no archeologist...
2058	Air America	Hostage Situation	Action	4.0	Shortly before the local election is to take place in Buenaventura is to take place, the political situation is tense. The governement - led by the brutal General Carlato - desperstely tries to hold on to the power, so a group of revolutionaries take over the Parador Hotel; the hostages including Alison and her visiting (and rather unsympathetic) father. Rio faces a difficult task as he tries to solve the conflict peacefully.
2058	Air America	Crosshairs	Action	4.0	Lucie Ortega, a beautiful nightclub singer at the Club Saludos, contacts Rio for help. She needs to leave Buenaventura immediately to be with her sick mother in the Andes but cannot leave unless her boss at the club pays her the 75 million Pesos he owes her. Rio - not knowing that Lucie has been sent to him by the always unreliable Furman - naturally agrees to help an attractive damsell in distress, and goes to the Club Saludos and gets the money from Lucie's boss, Mesarigos. Shortly afterwards, Mesarigos is found murdered, and Lucie and the money have vanished. Rio, who was Mesarigos' last visitor, gets charged with murder.
2058	Air America	Abduction	Action	4.0	Multi-millionaire William Dayton (a friend of Alison's father) arrives in Buenaventura to discuss taking over Rio's route. Rio, however, is more concerned about why local villagers are disappearing at an alarming rate. When his good friend Alma, the local medicine woman, disappears too, a concerned Rio enlists Wiley's help. They uncover a conspiracy to kidnap villagers to take their organs and sell them on the black market.
2058	Air America	Seller's Market	Action	4.0	When a satellite accidentally crashes into the jungle, Jenner asks Rio to accompany the recovery team on their retrieval mission. One of the expedition members is Dr. Marie Deschaux, the sexy French scientist who designed the satellite. Marie has ulterior motives for wanting to get to the satellite so quickly: she has secretly used plutonium in the satellite, so she is intent on killing everyone who finds out. Rio reluctantly has to help her find it before the plutonium kills thousands of innocent people.
2058	Air America	Rebound	Action	4.0	The American Ambassador in Buenaventura is blackmailed by corrupt industrial Mark McCormick. McCormick demands that his son, Peter, be given this political post. Peter himself, however, has no interest in a political career. All he wants is to be happy with his fiancÃ©e Jennifer. Jennifer is an old flame of Rio's, and when the two of them meet, the old passion is re-ignited.
2058	Air America	The Hit	Action	4.0	Rio and Wiley are ordered by Furman to protect the life of Ramon Estrada, a filthy gangster in Buenaventura, who has made enemies in the mob. Furman wants to protect him because Estrada has proven himself to be a useful snitch. An assassin is coming to Costa Perdida to end his life. Wiley sets up secret video cameras in all the rooms at the Parador Hotel to try and figure out which of the new guests is the killer. But Estrada has many enemies, and finding the real assissin turns out to be difficult.
2058	Air America	High Noon in Costa Perdida	Action	4.0	Fantini, the world champion in 'Ultimate Fighting' shows up in Buenaventura wanting to buy the whole island to turn it into a holiday paradise. He uses brutal violence to reach his goal but gets challenged by Rio and Wiley.
2058	Air America	Till Death	Action	4.0	Annie is on the run from her ex-husband Rick, a violent, alcoholic marine. She seeks protection from Rio, and the two start an affair. But with dramatic consequences.
2058	Air America	Fever	Action	4.0	Costa Perdida is struck by a virus epidemic. The government is doing nothing to stop the disease. On the contrary, they are doing all they can to cover up the epidemic. The only ones battling the deadly killer-virus are Rio, Wiley and sexy epidemic-expert Dr. Harley Shaw. Suddenly, Rio starts getting the symptoms of the disease...
2058	Air America	The Witness	Action	4.0	In a park, a teenager named Henry witnesses a diplomat being assassinated. This puts Henry's own life in jeopardy: the government is dead-set on avoiding a political crisis and want to pass off the diplomat's death as a suicide. Rio and Wiley are brought in to bring Henry to safety but he gets kidnapped. Rio does all he can to rescue the boy.
2058	Air America	Old Gold	Action	4.0	Somewhere in Costa Perdida, an old gold treasure is buried. At least that is what Vietnam vet Al Craven - an old war buddy of Rio's father Frank - claims. Rio is suspicious towards Craven and with good reason it turns out.
2058	Air America	Fear of Flying	Action	4.0	Wiley suddenly faces a problem he has never encountered before: the experienced pilot is suddenly afraid of flying! A puzzled Rio brings Wiley to see Dr. Veronica Brady, a sexy psychiatrist. Veronica discovers that Wiley is under the influence of the dangerous drug Phanx Am. But how has Wiley gotten this drug in his body?
2058	Air America	Engraved Danger	Action	4.0	A left-wing extremist group rob a money transport and get away with printing plates for $100 bills. Rio and Wiley are ordered to seek out the robbers in their hiding place in the jungle. However, both Rio and Wiley end up captured, and learn they will face an execution squadron tomorrow...
2058	Air America	Catch-23	Action	4.0	Otani, a corrupt member of the OSI, sends out a group of soldiers to track down and kill Rio's father Frank, who is hiding in the jungle. Rio manages to locate his father before the soldiers, and finds Frank badly wounded in a hut. Frank reveals the true for why 'Operation Jaguar' failed, which is the reason he has gone in hiding.
2058	Air America	Eye of the Storm	Action	4.0	An enormous hurricane threatens Costa Perdida. Rio and Wiley bring the villagers to safety, while they themselves take cover in a safe building. Suddenly, Rio's arch enemy, ex-OSI Officer Henry Stanley shows up. Will Rio finally be able to properly confront the traitor once and for all?
2058	Air America	The Court Martial of Rio Arnett	Action	4.0	Rio is court-marshaled; suspected of having traded stolen arms with the enemy. The testimony of OSI director Willard Jenner could save Rio from the death sentence but Jenner is nowhere to be found. Wiley starts a desperate search to re-find Jenner, while the noose quickly tightens around Rio's neck...
2058	Air America	The Rescue	Action	4.0	A woman hires Rio and Wiley to rescue her daughter Carmen, who has been kidnapped by her father, a Buenaventuran drug kingpin.
2058	Air America	Blown Away	Action	4.0	Renowned and ambitious reporter Molly Murphy hires Rio to fly her to Concho so she can interview the famous land owner Emilio Correno. What looks like a purely routine flight, quickly becomes dangerous when Rio discovers that the gas tank has been tampered with. The helicopter threatens to crash...
2058	Air America	Heartbreak Hotel	Action	4.0	After many years absence, physician Marco Ramos returns to Costa Perdida to care for his heart-sick mother. However, Marco's brother Reynaldo cannot forgive Marco for having abandoned him and their mother all those years ago, and wants to kill him in revenge. Rio and Wiley must try to prevent a bloodbath.
2058	Air America	Red Sub	Action	4.0	Rio and Wiley are alarmed when Russian arms-dealer Victor shows up in Buenaventura to meet with a drug boss. Their concerns are certainly justified: a Russian naval base report one of their submarines as missing. Rio and Wiley must risk their lives in order to stop Victor's dangerous dealings.
2058	Air America	American Gulag	Action	4.0	An old man - allegedly a Dutchman - arrives in Buenaventura. In reality, though, he is the Russian Nicolai Vyshenko, a former politician under Stalin and a notorious killer. Recently, Vyshenko has turned to another field of activity: along with his son, he now leads a camp on the island, in which young children a trained to become killers. Rio and Wiley set out to put and end to this.
2058	Air America	Betrayal	Action	4.0	Former war hero and diplomat Frank Arnett is working for the organization OSI (Organization for Strategical Intervention), which battles drug trafficing in Central- and South America. Currently, Frank leads a mission called 'Operation Jaguar', which includes getting Hector Ramirez - courier between the drug cartel and the corrupt government Buenaventura - brought to America along with his cartel ledgers that can bring the bad guys down. Hector's only demand is that his girlfriend Isabella must be taken to America as well. Frank requests that his son, Navy pilot Rio Arnett, be brought in to help with the mission. OSI director Willard Jenner okays Rio's involvment but Henry Stanley, another important OSI figure, is vehemently oppsosed to the idea. Rio goes to Buenaventura and discovers that on the mission he'll also be working with his old pal Wiley Ferrell. Wiley briefly shows Rio around, including the Parador Hotel, the only hotel around which is run by the beautiful Allison Stratton.
2058	Air America	Safe Passage	Action	4.0	Jenner is hospitalized with a mysterious virus infection and is growingly suspicious towards Stanley. Meanwhile, Rio is back in Buenaventura and gets aquainted with Allison Stratton, the new manager of the Parador Hotel. Allison detests Wiley and disagrees with the way he and Rio conduct their flights. She wants them to improve the look of the airport and give the tourists a better first impression so they'll want to stay at her hotel. Rio refuses to believe his father is dead and one night he is approached by a mysterious woman. She gives him Frank's pin and claims Frank gave this to a woman in trouble who needs Rio's help. Later, when Rio talks about the mystery woman, Pablo the mechanic tells him this must be 'la curandera', a strange woman who suddenly appears when people are in need of help. Her real name is Alma. The corrupt Stanley arrives in Buenaventura and meets up with his associate, State Department official Edward Furman. They go after Isabella, who is in possession of Hec
2058	Air America	The Cure	Action	4.0	Beautiful scientist Dr. Katrina Young is assigned by a pharmasuitical company to search for healing plants in the primeval forrest. But Katrina can even chalk down her initial results, the research camp is blown up in an explosion. The company calls Katrina back home and she turns to Rio and Wiley for help. They quickly get their hands full and just barely manage to save Katrina from a murder attempt.
2058	Air America	The Miracle	Action	4.0	The beautiful Elisa McCarran convinces Rio to help search for her missing husband. Elisa's doctor husband was on a rescue mission when his plane went down, and he has now officially been declared dead. The search proves perilous, and the forthcoming solar eclipe is just one of the reasons for this.
2059	Sword Art Online	Sword Art Online	Drama	10.0	In the near future, a Virtual Reality Massive Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game (VRMMORPG) called Sword Art Online has been released where players control their avatars with their bodies using a piece of technology called: Nerve Gear. One day, players discover they cannot log out, as the game creator is holding them captive unless they reach the 100th floor of the game's tower and defeat the final boss. However, if they die in the game, they die in real life. Their struggle for survival starts now...
2060	Sidonia no Kishi	Sidonia no Kishi	Adventure	none	A thousand years after the alien Gauna destroyed the Earth, a small remnant of humanity still fights on to survive, fleeing on the gargantuan asteroid-based spaceship Sidonia. But centuries of flight and warfare have changed mankind in incredible ways: genetic engineering has allowed humans to photosynthesize like plants, reproduction occurs through cloning, and a third gender has been created to balance the population. Even though it's been a century since the last encounter with the Gauna, military service is mandatory, with all those able enough enlisted to pilot the Garde robots that stand as Sidonia's front line of defense. For Nagate Tanikaze, whose grandfather secretly hid him in the forgotten bowels of the asteroid, it's a strange new world as he's forced to come to the surface and join the ranks of defenders. Yet his recruitment comes just in time, for the Gauna have suddenly reappeared, and what could be man's last battle will require every resource humanity has left. And what no one knows, yet, is that Nagate is not exactly what he seems, and a secret buried in his past may change the fate of all mankind!
2061	Elfen Lied	Elfen Lied	Drama	9.0	Nyu is a babe in the woods.Lucy is a vicious killer.If only they didn t share the same body!A strange girl washes up on shore naked, unable to communicate, scared and alone. Another, a powerful mutant, uses her inhuman telekinetic powers to escape from her prison and leaves a trail of death and destruction behind her. These two couldn t be more opposite...except for the fact that they are both the same person. When two cousins give the strange girl shelter, will they come to realise the deadly secret that lies inside the mind of this horrible monster?
2062	Space Dandy	Space Dandy	Anime	none	Space Dandy is a dandy in space! This dreamy adventurer with a to-die-for pompadour travels across the galaxy in search of aliens no one has ever laid eyes on. Each new species he discovers earns him a hefty reward, but this dandy has to be quick on his feet because it's first come first served! Accompanied by his sidekicks, a rundown robot named QT and Meow the cat-looking space alien, Dandy bravely explores unknown worlds inhabited by a variety aliens. Join the best dressed alien hunter in all of space and time as he embarks on an adventure that ends at the edge of the universe!
2063	Amnesia	Amnesia	Action	none	When the heroine regains consciousness in an unfamiliar place, she has suddenly lost all memories of everything that happened before August 1. What is this place, and what was she doing there? Who is she, and what sort of life had she lived?
2064	Battle for the Atlantic	Battle for the Atlantic	War	9.0	The stakes were simple. Win the Battle of the Atlantic, win the war. For six years, an undulating warzone spanning 2,800 miles was the setting for one of the most bitterly fought battles of World War II. German U-boats ravaged convoys of British Canadian supply ships, sending thousands of merchants to a watery grave, along with millions of tons of vital supplies. Britain was cut off and on the brink of surrender, an act that would give Hitler control of Europe. Britain had to somehow turn the tide. The outcome of World War II depended on it.
2064	Battle for the Atlantic	Wolfpack Rising	War	9.0	Winston Churchill said the only thing that frightened him during World War II was the U-boat peril, and for good reason. A mere 15 months into the war, fleets of the German subs, known as "wolfpacks," sink 2.5 million tons of shipping supplies from Canada, nearly starving Britain into submission. Surrender would mean Europe now belonged to Hitler. Relive these early days of this Atlantic struggle through the harrowing stories of German and British soldiers, and witness it all via stirring reenactments and explosive archival war footage.
2064	Battle for the Atlantic	The Brink of Defeat	War	9.0	Pearl Harbor changes the Battle of the Atlantic forever. Both sides have what they want: England and Canada have their American ally and German Commander Karl Donitz will soon have 300 U-boats ready to stalk the oceans. The goals are the same, but the battlefield is about to change. The "Convoy War" is set to engulf the Eastern seaboard of the U.S. and Donitz is about to teach the U.S. Navy a painful lesson in the art of submarine warfare. Witness it all through vivid battle footage, reenactments and witness testimony from allies and enemies.
2064	Battle for the Atlantic	Death Blow	War	9.0	It's 1943 and German U-boats continue to decimate allied shipping. The allies must find a way to defeat Admiral Karl Donitz's "wolfpack" or they will lose the war. The stakes have never been higher, the battles have never been larger and the casualties have never been higher. By the time World War II ends, no other branch of the armed forces will suffer as a high a mortality rate. Hear the stories from the German and allied soldiers, who still carry with them the haunting memories of the Battle of the Atlantic.
2064	Battle for the Atlantic	The Hunt	War	9.0	"Wolfpacks," teams of German U-boats that attack at night, are sinking convoys of allied ships along with Britain's hopes of ever controlling the Atlantic. However, the development of radar allows escort warships to lock in on U-boats ten miles away. This new technology, plus the lucky discovery of German codebooks and equipment, gives Britain the upper hand, but the triumph is short-lived. Hitler orders the mass production of U-boats and the carnage continues. Britain needs America's help, and thanks to the Japanese, their wish comes true.
2065	Freezing	Freezing	Comedy	none	Set in a slightly futuristic world where Earth has been invaded and is at war with aliens from another dimension called the Nova, the story follows the adventures of a Japanese boy named Kazuya Aoi who enrolls for training at a special school for genetically modified girls called Pandoras who battle the aliens, and their male partners, called Limiters, who use a special power called "freezing" to limit their opponent's mobility. The protagonist makes the acquaintance of an unusual older girl named Bridgette L. Satellizer who appears to be the most powerful Pandora in her class, but has not yet chosen a male partner to be her Limiter, and in spite of the warnings of all his friends, he decides to be her Limiter.
2066	Tokyo Ravens	Tokyo Ravens	Action	none	Harutora may seem like an ordinary guy, but he's actually a descendent of an ancient and powerful clan of omyouji. Born without the family talent for magic, he'd always believed he was destined for a normal, boring existence. All that changed the day Natsume, a beautiful face from Harutora's past, barged back into his life and forever altered the course of his future. When her sudden arrival leads to a violent and tragic encounter with a magical prodigy, Harutora agrees to fulfill a childhood vow by accompanying Natsume to the clandestine Onmyo Academy. Together, along with their incredible onmyouji classmates, they'll attempt to survive life at a school where not even magic can get you out of your homework.
2067	Oniichan Dakedo Ai Sae Areba Kankeinai Yo Ne!	Oniichan Dakedo Ai Sae Areba Kankeinai Yo Ne!	Drama	1.0	The story centers around Akito Himenokōji, a boy who was separated from his twin sister Akiko, but they end up living under the same roof together during high school.
2068	Nobunagun	Nobunagun	Action	none	Shio Ogura, a seemingly normal Japanese high school student, who, while visiting Taiwan on a school trip, is suddenly attacked by monsters. Agents known as "E-Gene Holders" from the government agency DOGOO also arrive, who wield weapons infused with the spirits of historical figures. However in the midst of it all, Shio is revealed to also be an E-Gene Holder when the soul of Oda Nobunaga awakens after she tries to rescue a friend.
2069	Fairy Tail	Fairy Tail	Action	10.0	The story follows a teenage girl named Lucy Heartfilla who is determined to join the notorious magical Fairy Tail Guild. During a daring rescue, she encounters Natsu who is part of the guild and eventually offers her a place. They become teammates performing various missions for the Fairy Tail Guild.
2070	Hagane no Renkinjutsushi	Hagane no Renkinjutsushi	Action	9.0	Fullmetal Alchemist (鋼の錬金術師, Hagane no Renkinjutsushi?, literally "Alchemist of Steel"), is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiromu Arakawa. The world of Fullmetal Alchemist is styled after the European Industrial Revolution. Set in a fictional universe in which alchemy is one of the most advanced scientific techniques known to man, the story follows the brothers Edward and Alphonse Elric, who want to restore their bodies after a disastrous failed attempt to bring their mother back to life through alchemy.Source: wikipedia
2071	Hagane no Renkinjutsushi	Hagane no Renkinjutsushi	Action	none	Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood is set in a fictional world where alchemy – the transmutation of raw materials into objects – is science, and the way of life. The series follows the Elric brothers, Edward and Alphonse, on their perilous journey in search of the legendary "Philosopher's Stone". They set forth hoping that the magical artifact can restore their bodies after a failed attempt to revive their dead mother cost Edward his left leg and right arm, while Alphonse's entire body was taken away leaving his soul affixed to a suit of armor.Source: Anime News Network
2072	Ranma ½	Ranma ½	Comedy	5.0	After taking a surprise dip in a cursed spring while on a training journey in China, martial artist Ranma Saotome and his father, Genma, aren t quite themselves anymore. Now Ranma turns into a girl whenever he s splashed with cold water, and Genma turns into a panda! Their new forms cause nothing but confusion at the Tendo dojo, where Soun Tendo is waiting to introduce one of his three daughters to Ranma as his fiancée! Turns out Genma and Soun arranged the match long ago, but the girl, Akane, and the boy, Ranma, aren t exactly crazy about the idea, or each other! Or are they? Watch the gender switching, jealous rages, and martial arts battles unfold all over again!
2073	Impastor	Impastor	Comedy	8.5	"Impastor" is a dark comedy from Christopher Vane ("Wings") starring Michael Rosenbaum as Buddy Dobbs, a slacker on the run from his gambling debt. Just when he's about to end his misery and jump off a bridge, a reverend shows up and talks him down. When the reverend slips off the bridge and falls to his death, he leaves Buddy with the unlikely opportunity to steal the man's identity and pose as the new gay pastor of a small, tight-knight town, leaving his bartender ex-girlfriend Leanne (Aimee Garcia) to clean up the huge mess he left behind. Buddy begins to settle into his new life as a pastor with the help of his preppy new assistant Dora (Sara Rue), alluring church treasurer Alexa (Mircea Monroe) and enthusiastic secretary Russell (Mike Kosinski) - but the church president, Alden Schmidt (David Rasche) senses that something isn't quite right. Curing sex crazed teenagers, stealing kids' weed and reading Bible scripture may not be a bad gig for Buddy after all. Only time will tell how long he can keep up the façade.
2073	Impastor	Genesis	Comedy	8.5	A lowlife who is on the run after having having created gambling debts cons a small town into thinking that he is their new pastor.
2073	Impastor	On The Third Day.	Comedy	8.5	Buddy returns home to attend his own funeral, but his new home is in an uproar after a couple of people are found dead and evidence sees Buddy as a suspect.
2073	Impastor	Bird Of Pray	Comedy	8.5	After Buddy's first sermon, Schmidt calls in the bishop to assess his competence; Dora has an unusual request for Buddy; Alexa and Russell compete for Buddy's affection.
2073	Impastor	Thou Shalt Not Steal	Comedy	8.5	To pay off another gambling loss, Buddy steals a ruby necklace from a woman in a coffin. Dora and Alexa have a falling out over a church fashion show and Schmidt becomes smitten with a mystery woman.
2073	Impastor	Ex-Communication	Comedy	8.5	When Buddy tries to help Alexa escape her dark past, he puts both of their lives in danger. Dora has a meltdown when she learns her ex-fiance is getting married.
2073	Impastor	Honor Thy Boyfriend's Father and Mother	Comedy	8.5	Buddy surprises Russell's parents with a revelation about Russell, then gets a huge surprise of his own. Alexa instructs Dora in the art of self-pleasuring.
2073	Impastor	The Body of Kenny Compels You	Comedy	8.5	When Kenny's dead body is found, Buddy has to answer to Alexa, Schmidt and the police. A young blackmailer photographs the new pastor in a very compromising position.
2073	Impastor	Bingo Tell It on the Mountain	Comedy	8.5	Buddy is threatened by a new family in town; Dora asks Buddy for help to overcome a strange addiction; and Schmidt has a rendezvous with Ashlee.
2073	Impastor	Flings & Arrows	Comedy	8.5	An unexpected delivery threatens to expose Buddy as a fraud. Schmidt's wife accuses him of having an affair. A hired assassin comes to Ladner looking for Buddy.
2073	Impastor	Exodus	Comedy	8.5	Knowing there's a hit out on him, Buddy is forced to flee Ladner forever.
2074	Starman	Starman	Drama	none	The alien returns to find and assist the child he fathered 14 years before on his visit to Earth. When he arrives, he takes on the identity of Paul Forrester, a prize-winning free-lance photographer with a rather wild reputation killed in a helicopter accident. He finds the child and his mother have been separated. Paul convinces Scott to help him to locate Jenny, his friend from his first visit to Earth. Unfortunately, their search is plagued by George Fox, a paranoid government agent who feels Paul and Scott are dangerous and wants to capture, examine, and probably kill them.
2074	Starman	The Return	Drama	none	Photographer Paul Forrester decides to photograph an erupting volcano when he is caught in the eruption and killed. At the same time, the Starman has returned to seek Jenny Hayden and their child. He clones the dead photographer's body and finds his son, whose name is Scott and is living in an orphanage. George Fox has decided that the Starman's initial visit was a reconnaissance mission for a potential invasion, and believes that he will return. He sets up a department and begins the hunt.
2074	Starman	Like Father, Like Son	Drama	none	Deciding that hitch-hiking is too inefficient a method of travel, Paul and Scott decide to buy an automobile, and after making the purchase pick up a mother and daughter who have car trouble. After dropping off the car at a garage and finding a hotel, Paul and Scott discover that the police are after their friends as well.
2074	Starman	Fatal Flaw	Drama	none	Forrester and Scott decide to lay low at an airfield. He meets a woman who along with her father were designing a new plane but when he suffered a stroke she tries to do it on her own. She doesn't even try talking to him. But with the sphere, Forrester is able to communicate with her father, who tells him some flaws with the plane which he tries to tell her about which she doesn't believe.
2074	Starman	Blue Lights	Drama	none	Scott erroneously uses the sphere to make some lights appears in the sky. And when a deputy sees them and he tells everyone about it, they don't believe him. But Fox upon hearing about it heads to investigate.
2074	Starman	Best Buddies	Drama	none	Encountering a couple who knew the real Paul Forrester, Paul and Scott's problems are compounded when the wife declares that she still loves Paul and wants to resume their affair.
2074	Starman	Secrets	Drama	none	The search for Jenny Hayden leads Paul and Scott to a mental institution where a woman may have a valuable lead for them, unless the whole thing is an elaborate trap.
2074	Starman	One for the Road	Drama	none	Weary of their life on the run, Paul and Scott start to enjoy staying in one place for a while, but when Paul sees that they must move on, Scott rebels.
2074	Starman	Peregrine	Drama	none	Coming across an injured peregrine falcon, Paul risks his freedom to seek the help of a veterinarian.
2074	Starman	Society's Pet	Drama	none	Paul takes Scott to see his foster father's sister, a wealthy widow who has a $10,000 inheritance for the boy, but she wants to gain custody of Scott for herself, even if this requires betraying Paul to his pursuers.
2074	Starman	Fever	Drama	none	When Forrester gets sick he ends up in the hospital and the doctor treating him has no idea what's making him sick or how to treat it. At the same time Fox has been relieved of his duty because of his failure to come up with tangible proof of "the alien's" existence.
2074	Starman	The Gift	Drama	none	Forrester gets a letter supposedly from Forrester's mother inviting him to come home for Christmas. When he arrives she claims that she didn't send him a letter. And it seems that Forrester was not exactly a good son and neither his mom nor the rest of the town like him. But he and Scott try to make it a good Christmas for her because she's dying.
2074	Starman	The System	Drama	none	When Forrester is arrested on a minor thing, an old warrant is served on him. It seems that the real Forrester took a photo of a man who was suspected of a crime which he claims he didn't commit. So Forrester is being asked to reveal the man's location but because he doesn't know he can't tell them so he's placed in jail. Scott is taken in by a lawyer representing Forrester. Fox eventually learns of this so tries to get Forrester but the police stonewall him. But when a mistake gets Forrester released he goes to Scott who shows him the photo and he thinks he can find ...
2074	Starman	Appearances	Drama	none	When a blind girl receives acid burns, Paul heals her. Unfortunately she wants her eyes healed as well.
2074	Starman	The Probe	Drama	none	Paul falls in love with an astronomer who is having a crisis of conscious over the military's funding of her research.
2074	Starman	Dusty	Drama	none	While in Las Vegas Paul and Scott pick up a hitchhiker who takes off with their car. They later go to a hotel that Paul Forrester frequented and are taken in. They find the woman who they discover is a compulsive gambler. They try to get back the spheres but discover she sold their things. They try to help her.
2074	Starman	Barriers	Drama	none	Paul is taken to Mexico and is held prisoner. He must escape and help a pregnant women sneak into the United States to look for the father of her child.
2074	Starman	Grifters	Drama	none	Paul and Scott are tricked into a scam by two con-man.
2074	Starman	The Wedding	Drama	none	The owner of a fishing fleet hires Paul to photograph his daughter's wedding.
2074	Starman	Fathers & Sons	Drama	none	When Forrester and Scott meet with one of the real Forrester's friends who gives him a job. At the same time a young man is following them. When Scott confronts him he reveals that Forrester's his father.
2074	Starman	Starscape, Part I	Drama	none	Paul recognizes his home star in a painting. He seeks out and finds the artist who painted it: Jenny Hayden.
2074	Starman	Starscape, Part II	Drama	none	Paul convinces Jenny that he really is who he says he is. Together they search for Scott who has gone missing.
2074	Starman	The Test	Drama	none	Forrester takes a job as a dish washer in a diner. Scott goes to school. His teacher tells Forrester that she doesn't approve of their nomadic life and that Scott needs stability. Forrester discovers that a guy he works with is illiterate and tries to get the teacher to help him.
2075	Little House on the Prairie	Little House on the Prairie	Drama	none	The life and adventures of the Ingalls family in the 19th century American West.
2077	The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin	The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin	Comedy	7.5	The story of a man desperate to escape his loving but dull marriage, disappointing offspring and the daily grind of his job.
2078	The Ice Cream Girls	The Ice Cream Girls	Drama	none	The story follows two vulnerable teenage girls who, in the summer of 1995, are accused of murdering their schoolteacher. For seventeen years, the two girls go their separate ways, Poppy having been charged with the murder. Now in 2013, they are forced to confront each other and their dark, shared history.
2079	Outside Edge	Outside Edge	Comedy	none	Timothy Spall (Pierrepoint), Josie Lawrence (Whose Line Is It Anyway), Robert Daws (Roger, Roger and Brenda Blethyn (Secrets and Lies) star in this award-winning comedy series based on the highly-acclaimed stage play by Richard Harris.
2080	Burning Love	Burning Love	Comedy	none	One young woman starts a quest for love...but not exactly.
2082	Monday Mornings	Monday Mornings	Drama	none	Set at the fictional Chelsea General Hospital in Portland, Ore., Monday Mornings follows the lives of doctors as they push the limits of their abilities and confront their personal and professional failings. The title refers to the hospital's weekly morbidity and mortality conference, when doctors gather with their peers for a confidential review of complications and errors in patient care.
2083	Murder, She Wrote	Murder, She Wrote	Drama	7.8	Angela Lansbury stars in the role that earned her 12 consecutive Emmy nominations as everyone's favorite super-sleuth, Jessica Fletcher, a famous mystery writer who has a knack for solving murders on and off the page.
2083	Murder, She Wrote	The Murder of Sherlock Holmes	Drama	7.8	Retired English teacher Jessica Fletcher is in for asurprise when her nephew Grady tells her that he found a manuscript she wroteand showed it a friend in the publishing world. Jessica's mystery novel soonbecomes a bestseller and she soon finds herself in New York on a whirlwindpromotional tour that ends with a murder.
2083	Murder, She Wrote	Deadly Lady	Drama	7.8	Jessica meets up with her niece Victoria in San Franciscobefore her wedding to a young man named Howard. When Victoria confides inJessica that she fears Howard may be cheating on her, they soon discover he's aperformer at a local drag club. Things take a surprising turn when the clubowner is found dead and Howard is the prime suspect.
2083	Murder, She Wrote	It's A Dog's Life	Drama	7.8	While visiting a friend in the South, Jessica discovers thatbackstabbing among family members is pretty common when her host is found deadand has left his estate to his beloved dog as a result. Furious about gettingnothing, the man's family begin looking for a way to break the will in anattempt to get their hands on his money. When the dog's caretaker is found deadand the dog appears to be the likely culprit, Jessica begins to suspect thatthe jilted heirs are working together to get what they think is theirs.
2083	Murder, She Wrote	Sudden Death	Drama	7.8	Jessica inherits part of a professional football team, and soon discovers that the sport can be murder. When a fellow co-owner is found dead following a team party and the star quarterback is the prime suspect, Jessica has her work cut out for her to prove his innocence.
2083	Murder, She Wrote	Murder Takes the Bus	Drama	7.8	While on their way to a Sheriff's convention is Boston, Sheriff Tupper and Jessica find that their bus has to take a detour to a small roadside diner due to bad weather. However, they can't leave a murder investigation at home when one of their fellow passengers is found dead on the bus and have to find out who wanted the man dead.
2083	Murder, She Wrote	Sing a Song of Murder	Drama	7.8	Jessica hurries to London upon learning that her cousin Emma (Angela Lansbury in a dual role), has passed away unexpectedly. Upon her arrival, Jessica learns that Emma faked her death and is asking for her help in finding out who wants her dead.
2083	Murder, She Wrote	Jessica Behind Bars	Drama	7.8	On the night Jessica fills in as a night school teacher in a women's prison, she is forced to investigate what lead to a prisoner uprising following the death of the prison doctor. As her investigation progresses, she soon discovers the politics behind the everyday running of a prison can be deadly – especially after another prison employees is found dead.
2083	Murder, She Wrote	The Perfect Foil	Drama	7.8	Jessica goes to New Orleans to check on a distant cousinduring Mardi Gras. Upon arriving at Cal's rooming house to fulfil the aunt'srequest, she finds a party in full swing, a party-goer murdered, and Cal beingthe prime suspect. Despite not knowing her distant cousin that well, Jessicasets out to prove the man's innocence and find the real killer.
2083	Murder, She Wrote	Murder in Tempo	Drama	7.8	Seth's organizing a fundraising concert to save an endangered forest near Cabot Cove. When the headlining musician is murdered during a practice session, Jessica helps the local sheriff investigate who may have wanted the man dead.
2083	Murder, She Wrote	The Dark Side of the Door	Drama	7.8	When an assistant editor at Jessica's publishing house starts working on editing a new manuscript, she is chilled at the prospect that the author of the story was the person behind her kidnapping that occurred years before. Not long after the author is found killed in his hotel room, Jessica sets out to prove that the young woman is innocent – which will be difficult because the police found her in the room at the time of the murder.
2083	Murder, She Wrote	Something Foul in Floppieville	Drama	7.8	One of Jessica's children storybook characters is being adapted into a cartoon character and she arrives at the television studio to see how things are going. She soon gets pulled into a murder investigation when one of the studio backers is murdered and the puppet based on her character is used as the murder weapon.
2084	The Cosby Show	The Cosby Show	Comedy	5.0	The show focuses on the Huxtables, an affluent African-American family living and growing up in Brooklyn, New York.
2086	Engrenages	Engrenages	Drama	9.0	When the badly beaten body of a young Romanian woman is discovered on a Parisian rubbish dump, the investigation plunges us deep into the murky worlds of prostitution, drugs, business, politics and justice…The investigation is led by Pierre Clément, a young recently-named public prosecutor, who teams up with Police Captain Laure Bathaud and investigating magistrate Judge Roban – three indomitable characters with their own methods, beliefs, demons and visions of justice.As the young woman's identity and past life are gradually uncovered, it soon becomes apparent that her story is tied to a network of corruption touching the very people charged with uncovering the truth about her.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 1	Drama	9.0	A young woman is found brutally murdered and dumped in a skip. Leading the investigation is young public prosecutor Pierre Clement, who teams up with no-nonsense police captain Laure Berthaud and investigating magistrate Judge Roban. Together, they must establish the identity of the victim and get to the perpetrators while navigating a tangled web of political intrigue, prostitution and drugs - each with a different vision of justice, each with their own personal demons.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 2	Drama	9.0	Pierre must face the possibility that some of his nearest and dearest could be implicated in the murder case he is following, which is now linked to some very high-ranking names. Laure Berthaud's team investigate the apparent murder of a baby by his babysitter, while ambitious young lawyer Josephine Karlsson is recruited as the public half of a new legal partnership.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 3	Drama	9.0	When the body of a well-known businessman is found charred to death in his home, police must delve into the details of his personal life. Meanwhile, prosecutor Pierre Clement's friendship with a prominent suspect linked to the brutal Andrescu murder has become impossible to hide. Gilout's drug habit gets out of control. Ghisele, the mother of the murdered baby, finds herself the target of an inquiry about negligent parenting and takes counsel from lawyer Josephine Karlsson.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 4	Drama	9.0	The web of names involved in the brutal murder of Elina Andrescu widens to include a prominent ministerial adviser, who has links to prosecutor Pierre Clement's close friend Benoit Faye. Lawyer Josephine Karlsson and police captain Laure Berthaud come face to face in court when Laure becomes the object of an enquiry into the fatal shooting of two police suspects.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 5	Drama	9.0	The inquiry into Elina Andrescu's murder takes yet another disturbing turn when the body of her missing sister Sophia is found in a freezer. Prosecutor Pierre Clement must recognise that the involvement of his friend Benoit Faye goes deeper than he'd been prepared to believe. A distraught and vulnerable Ghisele Anloux is brought to trial in connection with the murder of her baby - though judge Roban soon comes to regret his meddling in the affair.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 6	Drama	9.0	Pierre Clemente initiates divorce proceedings when estranged wife Marianne and her family business become implicated in a drug trafficking scandal. Lawyer Josephine Karlsson is called in to defend a man who is charged with brutal acts of torture. Gilou loses control of his drug addiction, testing the loyalty of boss Captain Laure Berthaud.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 7	Drama	9.0	French crime thriller series. Pierre Clemente finally resolves to have friend Benoit Faye arrested in connection with the Andrescu case, unwittingly putting Benoit's life in danger. Meanwhile, lawyer Josephine Karlsson is called in to defend a young man accused of rape, while blackmailed Gilout is compromised.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 8	Drama	9.0	With Benoit Faye in intensive care following an assassination attempt, the prosecution in the Andrescu case has lost its main witness. The shady events leading up to the double murder of the Andrescu sisters are reconstructed through Benoit's memories - from his relationship with beautiful Elina to the involvement of debauched ministerial advisor Arnaud Laborde.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 1	Drama	9.0	When a charred corpse is found in the boot of a car in the suburbs, Berthaud's police team are called to the scene along with the prosecutors Roban and Clement. So begins an investigation which forces the team into the broken, gang-ruled suburbs of Paris, and once more to the door of shady lawyer Josephine Karlsson.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 2	Drama	9.0	Laure is disciplined for her use of force on a suspect and comes into conflict with Clement over his compromising newspaper interview. Karlsson is taken into Szabo's pay as his accomplice in representing the drug ring. Judge Roban uses his usual cunning in investigating a strange rape allegation.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 3	Drama	9.0	Laure's net is closing in on Aziz, but she still has to call in a favour from Roban to help her hold a suspect. A police stakeout on the estate goes dangerously wrong. Pierre is faced with a moral dilemma as his star begins to rise. Karlsson continues to play a dangerous game with Szabo's shady clients.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 4	Drama	9.0	Rachid is dead, causing problems for both Karlsson and the police. Gilou has to investigate a murder linked to a gay nightclub.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 5	Drama	9.0	The mysterious north African, Samy, arrives from Special Branch to help with the investigation into the Larbi crime family. Aziz is still out of control and finally pushes one of his young gang members too far - the team are called to a street shooting and the perpetrator is a sinister teenager.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 6	Drama	9.0	Samy goes deep undercover with the Larbi gang. The police are closing in on Aziz, but as usual nothing is straightforward. Josephine Karlsson is up to her neck in the dealings of the Larbi gang. Clement plays a clever game behind the scenes.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 7	Drama	9.0	As Samy's undercover mission nears its conclusion the team will soon be ready to make their swoop on the Larbi brothers - but an unforeseen complication throws the operation off the rails. Is Samy really who he says he is?
2086	Engrenages	Episode 8	Drama	9.0	As the police sting reaches its endgame the stakes are incredibly high for Samy - will the Larbi brothers become suspicious?
2086	Engrenages	Episode 1	Drama	9.0	When the body of a young woman is found murdered and mutilated, police captain Laure Berthaud seizes the opportunity to redeem a tarnished reputation and leads her squad on the hunt for the sadistic killer. Meanwhile, Judge Roban's investigation into the case of a child being bitten by a dog might turn out to have broader implications, and even public prosecutor Pierre Clement is not immune from the resulting pressure.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 2	Drama	9.0	With a second girl reported missing, police take in another suspect. Given a troubling track record, it is essential that Laure Berthaud keeps her team under control, but how easy will that be when her own grip is starting to slip? Public prosecutor Pierre Clement pays the price for refusing to cave in to pressure from above, Judge Roban's investigation into possible curruption also causes discomfort in high places and ambitious barrister Josephine Karlsson also finds herself the target of an act of vengeance.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 3	Drama	9.0	With the second body identified as that of missing girl Celia Morau, police believe that they could be looking for a serial killer and delve into the unsavoury depths of the Paris underworld in their search for clues. The pressure piles on, with Judge Roban threatening to hand the case over to the Serious Crime Squad in the absence of prompt results, and Captain Laure Berthaud is on the brink of mental instability when an important breakthrough occurs. Judge Roban betrays a surprising side to his character when an old flame gets in touch, barrister Josephine Karlsson moves to disassociate herself from Szabo and an unlikely alliance might be in the offing for former public prosecutor Pierre Clement.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 4	Drama	9.0	Police struggle to hold on to their suspect after he is hospitalised. Meanwhile, believing that the killer may still be at large, prostitutes exploited by an organised ring are terrified to work the Paris streets. Judge Roban's judgment risks falling prey to the tyranny of emotion as friction between his professional and personal life starts to make itself felt. And former public prosecutor Pierre Clement joins the bar to partner up with talented but unscrupulous solicitor Josephine Karlsson.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 5	Drama	9.0	Police manage to get their suspect remanded in custody, but a series of unexpected revelations threatens to jeopardise the solidity of their case. The infamous accused, by now known as the Butcher of La Villette, is defended by none other than the fearsome Josephine Karlsson. Judge Roban's uncharacteristically hasty actions are thought to compromise his impartiality. Settling in his new role as barrister, Pierre Clement finds himself roped into dealing with an unusual case.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 6	Drama	9.0	With the main suspect due to be released and an alarming number of procedural blunders stacking up on the record, Captain Berthaud's team is now on the back foot. When Judge Roban transfers the case to the Crime Squad, Laure's reaction is surprising, but she remains doggedly determined to catch her killer. Meanwhile, Gilou is in trouble. A victorious Josephine Karlsson finds no time to gloat, as shady past connections return to haunt her. Judge Roban realises the extent of his brother's involvement in the Villdieu bribery case.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 7	Drama	9.0	In spite of the evidence, and of protestations from members of her team, Captain Berthaud continues to believe that the Butcher of La Villette remains at large. At the same time, Bremont grows suspcious of her affections. Clement defends a young offender with a troubled past and feels sorry for him, while Judge Roban ploughs on with his corruption enquiry, sparing no-one in the process.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 8	Drama	9.0	With strong new evidence to back Captain Berthaud's theories, Judge Roban asks the CID team to become involved in the investigation again. But how will Laure deal with having to play second fiddle to work rival and lover Superintendent Bremont? Police are out to substantiate a link between the leader of an international prostitution ring and their main murder suspect. Pierre goes above and beyond the call of duty to help his troubled young client, and Judge Roban's pupil Arnaud finds himself the target of blackmail.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 9	Drama	9.0	Police concentrate their efforts on putting Niko's prostitution ring under surveillance, in the hope of tracking down the man who is now an essential link in the investigation. Bremont puts the pressure on Gilou, and Laure jeopardises everything to help her colleague. Roban starts to suspect that someone may have betrayed him. Pierre attempts to distance himself from Dylan, but is in for a nasty surprise.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 10	Drama	9.0	When he unwittingly finds himself on the wrong side of the law, former public prosecutor Pierre Clement turns to none other than the best - and most unscrupulous - lawyer he knows. Police tighten their surveillance operation on Niko's prostitution ring, while the Butcher of La Villette prepares to strike again. And Judge Roban finally discovers hard evidence to support his enquiry into municipal corruption.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 11	Drama	9.0	Police strive to pinpoint the connection between the elusive leader of Niko's prostitution ring and the Butcher of La Villette, who is still on the run. There is more tension between Laure and Gilou, as Gilou prepares to leave the team. Judge Roban finally gets proof of Arnaud's betrayal and his reaction is unforgiving. The screws tighten on the Courcelles bribery investigation. Szabo finds Josephine's Achilles' heel and uses it to blackmail her back into his clutches.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 12	Drama	9.0	The police finally close in on Niko's prostitution ring, but the Butcher of La Villette is still evading custody. Will Captain Berthaud manage to track him down? Will Niko's men get to him first? Or will he get the opportunity to kidnap another victim? Judge Roban finds that the high moral ground comes at a high price. Pierre discovers that Josephine has made a deal with Szabo in order to save him.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 1	Drama	9.0	A young couple has been spotted carrying the body of a mutilated man into the woods. Captain Laure Berthaud and her team soon discover that the unidentified man has been killed by a home-made bomb. The team is distracted by from their investigation by internal conflict and the appointment of a new commissioner who wants quick results. Josephine Karlsson is being pressured by a dangerous Russian mobster with links to the Kremlin.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 2	Drama	9.0	Laure and her team are on the trail of Sophie Mazerat, a student whose car has been traced to the dumping of the bomb-damaged body, and arrest her at the university. Karlsson's attempts to have Moussa Kone freed from detention are hindered when Thomas's cell arranges a vicious reprisal attack against the bank which reported him. New boss Herville is making his presence felt in the squad room and nobody is liking his business methods, especially when this leads directly to the squad losing touch with their best lead in this most complicated of cases.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 3	Drama	9.0	Berthaud and her team visit the scene of the immolation of a Kurdish detainee and spot Sophie Mazeret amongst the demonstrators outside the centre. Sophie escapes, but they arrest Vasseur and suspect his involvement with the terrorists. Josephine Karlsson is asked to warn the squat of an imminent police raid. Pierre Clement is pleased to learn that Judge Roban has returned to the courthouse and asks his advice when testimony against Berthaud leads her to ask for his professional representation.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 4	Drama	9.0	Berthaud and her team stake out the Turkish restaurant that the Kurdish suicide victim was known to frequent, and uncover what appears to be an organised work crew of illegal immigrants. Judge Roban uncovers more inconsistency in the investigative procedure in the case of a senior colleague. Josephine Karlsson invites Clement to her sister's wedding where she has a major confrontation with a family member.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 5	Drama	9.0	The autopsy of the Kurd reveals a hidden clue which leads Herville to upgrade the case to the highest priority. Karlsson receives a visit from Special Branch, who attempt to blackmail her into providing information about Thomas Riffaut. Judge Roban continues to investigate the case against his colleague Garnier and finds that he has a very unlikely ally. Gilou is getting in deeper with the sinister Egyptian brothers.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 6	Drama	9.0	At a top-level police meeting called when a youth is shot dead in a drive-by killing, Herville boasts that his unit is already investigating a gun-running case and will have arrests within 24 hours. Karlsson visits Riffaut's new hideout and overhears the gang planning a kidnapping. Clement is called to a judicial review with Jorkel and the wife of Jorkel's missing business partner. Berthaud asks Judge Roban to take on the gun-running case.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 7	Drama	9.0	Berthault and her team are frustrated by new custody laws which ensure the presence of a lawyer during interviews. Gilou is given three days to ensure that the Sarahoui's late licence is approved and Roban is warned that Garnier is using underhand tactics to smear him. Meanwhile, Karlsson is pressured by the Special Branch to provide information on the activities of Thomas Riffaut and his gang.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 8	Drama	9.0	When the police raid the Sarahoui's flat, Gilou takes the opportunity to break into their nightclub and retrieve incriminating evidence against him. Yussuf cracks under pressure and provides the team with the names of a Kurdish family behind weapons found at Cetin's house. Karlsson turns the tables on her Special Branch investigators and Judge Roban manages to make even more enemies within the 'system'.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 9	Drama	9.0	On learning of Cetin's release from police custody, the Ozbeks suspect him of informing against them and Rodi is ordered to eliminate him, but Rodi's associates have other ideas. Karlsson is called to the police station to answer a traffic offence, but is instead charged with perverting the course of justice. Roban chases a further lead in the case against Garnier, but time is running out as the judicial review into his own professional behaviour draws ever nearer.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 10	Drama	9.0	An online clue leads the team to the anarchists' squat, but during a raid Thomas Riffaut manages to escape. A plastic bag found at the scene of Cetin's execution provides a vital DNA clue. Judge Roban is given the results of his disciplinary hearing, but vows to carry on. Clement is hounded by an unsavoury associate of his client Jorkel.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 11	Drama	9.0	Kolabi is taken into custody and confronted with the evidence against him for the murder of Cetin. His sim card reveals further clues linking him to Rodi Ozbek and arms dealing. Riffaut is warned of Kolabi's arrest but is determined to continue with his plan. Karlsson attends court to defend the illegal immigrants who have been victimised by a factory owner and Roban is invited to a mysterious meeting with Prosecutor Machard
2086	Engrenages	Episode 12	Drama	9.0	Events reach a dramatic conclusion as the net draws in around Thomas Riffaut and his gang, but departmental in-fighting within the police organisation means that very dangerous loose ends remain on the streets of Paris.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 1	Drama	9.0	Following the death of Sami, Captain Laure Berthaud is trying to cope as best she can. But her personal life, already a mess, threatens to be derailed further when she receives some unexpected news. Working with her trusted team, she leads an investigation into a shocking double murder. Meanwhile, lawyer Josephine Karlsson tries to rebuild her reputation by taking on the case of a man accused of killing a policeman. It's a brilliant opportunity to get back in the ring, but things don't quite turn out as planned.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 2	Drama	9.0	Laure's team manages to track down Stéphane Jaulin, whose lawyer turns out to be Pierre Clément. Clément takes to Jaulin's defence and clashes with Judge Roban, who sees his client as the perfect fit for the crime. Meanwhile, the police investigation widens to include other possible suspects. Joséphine Karlsson succeeds in getting back on the case which had been stolen from under her nose. She forms an alliance with Roban, who is intent on exposing what appears to be a case of police manipulation. All the while, Laure is trying to deal with her 'problem'.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 3	Drama	9.0	The double murder investigation steers Laure's team towards a group of bank raiders. Laure is not convinced of Jaulin's involvement, but Roban insists that the father has failed to tell the whole truth. In order to impress the commissioner, Herville entrusts Gilou with the job of breaking up a network of muggers. Experts called to testify in the case of the dead police officer show that the police manipulated the evidence.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 4	Drama	9.0	Laure tries to convince Roban that he is mistaken in his pursuit of Jaulin and decides to concentrate on tracking down the raiders, but new evidence emerges which proves damning for Jaulin. Herville piles the pressure on his team to nail the mugging ring, so Gilou proposes an unorthodox alternative. While representing a civil case against corrupt police officers, Josephine Karlsson comes up against an infamous, amoral lawyer by the name of Eric Edelman.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 5	Drama	9.0	Herville strives to endear himself to the police commissioner, who is eager to have a case resolved in order to whip up positive publicity, so Gilou steps in with a daring suggestion. But much is at stake, and Gilou's plan threatens to backfire. Laure's team hires an informant who was already on the payroll of Bremont's crime unit. Stephane Jaulin finds himself under increasing pressure as the number one suspect. In court, Joséphine goes head to head with the infamous Eric Edelman, who is defending the two policemen accused of manslaughter and corruption.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 6	Drama	9.0	While pursuing the raiders, police come across new evidence which could potentially shift the focus of the double murder investigation. Pierre Clément presses an increasingly inflexible Judge Roban to free his client, as Stephane Jaulin sinks further into the depths of despair, with major consequences. Having been successfully represented by Joséphine in court, young Laetitia Ribeiro is acquitted and finally leaves prison to return to life on her estate. Determined to turn over a new leaf, she soon finds that her options are tragically limited and is roped into a criminal plan.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 7	Drama	9.0	Devastated by Pierre's death, Josephine struggles to keep herself together. Laure is also affected, and the two women find some common ground in their shared grief. The police investigation into the double murder has uncovered a link between Sandrine Jaulin and Zacharie Gabbai's criminal gang. An operation is launched to catch Zach and his accomplice. Roban refuses to step down from the Jaulin case in the aftermath of Pierre's death, and resolves instead to bring in a promising young colleague, Carole Mendy.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 8	Drama	9.0	The operation to capture Zacharie Gabbai has failed and he is now on the run. The police decide to set him a trap. Laure looks into the period in which Sandrine Jaulin's parents worked as a foster family, and a troubling history emerges. Carole Mendy requests Roban's help in a case of violent abuse involving a powerful Libyan businessman, Tarek Ziani. Gilou faces disciplinary action for the use of less-than-legal investigative methods.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 9	Drama	9.0	Gilou is taken into custody, as his team looks on in dismay. Herville clashes with his superiors. The identity of Lucie Jaulin's biological father is finally established. Egged on by Edelman, Joséphine defends Tarek Ziani and engages in a power struggle with Roban. The police go ahead with their plan to catch Zacharie Gabbai, but the operation is a risky one - especially now that Gilou is out of action.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 10	Drama	9.0	The investigation picks up when police find a fingerprint amongst Gabbai's belongings which links to the crime scene of the double murder. But who does the print belong to? Gilou is charged with conspiracy and, in an effort to get him off the hook, Laure goes out of her way to request help from the most unlikely of quarters. Nothing short of a bold move is required. Roban is determined to bring down Tarek Ziani and makes a deal with Ziani's lawyer Joséphine.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 11	Drama	9.0	Following the savage attack on Kimberley, the noose tightens around the criminal activities of Karen's girl gang. But as the police start to close in, they strike again. Meanwhile, it's time to find out whether Josephine's audacity has paid off in her defence of Gilou. The Ziani case runs into trouble when it confronts the machinations of covert international 'diplomacy'.
2086	Engrenages	Episode 12	Drama	9.0	Roban can't stand to see Tarek Ziani elude his charges and tries to bring him down using the Crime Unit's investigation into a luxury vehicle racket. But Gilou's dealings with a prominent police informant threaten the outcome of the operation. Laure's team pulls out all the stops to find the little girl kidnapped by Karen's gang, as a ransom is demanded in exchange for her freedom. Will the girl be saved? And will the culprit for the double murder of Sandrine and Lucie Jaulin be brought to justice?
2087	Surface	Surface	Action	8.0	HERE'S SOMETHING STRANGE GOING ON IN THE WORLDS OCEANS During a routine submarine dive, oceanographer Laura Daughtery (Lake Bell) discovers an unknown life form and unearths a government cover-up operation led by scientist Dr. Aleksander Cirko (Rade Sherbedegia) Meanwhile, Louisiana fisherman Richard Beck (Jay R. Ferguson) loses his brother in a suspicious diving accident, and a young boy named Miles (Carter Jenkins) sneaks an unusual aquatic egg into his home. From the South Antarctic Sea and the Gulf of Mexico to San Diego and Monterey, there's something lurking in the water.
2088	Miss Pilot	Miss Pilot	Drama	none	Tezuka Haru has been desperately hunting for a job, but nothing seems to come about. Without thinking about the consequences, she takes and barely passes the necessary exam to enter the world of aviation. From then on, she begins to walk the path towards becoming a female pilot. Of course she struggles a lot, especially since the training is more severe than she expected before taking the exam. She bonds with her fellow cadets, has to deal with some very strict teachers, and meets various people while going through the pilot training.
2088	Miss Pilot	Aviation training initiation! First time in a cockpit...	Drama	none	The ever confident Haru-san lost all of it when she rode in the cockpit(in a real flight) for the first time. She finally understood the reality of becomming a pilot and took he decision to quit but with the behind-the-scene efforts of Shinozaki-san and Kunikida-san her will and determination to fly was reawakened. Now she is off to America along with the others to continue her training.
2088	Miss Pilot	America compilation start, 15 minute extended SP! Aviation training from hell, begins!	Drama	none	The training in America begins.Oda and Tezuka's trainer is frustrated with Tezuka for being constantly nervous and not being able to preform under tension.Oda wants to change her partner as because of Tezuka she is getting lesser flying time.Kunikida questions Oda whether he put too much faith in her.The solo flying test comes up and miraculously Tezuka passes, all because of the effort Oda put in teaching Tezuka.Now their adventures in America continue.Will Tezuka pass the next test?
2088	Miss Pilot	Last message to the colleagues in America	Drama	none	Oda fails the test and has to return back to Japan but she never reaches Japan and has disappeared. After a long search they finally get information that she has reached Japan but no one has been able to locate her yet. After their training the group finally return to Japan but what is going to happen to Oda? And why is Shinozaki-san meeting up with Oda's mother?
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	Greatest Tank Battles	Action	none	Greatest Tank Battles is an action-packed 20 -part series that brings to life the most gripping and monumental tank battles ever fought, through stunning CGI animation and eyewitness accounts. Filmed on battlefields across the world, this new original series puts viewers in the heat of the battles, witnessing historic armored combats through the eyes of the very men who manned the tanks and fought to the finish.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	The Battle of 73 Easting	Action	none	The 1991 Gulf War's 'Battle of 73 Easting' is the most studied tank battle of modern times. This is the story of how the American 2nd Armored Cavalry Regiment used superior equipment and training to overcome a blinding sandstorm and hundreds of tanks manned by Iraq's elite Republican Guard.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	The October War: Battle for the Golan Heights	Action	none	In 1973, Syria launches a surprise attack against Israel in the Golan Heights. This is a story of survival, where a few out-numbered tankers manage to hold off an enemy of overwhelming size in one of the greatest tank battles ever waged.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	The Battle of El Alamein	Action	none	In 1942, Rommel's Desert Afrika Corps faces off against Montgomery's Eighth Army. This is the story of the climax in the struggle for North Africa, which would change the course of the Second World War.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	The Battle of the Bulge: Race to Bastogne	Action	none	In December 1944, German forces launch a surprise attack through the Ardennes Forest in Belgium. This is the story of the American tankers who helped defend the American line against Hitler's final gamble on the western front.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	The Battle of the Hochwald Gap	Action	none	In February 1945, Canadian forces launch an attack to cross the Rhine and enter the German heartland. This is the story of the struggle for the Hochwald Gap – the final obstacle blocking the Allies, which the Germans are determined to hold at any cost.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	The Battle of the Bulge: SS Panzer Attack!	Action	none	In December 1944, an infamous SS tank force leads Hitler's final offensive in the west. This is the story of the Sixth Panzer Army's incredible breakthrough of the American line and subsequent encirclement and defeat.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	The Battle of Normandy	Action	none	On June 6, 1944, the Allies land on the northern coast of France. This is the story of the 2nd Canadian Armoured Brigade as they fight their way inland against a stubborn and ruthless German defence.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	The Battle of Arracourt	Action	none	By September 1944, Patton's hard-charging Third Army threatens to breech the German border. This is the story of the largest tank-vs-tank clash of the Second World War, as Hitler masses hundreds of panzers in a desperate bid to halt Patton's advance.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	The Battle of Kursk: Northern Front	Action	none	In the summer of 1943, Hitler launches a massive armoured offensive in an effort to regain the upper hand on the Eastern Front. This is the story of the formidable Russian defense that stalls a massive panzer onslaught on the Northern shoulder of the Kursk salient.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	The Battle of Kursk: Southern Front	Action	none	The Battle of Kursk comes to a climax at the Russian village of Prokhorovka on July 12, 1943. This is the story of the largest tank battle in military history, as elite SS troops face off against Russian defenders determined to stop them whatever the cost.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	Tank Battles of the Great War	Action	none	In 1916 the British debut a new mobile weapon, hoping to break the long bloody stalemate on the Western Front. This is the story of the first tanks and how they change the face of the modern battlefield forever
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	Tank Battles of Korea	Action	none	In 1950 the world is caught off guard as North Korea launches a massive armoured assault into South Korea. This is the story of the American tankers who rush to the aid of the South and the bloody battles they fight up and down the Korean Peninsula.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	The Battle of France	Action	none	At the outset of WWII, the Germans pioneer a new form of mobile armoured warfare. This is the story of the famed Nazi Blitzkrieg, as thousands of panzers burst through terrain thought impassible to conquer Western Europe in a matter of weeks.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	The Six Day War	Action	none	In 1967, in response to a growing threat by her Arab neighbours, Israel launches a pre-emptive strike against Egypt in the Sinai. This is the story of one of the swiftest and most dramatic victories in modern warfare.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	The Battle for the Baltics	Action	none	By 1944, the Soviets have turned the tide of war in the East and are pursuing the Nazi army back through the Baltic States. This is the story of the German tankers who continue to fight and win the battles even though they cannot win the war.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	The Battle for Stalingrad	Action	none	By late 1942, the German offensive on the Eastern Front begins to stall and the Soviets make their stand in the city of Stalingrad. This is the story of the most infamous battle in history, as an entire German army is lost and the course of the war forever changed.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	Tank Ace Ludwig Bauer	Action	none	After the success of the Blitzkrieg, men across Germany flocked to the armoured corps in search of glory. This is the story of one German tanker as he comes face to face with the harsh realities of armoured warfare.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	The October War: Battle for the Sinai	Action	none	Eager to regain territory lost six years earlier, Egypt launches a surprise attack against Israel in October 1973. This is the story of the final Arab-Israeli war in the Sinai, where both sides enjoy remarkable success, suffer stunning defeat, and gain, most importantly, lasting peace.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	The Battle of Tunisia	Action	none	By 1942, Rommel's Afrika Corps has been pushed back to Tunisia and the brash new US tank force lands in North Africa. This is the story of the final North African battles as two of history's most famed tank commanders - Patton and Rommel - go head to head.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	Tank Battles of Italy	Action	none	In 1943, tanks of the Canadian Armoured Corps make their combat debut on the European mainland. This is the story of the Canadian tankers who fight their way up the Italian peninsula in the push to liberate Rome from Nazi occupation.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	Canadian Tank Battle in Italy	Action	none	May 1944: Canadian tanks begin their final push to drive the Germans from Italy. At each step, over rugged mountains and through steep valleys, the Canadians confront Hitler's elite Panzers - at the Melfa river, on the Trasimene Line, in the formidable Gothic Line, finally battering their way into the Po Valley.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	Michael Wittmann: Greatest Tank Ace	Action	none	Michael Wittmann, the most decorated tank ace in history, fought at Kursk and in Normandy and in many of the greatest tank battles of all time. An officer in the notorious Waffen SS, hailed as a hero by the Nazis, Wittmann remains a focus of cult and controversy.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	The Battle for Vietnam Insurgency	Action	none	1965: American ground forces and Marine Corps tanks land in South Vietnam, confident that they will defeat the Communist insurgency, until they encounter the Viet Cong and the North Vietnamese Army.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	The Battle for Germany	Action	none	In 1944 the US 3rd Armored Division spearheads the Allied push from the western border of Germany towards Berlin. The American tankers battle fanatical Germans defending their homeland to the last, armed with the most powerful Panzers ever to take the battlefield.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	Battle for Vietnam Armoured Attack	Action	none	1968: The Americans mobilize hundreds of tanks to help defeat Communist forces in South Vietnam. Now the Communists combine guerrilla tactics with conventional military might and send their own tanks into battle. The final struggle for Vietnam begins.
2090	Greatest Tank Battles	Tank Battles of the Pacific	Action	none	By 1942, the Japanese Empire stretched halfway across the Pacific Ocean. This is the rarely told story of the key role played by US Marine tanks in the Pacific Campaign .They fight bloody battles against fanatical Japanese forces that defend the now infamous Islands of Guadalcanal, Tarawa, Saipan, Iwo Jima and Okinawa.
2091	When Calls the Heart	When Calls the Heart	Drama	8.5	Inspired by Janette Oke's bestselling book series about the Canadian West, the series tells the captivating story of Elizabeth Thatcher, a young teacher accustomed to her high society life, who receives her first classroom assignment in Coal Valley, a small coal mining town where life is simple, but often fraught with challenges. Lori Loughlin plays Abigail Stanton, a wife and mother whose husband, the foreman of the mine, along with a dozen other miners, has just been killed in an explosion. The newly widowed women find their faith is tested when they must go to work in the mines to keep a roof over their heads. Set against the wild canvas of a 19th century coal town, Elizabeth will have to learn the ways of the frontier if she wishes to thrive in the rural west on her own.
2091	When Calls the Heart	Lost and Found	Drama	8.5	Coal Valley is at odds when a special message is found at the site of a fatal coal mining accident.
2091	When Calls the Heart	Cease and Desist	Drama	8.5	The Pacific Northwest Mining Company threatens to evict the widows of Coal Valley unless they pick up where their husbands left off.
2091	When Calls the Heart	A Telling Silence	Drama	8.5	Coal Valley comes together when a young grieving girl, who lost her father in the fatal mining accident, goes missing.
2091	When Calls the Heart	Secrets and Lies	Drama	8.5	After discovering new evidence, Jack investigates a surprising suspect in the church arson case.
2091	When Calls the Heart	The Dance	Drama	8.5	When a group of new male miners comes to Coal Valley, many of the town's women get caught up in the prospect of the single men. Before long, Jack acts jealous when one of the men takes an interest in Elizabeth.
2091	When Calls the Heart	These Games	Drama	8.5	Elizabeth is feeling caught between overprotective Jack and new miner Billy Hamilton. When Jack tells her he has proof Billy lied to her, Elizabeth has had enough. Abigail, sensing Jack's feelings for Elizabeth go beyond his protective duties as Coal Valley's Constable, suggests Jack try a gentler approach to reach her.
2091	When Calls the Heart	Second Chances	Drama	8.5	Abigail is encouraged to re-open Coal Valley's dilapidated and abandoned cafe and make it her own after Elizabeth raves about Abigail's baking. Meanwhile, Jack and Elizabeth are at odds after Elizabeth's brief romance with a dishonest miner, which has left her pride hurt, and Jack accidentally insults her as he fumbles to confess his growing feelings.
2091	When Calls the Heart	Perils of the Soloists	Drama	8.5	Elizabeth and Abigail emotionally move out of the row house and into the rooms above Abigail's cafe, starting a new chapter and leaving many memories behind. Elizabeth learns that she and her students must put on the Coal Valley Founders' Day play. While rehearsals begin, Jack surprises Elizabeth with some special talents, and has an even bigger gesture in mind to help her more than she could have ever hoped.
2091	When Calls the Heart	Change of Heart	Drama	8.5	A determined Jack properly asks Elizabeth for a dinner date, finally making his romantic intentions clear. Elizabeth is excited, and is in for another very special surprise—an unexpected visit from her younger sister, Julie. Elizabeth hesitates to make a fuss about her date with Jack, but can't help but be swept away when he surprises her with a very romantic evening at the café, with a little help from Abigail.
2091	When Calls the Heart	Love Comes First	Drama	8.5	Saying goodbye to Jack has left Elizabeth heartbroken, but she tries to stay strong in front of her class. Meanwhile, wanting to continue the investigation she started with Jack, Abigail tries to outwit Henry Gowen by stealing a file from his office that could hold the clues to the cause of the mine explosion.
2091	When Calls the Heart	Rules of Engagement	Drama	8.5	Jack is hailed a hero after putting away the Tolliver outlaws, and has decided to come back to Coal Valley for good. But his return to town — and to Elizabeth — is unexpectedly complicated by the arrival of gorgeous big-city actress. Meanwhile, Jack has asked Mountie forensic investigator and friend Bill Avery to help Abigail make a case against Gowen and the Pacific Northwest Mining Company regarding the mine explosion.
2091	When Calls the Heart	Final Adieu	Drama	8.5	Abigail is beginning to let go of her grief and look toward the future with forensic investigator Bill Avery. Meanwhile, a hurt and confused Jack confronts Elizabeth about her new job offer back home. Visiting Circuit Judge, Jedidiah Black a legendary man who is insolent, insufferable and incorruptible will finally bring justice to Coal Valley after the repercussions of the mine explosion, just as Elizabeth and Jack take an important step in their relationship.
2091	When Calls the Heart	Trials of the Heart	Drama	8.5	Coal Valley's trial gets underway in the town with a new Judge presiding over it. Elizabeth gets unsettling news from Hamilton regarding her family, and must return. Abigail's case is presided over by an unlikely prosecutor. Elizabeth's family meets, Jack.The trial's verdict is rendered by the Judge, which effects the whole town. Elizabeth readjusts to family life in Hamilton. Abigail is reunited with a family member. Jack has to reevaluate his importance in Elizabeth's life. A new man comes to town with a prospect that can change the townspeople's entire future.
2091	When Calls the Heart	Heart and Soul	Drama	8.5	Rosemary makes herself useful at Abigail's Cafe. Jack and the townspeople work on building the new church to become the school. Elizabeth gets reacquainted with her old life away from Coal Valley. One of the widows gets proposed to and the wedding brings the townspeople closer together. Abigail receives troubling information about Bill Avery.
2091	When Calls the Heart	Heart's Desire	Drama	8.5	Abigail travels to Hamilton to stay with Elizabeth's family and is compelled to accept Bill's help on a personal matter. A heroic act by Jack brings him closer to his ex-fiancée, Rosemary. Elizabeth returns to Hope Valley and she and Jack come together to consider what the future holds.
2091	When Calls the Heart	Awakenings and Revelations	Drama	8.5	When a visitor from home arrives in Hope Valley, Elizabeth begins to question the direction of her heart and feelings for Jack. As Abigail struggles with how to help her daughter-in-law, Bill delves deeper into an undercover investigation.
2091	When Calls the Heart	Heart and Home	Drama	8.5	Elizabeth and Jack receive upsetting news from their families in Hamilton that could tear them apart. Meanwhile, Abigail tries to find forgiveness in her heart for Bill as Lee enlists Rosemary's help to fight Gowen and keep Hope Valley from falling apart.
2091	When Calls the Heart	Coming Together, Coming Apart	Drama	8.5	Jack and Elizabeth don't see eye to eye on everything in Hamilton. They discover that their relationship is not as straightforward as they originally thought. Elizabeth's family puts a strain on Jack, and it takes all of Jack's skills as a constable to resolve the conflict. Bill sorts out a relationship from his past, so that he can move forward with the future. Gowen's grasp on the town is threatened by a powerful member of the town. It all comes down to the luck of the draw.
2091	When Calls the Heart	With All My Heart	Drama	8.5	Abigail develops a friendship with the new Pastor of the town. Elizabeth and Jack are forced to re-examine the future of their relationship under extreme circumstances. Rosemary questions her true feelings about one of the town members. Gowen gets backed into a corner by his local rival.Elizabeth and Jack discover that true love is more than just societal positions and external influences. After a harrowing ordeal Jack and Elizabeth are brought closer together. Rosemary realizes when you find a good man you don't let him get away. Gowen and his rival sharpen their knives and prepare for a battle for power over the town. Bill's shady dealings catch up with him, putting his freedom and reputation at stake. Elizabeth has to make a choice between a life on the frontier or a life of luxury in Hamilton.
2093	Guys with Kids	Guys with Kids	Comedy	7.0	From Emmy winner and executive producer Jimmy Fallon comes a new comedy about three thirty-something dads trying to hold on to their youth, while holding onto their new babies' hands. Easy, right? Thankfully, Chris (Jesse Bradford, "The West Wing"), Nick (Zach Cregger, "Friends with Benefits") and Gary (Anthony Anderson, "Law & Order") have each other to help navigate their survival as new dads, while still trying desperately to remain dudes. Balancing work or staying at home, painfully married or happily divorced, they know that taking care of the little ones while maintaining a social life is a daily challenge. Whether it's hosing the little squirt down in the kitchen sink or hitting the bar strapped with a baby björn, these guys are on a roller-coaster adventure - parenting like you (and they) have never seen before. Also starring are Jamie Lynn Sigler ("The Sopranos") and Tempestt Bledsoe ("The Cosby Show"). Someone once said it is much easier to become a father than to be one. These three guys are about to find out just how true that is.
2094	Only Fools and Horses	Only Fools and Horses	Comedy	none	Classic John Sullivan sitcom set in south London, centred on hapless market trader Del Boy, his brother Rodney, the rest of the Trotter clan and a host of Peckham characters.
2095	Legit	Legit	Comedy	8.0	This outrageous new comedy stars Australian Jim Jefferies as an edgy, foul-mouthed stand-up comic living in Los Angeles, struggling to make his life and career more "legit." But every time Jim tries to do the right thing, his good deeds turn into wildly inappropriate and utterly hilarious escapades. Joined by his neurotic best friend and roommate, Steve, and Steve's wheelchair-bound brother, Billy, Jim takes comedy to a whole new level, whether it's visiting a Las Vegas brothel, partying with the mentally-challenged or trying to pick up women at a gay bar.
2097	King	King	Drama	8.5	In the new season of King, Detective Jessica King continues to face the challenges of each case while juggling her pregnancy, her husband's gambling and the changing dynamics of the team. King and husband Danny Sless (Gabriel Hogan, Heartland) have decided to start afresh: they've sold the house, paid off Danny's gambling debts and are starting to get excited about the baby. Firmly in control of the M.C.T.F., Jess rebuilds the team according to her style and her needs. Her fresh faces include Pen Martin (Rossif Sutherland, ER) a hot shot from the Spin Unit and Ingrid Evans (Karen Robinson, Narc), one of Organized Crime's most experienced players. These new team members will inevitably shake things up and Derek Spears (Alan Van Sprang, Reign) will have to adjust if he wants to stay relevant. Ticking clocks, fear of someone killing again, a victim dying before King finds them... every case is critical and Jess needs to solve it and solve it fast. But Jess is also going to be a mother, and she wants at all costs to save her third marriage. Can Jess King have it all?
2097	King	Lori Gilbert	Drama	8.5	Detective Jess King must find a missing girl and prove to Chief Graci that she can handle her new job as head of the Major Crimes Task Force…and her new squad.
2097	King	T-Bone	Drama	8.5	Homicide is trying to convict two major drug traffickers, the Barrata Brothers, of murder. But when the Drug Squad nails a wise guy named DeMarco for possession, they unwittingly take Homicide's only lead off the streets. Graci hands the mess to Jess, ordering her to solve the murders and bring peace to the cop shop. At the Don Jail, Jess identifies DeMarco's unlikely confidante, a biker named T-Bone, and promises him a break on his own assault sentence if he agrees to act as an undercover agent for the police. Jess puts her trust in her volatile informant, but when T-Bone goes AWOL, he jeopardizes the case and Jess' reputation.
2097	King	Amanda Jacobs	Drama	8.5	When Detective Jenny Hicks refutes Melissa Jacobs' claim that she was brutally raped by the Riverdale Rapist, Amanda sues the Police Services. Enter Jess King, ordered to investigate the Amanda Jacobs case while the Sex Crimes Unit continues to investigate the Riverdale Rapist. Jess believes Amanda and takes over both cases, to the ire of Hicks, who quits the Service. And new evidence suggests Amanda's rapist is far more sinister and much closer to home. The Major Crimes Task Force is pushed to its limits in bringing a serial predator to justice.
2097	King	Eleni Demaris	Drama	8.5	When Detective Eleni Demaris interrupts a home invasion in progress, she's beaten into a coma, and Jess will stop at nothing to avenge her friend. But according to Graci, she'll have to work with Detective Ray Arnold – a member of Toronto's notorious Robbery squad – to do it. Robbery squad members are known for their violent tendencies and sloppy work ethic, and Ray is no exception. Ray zeroes in on an ex-con with an eerily similar modus operandi, but Jess fears Ray's tunnel vision is compromising the investigation. As victims pile up, Jess and Ray must find a way to work together to catch a ruthless criminal with nothing to lose.
2097	King	Farah Elliot	Drama	8.5	Jess King is aghast when she discovers her nemesis, Seymour Keegan, a vicious serial predator, is back in town and targeting a new victim. Jess knows Seymour killed a teen girl five years ago but she didn't have enough evidence to convict. Jess tries and fails to trap her Moby Dick in a sting, but when she turns up nothing but circumstantial evidence, Graci takes Jess off the case. Or so he thinks. Jess goes rogue and tracks Seymour on her own using her team and some questionable tactics. Seymour loves the attention, and that's when Jess makes the connection - he's a clinical narcissist and he's taunting her. When another girl goes missing, Jess must rein in her obsession in order to save her before it's too late.
2097	King	Ahmad Khan	Drama	8.5	Ahmad, the bright star of the University's Bio Chem department, was also an observant Muslim, and his violent murder has all the makings of a hate crime. But when Jess discovers Ahmad was secretly gay, the case becomes more complicated. To make matters worse, the murderer seems to delight in misleading the police, leaving Jess to wonder: is this a hate crime at all, or an elaborate cover up? Jess navigates the ambitious and cutthroat world of academia, squaring off with a brilliant sociopath who just might have committed the perfect murder.
2097	King	Cameron Bell	Drama	8.5	When Trevor Winter, an anti-racist activist, provokes a white supremacist group, he is beaten in his own house, which prompts Child Protection Services to take away his kids. The media makes the Police Force look bad for not making any arrests and for tearing a family apart. To improve optics, Graci puts King on the case. But when Jess' prime suspect, a skinhead leader, turns out to be an undercover federal agent, Jess is stumped. New evidence emerges, and Jess discovers the true perp has a more personal motive for keeping the family apart.
2097	King	Scout Winter	Drama	8.5	When Trevor Winter, an anti-racist activist, provokes a white supremacist group, he is beaten in his own house, which prompts Child Protection Services to take away his kids. The media makes the Police Force look bad for not making any arrests and for tearing a family apart. To improve optics, Graci puts King on the case. But when Jess' prime suspect, a skinhead leader, turns out to be an undercover federal agent, Jess is stumped. New evidence emerges, and Jess discovers the true perp has a more personal motive for keeping the family apart.
2097	King	Alina Mikute	Drama	8.5	A domestic at an upscale residential house. A husband, wife and the husband's mistress brawl by the pool. The next day, the mistress is found dead and Graci throws a hot case in Kingís lap...the husband, Henry Fielding Jr., is the son of the former Police Chief. The same Chief Jess King called "a corrupt ass-grabber" in a video that went viral online. King was banished to the phone room and Fielding Sr. was forced into retirement. But he still has many allies amongst the rank and file - maybe even Derek Spears. King and her team learn that the young woman was a stripper, pregnant, and struggling to get free of her biker employers - dreaming of a new life.Starting over with Danny and defending the hiring of the new MCTF detective, Pen Martin, Jessica King finds herself in a standoff with her most powerful enemy as she tries to dispense justice in death for a woman who never received it in life.
2097	King	Josh Simpson	Drama	8.5	In a routine raid on a backroom poker game, a Detective is shot. The old Sergeant in charge of the raid was Kingís Training Officer and the wife of the critically wounded cop was Dannyís girlfriend. Things get remarkably more challenging for King when all the witnesses at the game dummy up. In this coke-fueled, high rolling, no-limit underworld, the MCTF team must figure out who is covering for whom and why. King has another gambling problem closer to home ñ a loan sharkís debt book shows Danny is still laying bets.
2097	King	Jamila Karan	Drama	8.5	When a ransom payoff goes terribly wrong, Jess and her team must do everything in their power to free a kidnapped young girl. The MCTF ends up in the middle of a feud between two successful jewelers, discovering there is more to their rivalry than the competition to buy old gold. Just as the kidnappers increase their demand to a million dollars, complications arise with Jess' pregnancy, forcing her to run the investigation from bed. Time is running out, on and off the job, and Jess realizes that a dangerous cat-and-mouse game with the bad guys is her last best chance to save the victim's life.
2097	King	Charlene Francis	Drama	8.5	Detective Sergeant Pete Rivers (Jess' ex-husband) is on the verge of wrapping up a major investigation into drug dealing and gun smuggling when heís carjacked - losing not just his vehicle but also his police issue laptop. The computer contains sensitive intelligence, including the real identity of an Undercover Officer who has managed to infiltrate the ruthless drug dealerís crew. King's assignment? Find the laptop before it falls into the wrong hands, make sure the illegal guns never end up on the streets, and figure out whether her ex-husband's character flaws (the same ones that ended their marriage) have put the project - and the Undercover Officer - in danger.
2097	King	Sunil Sharma	Drama	8.5	A multiple homicide leaves Jess on a razor's edge. An Indo-Canadian family is found brutally murdered. A dead Indian bride and a white groom. With a trail of blood leading right to the bride's brother. Should be a slam-dunk but King isn't so sure. With Graci under pressure from community leaders, a motive for murder becomes more and more elusive. Jess struggles to make sense of this horrendous crime and begins to suspect that the truth she uncovers may relate to a truth in her personal life she hasn't been willing to hear.
2097	King	Freddy Boise	Drama	8.5	Jess is visiting her father, Louis King, after he's hospitalized with chest pains when a donated heart destined for high-profile philanthropist Freddy Boise disappears. With just five hours to find the missing heart and sort through daddy issues, Jess has to choose between the likely suspects - a jealous doctor, Boise's ambitious but solicitous daughter, a ward nurse who's equally solicitous of Louis King and a brilliant, imperious surgeon who seems to be very turned on by Spears.
2097	King	Ben Cooper	Drama	8.5	When an up-and-coming fighter and his wife are brutally murdered, King and her team must delve into the hard-hitting, 'roid-raging universe of MMA fighting. Graci's under pressure from the new Mayor to come up with a quick decision, Spears is acting especially cagey and the victim's father is an old high school pal of Kingís dad. As she battles her way through cheating and shifting loyalties, Jess is compelled to see all the men in her life differently.
2097	King	Isabelle Toomey	Drama	8.5	Chief Graci calls Jess to help solve a cold case that still gnaws at him.
2097	King	Chris Harris	Drama	8.5	Ingrid Evans' brother is serving 15 years for murder, but Jess discovers a key witness may have lied at the trial.
2097	King	Alicia Pratta	Drama	8.5	Jess needs to find out who's guilty when a college student is attacked after getting roofied at a sorority party.
2097	King	Justice Calvin Faulkner	Drama	8.5	Jessica King must contain a scandal and delve into the messy personal life of a Family Court Judge after he's found strangled with a negligee.
2097	King	Aurora O'Donnell	Drama	8.5	A serial killer's dumping ground is discovered, and Jess and her team must find the identity of the killer.
2097	King	Wendy Stetler	Drama	8.5	Jess and the gang continue to try and figure out the Spivak case. Meanwhile Danny gets into more gambling trouble.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	The Only Way is Essex	Comedy	none	The Only Way Is Essex is a reality series which follows some people living in Essex, including a club promoter, a would-be model, a member of a girl band and two bar workers. Each episode features action filmed just a few days previously.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 1	Comedy	none	New series. Reality series following a group of people in Essex, including a club promoter, a would-be model, a member of a girl band and two bar workers. With each episode filmed just a few days before transmission, they will find out exactly what other people in the show are saying about them as well as discovering secrets that will affect their lives.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 2	Comedy	none	The fallout from Lauren's party is revealed, Kirk's quest to win the heart of wannabe model Amy continues and club promoter Mark hosts a speed-dating event.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 3	Comedy	none	Kirk hopes his plan to woo Amy will pay off, while girl group Lola pursue their dream of becoming the next Girls Aloud. Reality series following a group of people in Essex.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 4	Comedy	none	Kirk hopes his date with Amy will seal their romance, Mark tries to cope with temptation and jealousy, and Lauren strives for independence. Reality series following a group of people in Essex.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 5	Comedy	none	Lauren tries to get over Mark by indulging in some serious dating, and preparations get under way for Essex Fashion Week.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 6	Comedy	none	The county hosts its Fashion Week, with Sam, Amy and Jessica striving to claim the title of the most glamorous girl in Essex.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 7	Comedy	none	It is VIP night at the opening of Mark's new club, and he hopes everything will go smoothly. Reality series following a group of people in Essex, including a club promoter, a would-be model, a member of a girl band and two bar workers.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 8	Comedy	none	Mark deals with the aftermath of the VIP night at his club, Amy's relationship with Kirk hits a rocky patch and James and Lydia try to give their romance another chance.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 9	Comedy	none	The gang celebrates Bonfire Night. Sam and Amy plan to add some glamour to the event, Harry dresses up for the occasion and Mark tries to ensure that his evening goes with a bang. Reality series following a group of people in Essex.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 10	Comedy	none	Mark's boxing event takes place in Romford and he throws down the gauntlet to Kirk. Reality series following a group of people in Essex.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 11	Comedy	none	Nanny Pat is given a makeover, and Lauren has to consider whether to accept her boss's offer. Meanwhile, Amy goes on a date and girl band Lola give an important performance
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 12	Comedy	none	The night of Mark's boxing match with Kirk arrives, and there are questions over who will be there to support each fighter, and if Lauren can win back her man
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 1	Comedy	none	Pop the Cristal and spray yourself a weird shade of mahogany: it's series two of the semi-staged docusoap that had the nation gawping last year. The stereotypical view of people from Essex as primped, yakking bozos was exposed by TOWIE as not having gone far enough: each week we scaled new lows of inanity as a gang of young people, steered by the show's producers and embellished by cruel editing, discussed their lives and loves. Sex, petty arguments and unpleasantly intimate beauty treatments were the dominant themes. It's filmed close to transmission to bring you the latest news from the county's night clubs and nail bars, but you can expect fallout from Mark's recent split from his glamour-model girlfriend, Amy's efforts to deal with fame and, most likely, some explicit vajazzling scenes.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 2	Comedy	none	Lauren's day proves eventful as she removes her tattoo of Mark's name, only for him to propose soon after and she accepted. Arg and Lydia are still debating whether to move in together.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 3	Comedy	none	Lauren decides whether to move in with her new fiance Mark after Lucy's revelations about having recently slept with him. Amy looks for a new assistant.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 4	Comedy	none	Arg decides whether to embark on a diet and Amy's new assistant Paloma tries to make a good impression at the salon. Kirk throws a party and Lauren's culinary skills are put to the test when the Wrights come for dinner
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 5	Comedy	none	Lauren gives Mark's flat a makeover and Amy's new assistant tries to teach Harry some unusual dance moves
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 6	Comedy	none	Lauren's wedding plans are moving ahead, but they may be too fast for Mark's liking, Lydia and Arg appear to have finally found their dream home and Lucy receives information about Kirk
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 7	Comedy	none	Jessica goes through with her boob job. Arg tries to win Lydia back, but to no avail. Most of the cast attend Gemma's quiz night.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 8	Comedy	none	Joey takes Sam out on a date. The girls take part in a "botox party". Lauren and Mark discuss plans for their engagement party.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 9	Comedy	none	Mark meets up with Sam to discuss his new modelling agency, much to the annoyance of Lauren. Mark and Lauren host their engagement party.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 10	Comedy	none	Some of the cast go "glamping", while Arg and Lydia appear to go their separate ways following another argument.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 11	Comedy	none	Mark and Lauren face Amy and Arg in a game of tennis. Kirk hosts his 23rd Birthday party – a funfair in his back garden.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 12	Comedy	none	Kirk asks Lauren to move in with him. Joey launches the first night of 'Reem Parties' at Sugar Hut.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 13	Comedy	none	Lydia confronts Amy about her relationship with Arg. The Wrights celebrate the Royal Wedding, and Mark wants to get back into the promoting scene following Joey Essex's successful launch night.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 14	Comedy	none	Mark hosts a pool party, everyone is invited, apart from his own fiancée, Lauren. Last in series.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 1	Comedy	none	Brand new series of the true life soap. Join the Essex boys and girls and find out what has changed after a summer of fun.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 2	Comedy	none	Joey, Lydia and Debbie head to a car boot sale, whilst Harry and his brother Ronnie have a heart-to-heart after working on their fathers flower stall. Meanwhile, Gemma throws a singles party at the Sugar Hut and Kirk and Lauren Pope share a few feelings over a walk in the park with their dog Bozo. Mark meanwhile continues his celibacy pledge before interrupting Arg and Lydia on their dinner date after feeling lonely. Nicola meanwhile decides its time to confront Lucy about her part in Lauren and Marks break-up.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 3	Comedy	none	Arg sets out on a new career path, Mark and Mario have a run-in at the gym, Mick and Kirk catch up after the singles' night and the gang go paintballing for Lauren's birthday.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 4	Comedy	none	Jess prepares for her fashion show, Maria and Mick get friendly at a romantic dinner date, the twins model for Jess, Lucy shows off her curves, and Mario and Mark lock horns.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 5	Comedy	none	The aftermath of Maria and Mick's romantic date, Sam and Billie arrange a girls night in and Lydia and Arg have a double date with Mario and Lucy that ends in some confrontation and a shock allegation from Mark.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 6	Comedy	none	Lucy and Mario discuss the future of their relationship, Arg and Lydia's relationship is under threat again, Chloe considers more surgery, Georgio and Dino try to cheer Gemma up with a Greek night... and Lydia finally confronts Mark.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 7	Comedy	none	Chloe consults a plastic surgeon about her bum implants, as well as visiting Joey's new pool-pad, and Kirk holds a karaoke night at Sugar Hut. Plus, Lydia has another argument with Arg about Mark and Gemma teaches Harry how to drive. The episode ends with a cliffhanger though - who received the text from Mark asking them to meet him in his car outside the Sugar Hut?
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 8	Comedy	none	Mark, Sam, Lydia and Arg go on a skiing double date, where Lydia and Mark make up and Sam and Mark discuss their relationship. At the same time Joey hosts an animal themed pool party, where he finds out about Sam and Mark for the first time from Lauren.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 9	Comedy	none	The fake tan is put away as Essex dons vintage in preparation for the grand opening of Lydia's shop, Bella Sorella. Cara and Billie get ready for a night out on the town, Kirk-and-Joey style. Mark woos Sam. Mario shows Lucy his Italian side.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 10	Comedy	none	In this episode, Mick and Kirk bond during a father-son fishing trip, Sam spends a cosy Sunday lunch with the Wright family and Arg tackles his body issues head-on - starting with his teeth.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 11	Comedy	none	'Jirk' get decidedly jerky when some unannounced visitors arrive, Lucy wonders whether giving Mario a free pass was a mistake and Sam gets a surprise. Meanwhile, Mark, Jess, Gemma and Arg head to bootcamp for some fat-busting workouts - and intimate revelations.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 12	Comedy	none	Mario's night of freedom backfires for Lucy. Lydia finds out that what happens at bootcamp does not necessarily stay at bootcamp. Meanwhile, everyone gets in the Halloween spirit - Nanny Pat goes trick-or-treating, and Sam and Billie host an action-packed party.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 13	Comedy	none	It is the morning after the night before and Lauren G and Sam are both reacting to the kiss. Mark gives Arg a makeover when the pair go shopping. Lucy realises that time is running out for her and Mario. While Chloe celebrates her 30th birthday in true wedding party fashion, a serious cat fight breaks out.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 14	Comedy	none	Last in the series of the reality show. Arg continues his quest for physical perfection and seeks fashion advice from Joey - with interesting results. After the row, Sam and Lauren contemplate their future. Lucy thinks that she has blown it with Mario. There is drama at the bonfire party.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 1	Comedy	none	Lauren reveals she has PIP implants during a discussion about breast surgery with Frankie and Chloe. A new girl arrives, Joey enjoys a night out with his best friend Diags, and Nanny Pat goes on a health kick.Mario talks to Lucy about the respect she has for his bachelor pad, Lydia hopes for a stress-free 21st birthday meal, while Billie and Cara try some new yoga moves - on their dogs.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 2	Comedy	none	Mario turns to his dad for relationship advice, Jess and Gemma tap into their spiritual sides, and Lauren Pope spills the beans on a past royal relationship. Joey holds a poker night for some friends, and Chloe jumps at the chance to style for the occasion, while there is a fright in store for the host when he is chased by Mick's chickens.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 3	Comedy	none	Following the previous episode's events, Cara visited Lucy to tell her about Mario's texts, which made Lucy even angrier with him. Mario, however, thinks he did nothing wrong and confides in his best friend Little Chris, who tells him he hasn't been himself for a while since being with Lucy. Meanwhile, Joey and Diags take Arg rollerskating to take his mind off Lydia, and Gemma has a gold facial treatment for her birthday party, which she pulls out all the stops for, including persuading Dino and Giorgio to paint themselves gold and stand outside the venue, acting as life-size Oscar trophies. Later on in the night, Gemma holds an award ceremony, aptly named the Gemmas, and awards Lydia "Best Dressed Female", and Joey "Best Dressed Male".
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 4	Comedy	none	Joey and Diags persuade Lauren Pope and Georgina to go on a night out, and Diags receives a crash course in personal grooming from Chloe Sims, who reveals her secret weapon for battling acne. Lauren Pope visits her cosmetic surgeon to discuss the removal of her breast implants. Lauren Goodger hosts a clairvoyant night with a twist, and she and Lucy also attempt to bury the hatchet.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 5	Comedy	none	Arg hopes a skinny-dipping trip to Walton-on-the-Naze with Joey, Diags and Mario will help take his mind off Lydia, who wastes no time rekindling a friendship with new guy Ricky while attending Sam's hot-tub party. Meanwhile, Lucy receives a Bruno Mars-agram at work, and Lauren, normally a super-confident ice-queen - breaks down at the prospect of donning a bikini for Sam's bash.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 6	Comedy	none	Lydia and Arg's relationship takes another unexpected turn. Billie and Cara hold an `EsSex and the City'-themed Valentine's Day party - and Billie bags herself a Valentine's kiss. Mario tries to get back into Lucy's good books with some surprise romantic treats, new boy Ricky adds to his female following by announcing that he is on the market, and Lydia goes house-hunting with her mum Debbie.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 7	Comedy	none	Never before has the word "cocksure" been said so much on national television, but then along came episode seven of TOWIE and a cheeky chappie called Ricky..
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 8	Comedy	none	Nanny Brighton comes to stay in a bid to help lift Arg's spirits. Chloe, Lauren Pope and Georgina make pancakes - Essex-style - Cara and Billie have an awkward chat about Billie's feelings for Tom, and Arg confronts Ricky to uncover the truth about his relationship with Lydia
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 9	Comedy	none	Lucy and Mario have a photoshoot with new puppy Bentley, while Joey, Diags, Arg and Frankie enjoy an action-packed afternoon rope-swinging and grass-sledging. Dr Russo pays Lauren Pope a visit as she recovers from her operation, Gemma goes on a date with a new mystery man, and Arg decides to get his nasal hair waxed in a bid to impress the girls
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 10	Comedy	none	Mario throws a fancy-dress party to celebrate his birthday - and during the evening, Jess and Lauren come face to face. Gemma waits to see whether her date will arrive at the bash. Joey and Ricky settle their differences and Lauren Pope shows the girls her new breasts. Last in the series
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 1	Comedy	none	Joey moves into a bachelor pad with new flatmate Tom, and Lauren Goodger opens up about her weight struggles to Lydia.Arg unveils his latest look, and also throw a marathon benefit party with Billie and Cara. Plus, it remains to be seen whether Charlie and Gemma can keep their relationship on track after their surprise date.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 2	Comedy	none	Joey relaunches his Reem night with a bang, and Cara and Mick spend the day together. Gemma reveals what happened on her date with Charlie, while Arg trains for the London marathon.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 3	Comedy	none	Arg, Billie and Cara continue their marathon training with the help of Ricardo, while Mario and Ricky tease Little Chris over his failed attempt at chatting up Frankie.Elsewhere, Gemma launches a clothing line, Tom P asks Lauren G out to the pub with himself and the boys, and Ricky's mystery texter is revealed
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 4	Comedy	none	Arg, Billie and Cara take part in the London Marathon, while Bobby receives plastic-surgery advice from Chloe and Lauren P.Charlie has a heart-to-heart with Gemma after she is revealed as Ricky's mystery texter.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 5	Comedy	none	Billie, Cara and Arg recover after completing the London Marathon. Chloe's daughter Madison spends her birthday at the farm, and Lucy and Mario celebrate their one-year anniversary.Plus, Joey surprises Sam with a special date.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 6	Comedy	none	Mick celebrates his birthday with a Las Vegas themed birthday party at the Sugar Hut, Tom P asks Lauren P out on a wine tasting date.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 7	Comedy	none	Sam throws a dinner party, while Gemma reveals her new mystery man.Tom P and Lauren P go on a date at a vineyard and Cara and Billie go on the warpath with Arg over their argument with Jess.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 8	Comedy	none	The girl Tom K has been texting is revealed, causing some unhappiness. Joey is in trouble with Sam, and Nanny Pat gets new dentures.Plus, the gossip after Lauren P and Tom P's romantic moment. Reality programme following a group of people in Essex.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 9	Comedy	none	Gemma confronts Charlie in the ultimate showdown over Gemma confronting Charlie on his sexuality. Sam and Joey decide to give their relationship another go.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 10	Comedy	none	Lauren Goodger confronts Tom P about his lie to Lauren Pope and she also revealed she has reached out to Jessica to make amends and misses Lauren Pope's friendship. Also, during a diamond jubilee part, Arg and Gemma finally reveal that they love each other.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 1	Comedy	none	Arg and Gemma have a double date with Sam and Joey although things don't run smoothly with Arg insulting Gemma throughout the meal and Sam bumping into Lucy.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 2	Comedy	none	Lauren G agrees to go on a date with Tom P, whilst Mick holds an Essex-style sports day.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 3	Comedy	none	Joey holds an 80s themed party for his 22nd birthday. Lydia has a chat with Gemma about Arg's controlling ways which doesn't go down to well when Arg walks in on the conversation.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 4	Comedy	none	Sam and Joey go house hunting to find the perfect first home together and Arg tries to impress Gemma.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 5	Comedy	none	Bobby confides in best friend Lydia that he thinks he's fallen in love with Charlie; Sam and Lucy agree to meet and make up over the cheating accusations against Mario.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 6	Comedy	none	Everyone heads out to celebrate Charlie's birthday; sensing something is wrong with Bobby, Charlie tries to comfort his best friend although Bobby drops a bombshell. Jamie Reed makes quite an impression on a few of the ladies.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 7	Comedy	none	Sam hosts a garden party; Bobby confides in Gemma about his current situation with Charlie.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 8	Comedy	none	Gemma and Charlie come to blows once again over Gemma questioning his sexuality, which also causes Gemma and Bobby to fall out.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 9	Comedy	none	Lauren Goodger begins to have doubts about Tom, Arg takes Gemma for a surprise singing lesson, and Bobby celebrates his birthday at a funfair in Southend.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 10	Comedy	none	The series concludes with Lucy throwing a prom for her 21st birthday and Jamie apologising to Frankie.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 1	Comedy	none	Lucy is still having doubts about planning her wedding, Charlie and Danni start dating although Charlie wants to make them exclusive. Kirk returns to the series. Gemma confronts Diags to see if Arg cheated on her during their relationship.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 2	Comedy	none	Arg and Joey attend an appearance at a wedding, while Chloe opens up about her split with her boyfriend whilst bra shopping. Arg goes round to Gemmas to try and get his stuff back and officially end their relationship.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 3	Comedy	none	Mick and Kirk decide to start work on their new business venture whilst Lucy decides to make a drastic change to her appearance. Charlie ends things with Danni due to her not wanting to commit to a sexual relationship.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 4	Comedy	none	Diags takes Chloe out to cheer her up following her recent split from her boyfriend, Mario goes to visit brother in law Tom Fletcher for advice on his relationship with Lucy. Lydia goes to confront Arg at his home following the recent arguments between him and her current boyfriend. Lucy decides to call off her engagement with Mario telling him she feels too young to get married.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 5	Comedy	none	Mick starts recruiting for his "Sugar Hut Honeys", during interviewing one of the potential honeys they reveal they have been texting Mario.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 1	Comedy	none	Lauren fears that she could be pregnant. Mario celebrates his 25th birthday without Lucy, meanwhile newcomer Amy reveals that the only reason Mario hasn't cheated on her was because she turned him down. Bobby announces he wants a "gayby". Diags, Tom and Arg help Joey decorate his new shop.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 2	Comedy	none	Gemma launches her new dieting club but is disappointed to hear that Arg and Jasmin are getting close. Lauren tells Kirk that she's taken a pregnancy test and it's negative. Lucy's upset continues as she tries to find out what really happened between Mario and Amy. Bobby finds out that Gemma disapproves of his plans for a "gayby".
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 3	Comedy	none	Arg invites Jasmin round for dinner at Sam's where Sam and Jess question Arg's feelings towards Gemma. Joey holds job interviews for his new shop. Mario refuses to make the first move with Lucy after claiming he's not a cheat. Kirk gets emotional in front of Lauren.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 4	Comedy	none	Joey breaks down during a conversation with Sam about his mum. Lucy finds out what really happened between Amy and Mario, then agrees to give the relationship another go. Little Chris has doubts over Mario. Gemma and Arg continue to flirt.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 5	Comedy	none	Jasmin's friend, Abi, takes an interest in Tom as Diags reveals that she was a former love interest of his. Joey visits his mum's grave with Sam. Mario and Lucy decide to take a break from Essex. After a meeting about the surrogacy, Bobby realises he's not ready financially to be a dad.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 6	Comedy	none	Bobby and Charlie talk about their new business ideas. Ricky hosts a comedy night for everyone. Arg and Gemma discuss their situation with each other. Tom takes Abi fishing for their first date. Gemma and Bobby come to blows once again.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 7	Comedy	none	Arg hosts a St Patrick's Day themed party arranged by Bobby and Charlie. Abi and Tom go on their second date. Danny and Jasmin confront Ricky over what he's been saying about them. Gemma goes to see a hypnotist. Joey, Diags, Kirk, Sam, Chloe and Frankie go indoor skydiving.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 8	Comedy	none	Gemma attempts to clear the air with Bobby and Charlie but it leads to another argument as Charlie sides with Gemma. Frankie's nervous as she cooks a meal for Joey and Sam. Joey sticks up for Danny and stands up to Ricky.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 9	Comedy	none	Joey finally opens his new shop, Fusey, with the help of Sam. Bobby gathers his friends to say goodbye to his car before putting it in a car crusher. Abi, Jasmin, James and Dan agree to go on a double date. Chloe gets emotional trying to protect Joey from getting hurt. Mario returns.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 10	Comedy	none	Chloe confronts Sam about her arguments with Joey. Arg is thrown out of Gemma's dieting club. Bobby is forced to choose between Gemma and Charlie after she offers him a job. Dan, James, Abi and Jasmin go on their double date. Mario and Little Chris attempt to call a truce. Jess and Ricky discuss their future.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 11	Comedy	none	Joey tells Billie of his plans to propose to Sam in Dubai. Abi's not happy with James after seeing him talking to Lauren. Dan and James arrange a five-a-side football match, making Arg a little over competitive. Bobby tries to impress Gemma on his first day working for her. Lucy returns.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 12	Comedy	none	The day of the five-a-side football match arrives and Mario is there to support Arg's team leaving Little Chris and Ricky on the other team angry. Later, Little Chris and Ricky confront Mario and Lucy as they try to resolve their issues. This however leads to more arguments. Joey proposes to Sam in Dubai and she accepts. They then return to Essex for their engagement party.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	The Only Way Is Marbs 2013, Part 1	Comedy	none	As the group arrive in Marbs, Mario starts to enjoy single life. When Jasmin goes all out to impress him, Lucy gatecrashes the party. Wayne tries to charm Lauren by taking her on a date but gets angry when Chloe tags along. Arg gets chatting to a girl at the club but later finds out she's with Mario. Gemma ditches Bobby and Charlie K to join the others and is shocked when Arg opens up to her about his feelings, but she stands by the fact that she's over him. Ferne and Billie doubt Joey and Sam's relationship whilst Tom admits to fancying Lucy.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	The Only Way Is Marbs 2013, Part 2	Comedy	none	Mario asks new girlfriend Beth Wilson to come to Essex when they return home, and it's revealed that Lucy and Dan spent the night together. Arg is disappointed when Gemma's boyfriend Rami arrives in Marbs to see her. Ricky shocks Jess by asking her to move in with him but Lucy soon puts a spanner in the works with her negative thoughts. On a night out, Lucy and Mario clash before Lucy throws her drink at him, and after several arguments and both getting emotional over their relationship, Joey and Sam decide to take a break from each other.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 3	Comedy	none	Back in Essex, Lucy goes on a date with Dan, meanwhile Mario plots to find out who told Lucy the truth about him cheating. Arg hosts a BBQ and plans to get closer to Gemma but isn't happy when Rami gets in the way. Ferne and Charlie S' relationship is on the rocks after they're caught in the middle of Sam and Joey's problems, and Lucy apologises to Little Chris. Billie and Ferne take Sam to a spa to brighten her mood whilst Joey confides in his family. Mario finally confesses to his mum about cheating on Lucy, and Carol finds it hard to let go of Jess.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 4	Comedy	none	Wayne apologises to Chloe in an attempt to impress Lauren, whilst Charlie K and Bobby's meeting with a potential client doesn't go to plan. After a day with the boys in the zoo, Joey agrees to meet Sam but he suggests having another week to make a decision about their relationship. Diags admits to wanting to be more than friends with Abi. Mario continues to investigate who told Lucy about his cheating and confronts Little Chris about it, but then Dan reveals to James that Ricky is the guilty one.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 5	Comedy	none	Billie and Chloe clash over their family situation, whilst Ferne and Charlie S' relationship remains rocky when Ferne takes sides with Sam and Charlie sides with Joey. Mario confronts Ricky but he denies telling Lucy about him cheating and blames everything on Little Chris. Dan reveals that he's going to be a dad to his ex-girlfriend. Diags takes Abi out on a romantic date in a rowboat in the middle of a lake in an attempt to impress her.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 6	Comedy	none	Lucy meets up with Lydia to discuss the relationship with Dan and how it's now complicated with the father-to-be. Mario's accusations towards Ricky leave Jess confused over her feelings. Ferne and Charlie S' party causes tension between the Faiers family and the Essex/Sims family, but then Joey and Sam finally speak to each other but agree that the relationship is going nowhere with the constant arguing. Lucy gets emotional when she talks to Dan about their situation, and Ricky confesses to Jess about cheating.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 7	Comedy	none	As Joey celebrates being officially single, James tries to charm Sam and asks her out for a drink leaving Joey feeling jealous and betrayed. Abi goes all out to impress Diags and cooks a romantic meal for him. Lucy tells Jess that she already knew about Ricky's cheating, but it was more than once. A shocked Jess plots to find out the truth about Ricky's infidelity but doesn't get the answers she wants when Ricky's revelations don't match Mario's version of events. Gemma tells Bobby that her relationship with Rami has ended.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 8	Comedy	none	Jess remains upset over Ricky and is certain he's cheated more than once. Dan feels awkward after Lucy receives a text from Mario asking her to meet with him. Bobby tries to impress a man when him, Gemma and Charlie K hit Essex Pride. James attempts to charm Sam at the races and asks her out on a date with just the two of them. An angry Ferne clashes with Chloe after a confrontation with Joey over recent comments he's made towards her, leaving Charlie S in an awkward situation. Arg is convinced that Gemma wants him back.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 9	Comedy	none	Chloe enjoys her first day in her new job while Joey and Ferne clear the air at Charlie K's Michael Jackson themed party. Lucy agrees to meet Mario but it ends in arguments as Mario reveals Lucy made a sex tape with Dan in Marbella. James continues to annoy Joey as he pursues Sam. Chris confesses to Dan about telling Mario about the sex tape which causes bickering. As Dan and Lucy discuss the recent events, Dan announces he wants to meet with Mario. Ricky attempts to win Jess back by taking her to a spa.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	The Only Way Is Vegas, Part 1	Comedy	none	The gang arrive in Vegas, but news of Charlie getting close to Jasmin is on Ferne's mind. A girl's night out to the strippers has big consequences for Ricky and Jess as their relationship comes to an end. With Lucy considering reuniting with Mario, she discovers he's recently kissed Lauren. Jess' cousin, Elliot arrives in Vegas to surprise her, and Joey and Arg get competitive at a casino.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	The Only Way Is Vegas, Part 2	Comedy	none	Sam and Elliot's kiss has people talking, and Arg notices a connection between the pair during a meal together. Worried at how Joey would react, Arg questions Elliot over his future with Sam. Ferne forces Charlie to choose between herself and Jasmin, and it all ends in tears after she discovers he's seen her again. Ricky and Jess call a truce as he surprises her with a helicopter tour of Vegas, and news of Tom and Lucy getting together spreads, but she admits she's still in love with Mario.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 3	Comedy	none	Elliott makes his feelings known about Jess' decision to stay with Ricky causing a heated argument. Ferne confesses to spending the night with Charlie in Vegas, but claims she needs to forget about him and move on. Lucy and Tom's date is ruined when they bump into Lauren and Mario, and Lauren confronts Lucy over the rumours she's been spreading. As Elliott and Sam get closer, Joey reveals that she's been sending secret texts telling him she still loves him.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 4	Comedy	none	Sam has some explaining to do when Elliott questions her about her texts with Joey. Ferne and Jasmin come face-to-face and attempt to settle their differences. Jess forces Ricky and Elliott to spend the day together to bond with each other. Ferne struggles to accept the relationship is over with Charlie as he walks out on her. At Little Chris' party, Gemma asks Bobby to move in with her, Tom clears the air with Mario over his new relationship with Lucy, and Mario and Lauren agree to just be friends.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 5	Comedy	none	Arg and Diags go to a life drawing class in an attempt to meet girls. Joey and Sam meet up to discuss their situation, and as Sam admits she still has feelings for him, Joey tells her they both need to move on. Gemma is horrified to hear that Arg has been telling people that they slept together in Vegas and has no choice but to confront him leading to a big argument. Lucy feels anxious as Tom and Mario go to the pub together, and Sam tells Elliott she doesn't want a relationship with him.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 6	Comedy	none	With Gemma still denying anything happening in Vegas, Arg uses Bobby to try and get to the truth. Sam bumps into her ex-boyfriend Lewis and invites him to her wine and cheese party. Ferne gets relationship advice from Mario, leaving Lucy confused over his intentions, and Tom angry that he's gotten into Lucy's head again. Elliott urges Sam to be more brutally honest with her feelings towards Joey, and Arg makes an unwelcome apology to Gemma.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 7	Comedy	none	Abi and Jasmin become distant from each other leaving them both confused and upset. Ferne confesses to sleeping with Charlie again as Lewis admits he wants to get to know Sam again. James introduces his new girlfriend, Danielle. Bobby hosts a charity auction night, and Charlie is left hurt as Ferne wins her bid for Dan. Tom surprises Lucy by taking her for a romantic night, but as he asks her to be his girlfriend, she has her doubts. Sam is shocked when Joey turns up at the charity auction and wins the bid for her.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 8	Comedy	none	Jasmin gets jealous as Dan prepares for his date with Ferne, whilst Charlie admits he's also hurt by the pair. Gemma tells Elliott that she's considering getting back together with Rami. Debbie returns to give Lucy some relationship advice, but puts more doubts in her mind over Tom. At the Halloween party there's clear tension between Elliott and Lewis, and Lauren tells Mario that they need to avoid each other to stop the awkwardness. Joey and Sam attempt to rekindle their relationship, but decide to take things step-by-step.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 9	Comedy	none	Elliott and Lewis get competitive at 5-a-side bubble football. Lucy secretly confides in Mario over her feelings towards Tom, but as Tom catches them together, he decides to end things with Lucy. As Ferne and Dan go on a second date, she's not happy when he invites Danielle and James along too. Charlie announces that he's still sleeping with Ferne as Jasmin reveals she and Dan got cosy in Vegas. After the date ends in disaster, Ferne arrives at Arg's bonfire party to have a heated argument with Jasmin. Sam gives Joey an ultimatum.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 10	Comedy	none	Despite Lewis urging Joey to give things another go with Sam, he tells her that they can't be together. Charlie visits Ferne's Mum to apologise for hurting her daughter. Mario isn't impressed when Lucy and Tom continue to spend time together and isn't happy to hear that Lola has been dyed pink. With Gemma and Rami back together, she asks Bobby to move out and give them their own space. Charlie finally admits his true feelings for Ferne and the pair rekindle their relationship.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 11	Comedy	none	A flirty comment from Elliott towards Lucy angers Tom. Bobby and Gemma face an emotional goodbye as he moves out. Charlie and Ferne go on a double date with Mario and his new girlfriend, Pascal, who they are impressed with. Arg, Diags and Joey go to pop choir in another attempt to meet girls. With Tom and Lucy happy on a date, they're rocked as Elliott makes an appearance and starts to flirt with Lucy giving Tom no choice but to start a fight. Meanwhile, Lewis takes Sam out on a friendly date.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 12	Comedy	none	Lewis hosts an 80's themed party. Dan questions Charlie over one of his tweets about him, but it's Jasmin and Ferne who end up having the argument. Lucy finds it difficult as she comes face-to-face with Mario's new girlfriend, and doubts her feelings towards Tom. Following an honest discussion, Tom decides it's best to let Lucy go. Joey arrives to the party to say a final goodbye to Sam before leaving Essex. Elsewhere, Mario offers Lucy another chance to make their relationship work.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 1	Comedy	none	Billie has some celebrating to do when she goes for a baby scan and discovers she's having a girl, but there's worries for Sam as she's diagnosed with Crohn's disease. Mario introduces his new love interest Grace and invites her to his birthday party, however he's unaware that Grace has another mystery man on the go. Following the split of Charlie and Ferne, Chloe tells Charlie that there has been rumours that Ferne cheated on him. Bobby and Gemma finally make peace, and Lewis is revealed as Grace's mystery man. Charlie angrily confronts Ferne over the rumours.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 2	Comedy	none	After Charlie and Ferne spend the night together, she finally confesses to cheating on him with Frank, a new boy in Essex. Danni and Lockie discuss buying a house, but it all ends in tears as Danni confides in Jess over rumours that Lockie has cheated. As Diags admits he has feelings for his new flatmate Fran, he's jealous when he sees her and Tom flirting with each other. Lewis tries his luck with Grace but is heartbroken when she goes on a date with Mario. Frank arrives at Gemma's party and offers Ferne a relationship.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 3	Comedy	none	Tom hatches a plan to get Diags to open up about his feelings towards Fran by deliberately making him jealous and taking her out on a date himself. Lockie isn't happy with Jess' advice towards Danni over the cheating rumours. Billie hosts a shake party for everyone to support Sam through her Crohn's disease. Tom's plan backfires as Fran wants another date. Grace backs off from Mario, and Lockie confesses to texting other girls causing Danni to realise she doesn't want to move in with him anymore.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 4	Comedy	none	Tom begins to feel guilty for hurting Diags and is forced to apologise to an angry Fran. Ferne announces that her and Charlie have cut all ties with each other to avoid temptation. As the girls all go to a spa together, Danni isn't impressed that Lockie has went on a boys night out. Bobby's questions about secrets in relationships raise Gemma and Jess' suspicions. A jealous Charlie comes face-to-face with Frank, and Diags continues to keep Fran in the dark over his feelings.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 5	Comedy	none	Charlie tweets screenshots of his texts to Ferne causing tension between her and Frank, and as she tries to explain herself the pair end up splitting. Tom asks Fran on another date, while Arg asks Diags out for dinner in an attempt to get them both together and talking. At the meal, Diags finally admits his feelings towards Fran. With Lockie trying to prove himself towards Danni, they're unaware that Bobby knows the truth about their relationship. As Bobby shows her proof that Lockie is a cheat, he's no choice but to confess leaving Danni devastated.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 6	Comedy	none	Fran admits to Georgia that Tom has made it awkward for her and Diags as she moves out, but a visit from Tom leaves her more angry over the situation. Danni questions Bobby further over the girl Lockie cheated with, but when things don't add up she sides with Lockie again. Arg hosts a food themed party where Frank has another confrontation with Charlie. Diags and Fran have a heart to heart as she admits she also has feelings towards him and asks to move back in. Danni and Lockie hit back at Bobby and Gemma causing another big argument at the party.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 8	Comedy	none	Jasmin is hurt to hear that Dan has been spending time with Georgia. Jess continues to get upset after comments from Carol and Elliott about her relationship with Ricky. Grace and Lewis go on their first date, and agree to see each other again. After thinking about all the recent events in her relationship with Lockie, Danni decides to end things. Ricky declares war with Elliott, and Charlie attempts to put an end to Mario's celibacy by taking him to a sex yoga class.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 9	Comedy	none	Chloe reveals that she's recently kissed Mario, as Charlie worries his friend might end up hurting his sister. Lockie isn't impressed to hear that Danni has gone on a singles night with the girls. The rivalry between Ricky and Elliott continues as their families get involved. Jasmin competes for Dan confusing Georgia of her intentions, and Lewis and Grace hit the rocks when his attention turns elsewhere. The Wright's civil chat with the Rayment's suddenly descends into an angry confrontation when Elliott and Ricky lose their temper.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 10	Comedy	none	Lauren gets emotional when it hits home that her best friend Chloe has betrayed her by going with Mario. Dan surprises Jasmin by offering to take her out on a date, and Grace is heartbroken to see that Lewis is talking to his ex-girlfriend Olivia again. On the night of the big fight, Ricky and Elliott call a truce, before Elliott takes to the ring with Lewis. Elliott wins the boxing match as Lockie finally confesses to Danni that he cheated. A guilty Chloe lets Mario down gently.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 11	Comedy	none	Jasmin implies that she has slept with Dan leaving him confused and Georgia jealous, but as they go on their first date together the pair get closer. There's a clear atmosphere between Ferne and Fran at Billie's baby shower, and Bobby admits that he's started seeing someone. Lockie surprises Danni by writing her an apology letter, and she considers taking him back. Mario's attempt to clear the air between Chloe and Lauren backfires as Lauren reveals some of his dirty secrets. Jess is delighted that her family have finally accepted her relationship with Ricky.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 12	Comedy	none	Bobby and Charlie take matters into their own hands in order to get Chloe and Lauren talking again. Dan tells Georgia that nothing is going on between him and Jasmin. Lockie continues to impress Danni in an attempt to win her back, whilst Diags and Fran finally make their relationship official. Sam gets emotional as she announces she's taking a break from Essex to focus on her health, and Lydia's shock return has huge consequences for Gemma's feelings towards Arg.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Ibiza	Comedy	none	The Essex lot are back and this time they're in the party isle of Ibiza! Cue lots of bronzed torsos (drool) and… a ball bag? Yep, that'd be Bobby's latest beachwear fashion. Mario's back, but it isn't all smiles on his return, plus some relationships are sinking faster than the Titanic… or a flashy yacht on the Mediterranean.Elliott and Chloe were in lover's paradise, that is until word got around that Mario's arrived with Charlie. El was irate at Mario's suggestion he take his girlfriend out for drinks, so told Chloe she isn't allowed to be friends with him anymore. Possessive, much? El eventually calmed down and agreed to a lunch, which went surprisingly smoothly. Mario later told Elliott he's genuinely pleased to see him and Chloe happy together. Hmmm. How long will this truce last?Danni confided in Chloe that James had been an awful boyfriend over the past two months before explaining how she miscarried their baby and how hLockie left her in hospital and went to work! Lockie knows he did wrong so went to Bobby, patron saint of advice, who told him he needs to show Danni how much he cares or it's "game over" for their relationship.Things were explosive between Lauren and Lewis, as Vas told his BFF how Lew cheated on her all summer! Newbie George arrived on the scene and told her old mate Georgia how she kissed Lew in Marbs (though thought he was single at the time). Lew eventually admitted to everything, but called Popey old in the process. Pops responded by labelling Lewis "an immature t***". By TOWIE terms, it was a pretty smooth break-up.New guy Tommy made quite the impression on Georgia, and who can blame her eh, after seeing the Mallett Skank in full effect? But it seems Dan may still have a bit of a crush on her after he ‘accidentally' sent her a naked picture (oh, that old chestnut) which featured his ‘elephant trunk', as Lydia so kindly referred to it. So it was of no surprise that Dan seemed jealous when he heard about G and Tommy. He advised her "as a friend" to stay away from Tommy because he didn't want to see her get hurt. Aww!Elsewhere Arg and Lydia seemed the picture-perfect couple and why wouldn't they be, with Arg's "magnetism"? Lyds was just happy he got as far as the airport after his last incident (#PrayForArg). Oh, and Chloe and Ferne STILL aren't friends. Oh TOWIE, some things just never change.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Ibiza Part 2	Comedy	none	Lewis has well and truly put Lauren behind him but has found himself caught up in another relationship drama. Meanwhile, things got serious with Tommy and Georgia and the Ferne/Chloe saga has taken a turn for the worse… again!A holiday romance blossomed between Tom and George, but is she still caught up on Lewis? She told Tom she liked him, but Lew brought the Black and Gold party to a standstill when he confronted George for showing up in his room saying how confused she felt. Poor Tom looked bewildered while Lewis and George tore chunks out of each other. George defended herself by saying she just wanted to be Lew's friend. "I cheated on my girlfriend with you… how are we friends?" Woah, way to put it bluntly Lewis! George shrugged off Lew's behaviour as jealousy, but doth the lady protest too much?After telling Dan to keep his nose out of his and Georgia's relationship, Tommy was committed to making himself a one-woman man with a cool fist bump sealing the deal. Perhaps if they'd pinkie-promised, Tommy wouldn't have broken rule number two (no rudeness in public, FYI) within five minutes of arriving at the party. Hmm the future isn't looking too bright for ol' G&T…The Ferne/ Chloe feud reignited as Mario got closer to Chloe and Elliott and Ferne felt well and truly left out in the cold (which was a mild 26 degrees in Ibiza). Jess even got involved and found herself up against her cousin at the party, as Ferne confronted Elliott for stirring things with her and Chloe and making the situation worse. In the end, Ferne promised to patch things up with Chloe, but as Elliott warned, actions speak louder than words.Elsewhere, Lockie and Danni didn't exactly get to the root of their issues, but Lockie surprised everyone by suggesting couples counselling and promising Danni he wouldn't let her down. Love was literally in the air for Arg and Lyds as they proclaimed the L-word on the beach like a right soppy old pair… N'aww!
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 3	Comedy	none	Lewis decides to give that building bridges thing a go and Chloe and Elliott's relationship is on the rocks. Good thing there's no-one around Essex waiting to meddle, right?After every man and his dog in Essex had a say on their relationship, Chloe and Elliott finally discussed their feelings, and there wasn't a dry eye in the house. Chloe's desperate to stop feeling so isolated from everyone but El after their rocky time in Ibiza, but our El doesn't really get it. Maybe Nanny Pat needs to have a word and set 'em all straight. With Chloe wanting a "break", is it finally over between the two?Meanwhile Ferne seems to be loving that there's trouble in paradise with Elliott and Chloe, mainly because the Ferne/Chloe feud has been kicking off majorly recently, but also cause she loves a bit of drama! She couldn't keep the smile off her face at Jess' doggy birthday party, and not just because of how absolutely adorable it was.Debbie set Lewis straight and insisted he needed to apologise to Lauren for the seriously harsh bombs he dropped during their last slanging match. So that should do it, right? Nahh! Popey had none of it and insisted that his apology wasn't sincere. "I think your apology is fake, and you're fake." Way not to mince your words, Lauren! Will his second apology, to George, prove any more successful?Elsewhere, love is in the air for a few other Essex couples, and the guys have been trying to get to the girl's hearts through their stomachs. Tommy took a chance by taking Georgia for pie and mash on their first date. Luckily she showed her true Essex girl credentials and she loved it! It went so well, they even talked about kids (yikes!). And Tom used a sushi making class as an excuse to get close to George. Maybe these sweet dates will get him closer to his goal: breaking her three month nookie rule?
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Byes, bums and baby oil!	Comedy	none	The time for Bobby's huge charity bash had almost arrived, but as the boys were working on their dance moves and deliberating whether their crotch action should be ‘a subtle pump, or a y'know, pump-pump?', drama was stirring up between the girls…Ferne and Gemma were still at each other's throats, but behind each other's backs, natch. Gemma was annoyed at Ferne, thinking she was way out of order showing her an article about gastric band surgery, adding she needed to ‘learn when to pipe down'. But Ferne insisted she didn't even know Gemma was angry at her, and was crushed when GC insisted everyone hated her. MEEEEOOOW!Stomachs around the country churned as they ran into each other at Bobby's charity do, but they ended up making up, after Gemma suggested Ferne wasn't ‘a bad person deep down', and that she is ‘an acquired taste'. Wow, get us the tissues… But Dani reckons it's all "so fake". Maybe saying ‘I love you' thirty seconds after you're ready to claw someone's eyes out doesn't quite wash!Jess drew a huge line under her relationship with Ricky, and really showed it by initiating the ever-awkward post-breakup-stuff-exchange. And going over in her evening dress, looking a million bagillion quid? Well, that was just a bit of extra punishment! Ricky decided he's going to take some time out of Essex to visit his parents in Florida, but with Jess insinuating that he shouldn't be trusting his mate Mario, he'll have a lot of thinking to do while he's sunning his beard.Meanwhile, the boys got their bums out for a good cause… along with everything else! And Dan even helped out by manning his own kissing booth. Yes, dreams really can come true. So, even though everyone had tears in their eyes while Bobby was on stage and filling up as he talked about his mum's illness, the charity bash was a success. Even if the audience got more of an eyeful than they bargained for…
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 1	Comedy	none	The UK's most talked-about reality show returns with a fourteenth series. What will happen during a girly holiday in Tenerife? Can Bobby outdo his revealing outfit from last year?
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 2	Comedy	none	Reality series following the ups and downs of a group of glamorous Essex residents, set against a backdrop of flash cars, endless parties and fancy boutiques.
2098	The Only Way is Essex	Episode 6	Comedy	none	Reality series. Tommy and Lockie's friendly rivalry turns sour as they cause a divide over their respective club nights and Ferne stirs things up after Jake denies kissing Lauren.
2099	Road Rules	Road Rules	Action	none	Road Rules is back! And this time around, you're in charge. Like the 13 seasons of Road Rules that have come before, we're putting six suddenly penniless people in an RV and setting them on an adventure led by a Roadmaster, Drew Bell. And, as before, each episode will land the competitors in new locations to face unforeseen obstacles and challenges as they strive to achieve their goal. Expect each episode to have all of the big missions that are at the core of Road Rules. And with it expect all of the drama that comes from Road Rules veterans Veronica, Abram, Kina, Adam, Susie and Shane being crammed into an RV without a clue of where they're headed or what they'll be doing tomorrow.
2100	The Challenge	The Challenge	Action	none	Battle of the Exes II takes twenty six of the most infamous former flames, recent splits, and fresh faces from other MTV reality series, to Panama for one of the most explosive Challenge formats yet. Once paired up with their exes, these competitors must overcome their past in order to face the present, if they want a shot at claiming their share of the $350,000 grand prize. Will romances be rekindled or will unresolved issues ruin these pairs? Between the bitter rivalries, jealous lovers, and demanding challenges, it'll take the ultimate couple to withstand the pressures of the game. And with a brand new, mid-season twist that will shock the cast like never before, the stakes have never been higher for these exes to work as teams.The 25th season, Free Agents, forces players to compete on their own in a battle of perseverance and luck. The players will have no idea if they'll be competing in teams, pairs or as individuals until moments before each challenge begins. Winners are not only safe from elimination, but also have the power to choose one guy and one girl to send in. The losers from that day's challenge must take part in the game's biggest elimination twist yet, "The Draw", where one guy and one girl are selected by pure chance to face the two nominated players in the elimination round. With competitors' fates being determined by a flip of a card, no amount of strategy can protect them.A grand total of $350,000 is up for grabs, and with so much money on the line, these already blood-thirsty competitors turn vicious. Heated rivalries will take shape, bitter enemies will clash, and heart-tugging relationships will form. Only the lucky few will face the epic final challenge that starts in dangerous rapids and ends at the top of an active volcano. In the end, this season will find the most worthy challenger yet, the ultimate FREE AGENT.
2102	Dragon Ball	Dragon Ball	Action	7.5	This is where it all begins. The story starts with Goku at 12 when he first meets Bulma and is introduced to the legend of the Dragonballs: who ever gets all seven Dragonballs will have their wish granted by Shenron, the Dragon who resides within the balls. As Goku goes along his adventure he meets other characters such as Master Roshi, Krillin and others.
2103	Dragon Ball Z	Dragon Ball Z	Action	7.7	Part 2 of the Dragonball madness, this story starts when Goku is an adult and introduces him to his Saiyan origin. The main theme of Dragonball Z is fighting although it still retains aspects of the humor and adventure from the previous Dragonball series. Characters develop as they grow, mature, and some even have children! Many of Goku's former enemies become his friend they band together to fight greater evils along the way.
2104	Dragon Ball GT	Dragon Ball GT	Action	7.5	After the Buu saga ended in Dragonball Z, Toriyama wanted to end the series and start on another project. However Toei, the animation company wanted to continue the Dragonball series. Hence without Dragonball's main man, they developed a new series called Dragonball GT "Grand Tour." The story focuses on Goku, Pan and Trunks as they travel the galaxy in search of the universal black star Dragonballs. When the series started, it went back to a similar environment like Dragonball with humor and simplicity in mind. That proved un popular among fans. As such they went back to the old "beat or be beat" type of series fans so much adored.
2105	Above and Beyond	Above and Beyond	Drama	8.0	Above and Beyond is a four-hour 2006 miniseries aired by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation on October 29 and 30. The miniseries is about the Atlantic Ferry Organization, which was tasked with delivering aircraft from North America to Europe in the early years of the Second World War.This World War II miniseries follows a young London couple involved in the Royal Air Force's Ferry Command operation. Set in 1940 and based on real events, the story chronicles the lovers' budding affair and their strategic decision to defy orders to preserve their romance -- and the critical mission of the RAF.
2105	Above and Beyond	Episode 1	Drama	8.0	In 1940, Canadian weapons of war, including newly manufactured aircraft ordered by the British, have to be delivered to the United Kingdom. Lord Beaverbrook, head of the UK Ministry of Aircraft Production, also arranged for the purchase of aircraft from manufacturers in the United States. Aircraft were first transported to Dorval Airport near Montreal and then flown to RCAF Station Gander in Newfoundland for the transatlantic flight. The initial ferry flight of seven Lockheed Hudson bombers from Gander Airport in Newfoundland took place on November 10, 1940
2105	Above and Beyond	Episode 2	Drama	8.0	In 1941, the Atlantic Ferry Organization was set up, with civilian pilots flying the aircraft to the UK. The organization was handed over to the Air Ministry, becoming the RAF Ferry Command. More than 9,000 aircraft are ferried across the north Atlantic and, by the end of the war, helped make transatlantic flying a safe and commonplace event
2106	The High Life	The High Life	Comedy	none	Set aboard a plane for the ficticious Scottish airline, Air Scotia, The High Life was a vehicle for the up-and-coming young Scottish commedians Alan Cumming (now best known for his turns in Goldeneye and X-Men II) and Forbes Masson. The show mixed very camp humour with ludicrous situations and bizarre dance routines to great effect. The series span out of a pilot made for the series "Comic Asides" (this still exists and has been made available on the Region 0 DVD distributed by Network Videos) but sadly only one series of six episodes was made before the series was cancelled. Alan Cumming started taking higher profile movie roles whilst Forbes Masson returned to the theatre where he has gained much critical acclaim as a playwright. The show never really struck a chord with a wide audience, although it does still have a cult fanbase, but it was equally praised and derided for its breakneck pace and energy and for its use of Scots
2106	The High Life	Feart	Comedy	none	Steve's impending thirtieth birthday has him feeling disenchanted with his complete lack of any career progression so when Sebastian spots an advert for two flight attendents to switch to long haul flights they apply. Before they can do so they have to get a reference from Shona who, having encountered her convict father on board a flight, is having troubles of her own. Will Steve and Sebastian be able to impress the ""inspector incognito"" aboard the flight or will Sebastian's caustic remarks and bad attitude let the pair down?
2106	The High Life	Birl	Comedy	none	After a poor inspection the Air Scotia employees are ordered to attend a weekend of training at a Scottish country retreat. Steve is going there looking for love, Sebastian wants to spend the weekend in a drunken revelry but the instructor Gretchen is harsh and threatens to fail them which would result in them losing their jobs. Whilst Steve's romantic fortunes hang in the wind Sebastian has hatched a plan to get a pass but how will the arrival of Gretchen's ex-lover change things and is Steve to be happy?
2106	The High Life	Winch	Comedy	none	Sebastian returns from a holiday to Florida to discover Steve swooning over another apparent whirlwind romance but, in his eagerness to uncover the sordid details forgets to order the breakfasts for the flight that morning. Who is the mystery woman that Steve is going to propose to, what did the Captain see, and just how will Sebastian cover up the lack of in-flight meals?
2106	The High Life	Choob	Comedy	none	Shona beats Sebastian to be the new "Face of Air Scotia" for the promotional video being filmed on board. The lecherous film director chases Shona, Steve wants his clackers back from the armed terrorist who takes the passengers hostage whilst Sebastian does all he can to sabotage Shona's video apperance. P.S. IT SHOULD'VE BEEN ME!!!
2106	The High Life	Dug	Comedy	none	Steve and Sebastian decide to enter the Scottish leg of the Song for Europe. Sebastian is aiming for fame and fortune, and Steve for a girl.
2106	The High Life	Dunk	Comedy	none	After a bumpy landing, that results in concussion for the crew, Steve and Sebastian become embroiled in a plot to steal a secret biscuit recipe, devised by Professor Wormit.
2107	The Loop	The Loop	Comedy	none	This comedy revolves around a guy (Bret Harrison, Grounded for Life) right out of college who becomes the first among his friends to get a real job, as a Chicago-based airline's youngest executive, and straddles the fence between slacker and working man.
2107	The Loop	Pilot	Comedy	none	Sam has difficulties balancing his new job as an airline executive while still saving enough time to keep up with his slacker friends who don't see working as a priority.
2107	The Loop	Jack Air	Comedy	none	Sam is given an assignment at work to make a low-cost airline carrier, but he may not be able to deliver his proposal because of a tequila challenge he took part in the night before.
2107	The Loop	Tiger Express	Comedy	none	At the bar, Sam bumps into Jolie, a girl he previously ditched on their third date. Sam's plan to reconnect with Jolie is hampered by a series of curve balls thrown by his boss.
2107	The Loop	Trouble in the Saddle	Comedy	none	On his way to an important business meeting at Russ's ranch, Sam stops off at home to put on some ranch attire.
2107	The Loop	Year of the Dog	Comedy	none	Meryl seeks Sam's expertise to assist with a vital presentation she's giving to the Chinese Department of Transportation.
2107	The Loop	Bear Drop Soup	Comedy	none	Sam's latest business proposition turns his coworkers against him and Sully comes up with the perfect solution to rid Piper's tutor of excess body hair.
2107	The Loop	Rusty Trombone	Comedy	none	A last-minute brainstorming meeting forces Sam to bail on his date with Piper and rescue her from sleazy Derek.
2107	The Loop	Windows	Comedy	none	Sam tries to get the new receptionist to go out with him, however he has to juggle his love life with the task of impressing a group of Icelandic visitors that Russ wants to do business with.
2107	The Loop	The Panthom	Comedy	none	Russ crashes into Sam's car and covers it up. To ease his guilt, he lends Sam his motorcycle, which Sully destroys. Desperate to come up with the cash to fix the bike, Sam enrolls in an experimental drug trial.
2107	The Loop	Yeah, Presents	Comedy	none	Russ tells everyone not to get him a present for his birthday, but everyone still scrambles to find him the perfect gift. Sam discovers that Russ once owned a beloved exotic bird, so he sets out to track one down. However, he gets into a load of trouble trying to import a bird across international borders.
2107	The Loop	CSI: Donut Idol Bowl	Comedy	none	To ramp up marketing to families, Russ decides that the airline needs a family-friendly icon. Sam submits a really great idea from Darcy, however Russ mistakenly uses a doodle drawn by Sully. The result is very "Sully-like."
2107	The Loop	The Dutch	Comedy	none	Sam feels that he is one of the boys when Russ invites him to a business lunch with the heads of the other airlines. However the experience is not without trouble, as Sam makes a simple donation to a charity sponsored by "The Dutch", which causes him much more than he bargained for.
2107	The Loop	Lady Business	Comedy	none	Sam runs afoul of Meryl when he nominates her for an award, and later discovers that she is not as thrilled as he thought she would be.
2107	The Loop	Stride	Comedy	none	When Trans-Alliance takes on "Stride" gum as a new corporate sponsor Sam is smitten by the "Stride" marketing rep. Unfortunately, Sam's desire to land the marketing rep clouds his best judgement when deciding on product placement.
2107	The Loop	Crazy Goat	Comedy	none	After Russ' crazy friend, "Crazy Goat", passes away, Russ asks his staff to come up with ways to make more money in "crazy" ways... just as "Crazy Goat" would have done. Sam finds out that Derek Tricolli has an idea that is crazy enough to work, however Derek will only participate if Sam fixes him up with Darcy.
2107	The Loop	Fatty	Comedy	none	In an attempt to understand the plight of plus-sized airline passengers, Sam is forced to fly while wearing a fat suit. However, while on the flight, Russell asks Sam to spy on his girlfriend... but Sam does more than that.
2107	The Loop	The Stranger	Comedy	none	Sam has been assigned a new project, however he chooses Russ' pal Ralph to assist him, instead of Meryl. After things go bad, Sam has to crawl back to Meryl to help him straighten out the mess.
2108	Odd Mom Out	Odd Mom Out	Comedy	none	The 10 episode half-hour comedy, "Odd Mom Out," stars acclaimed author Jill Kargman playing a satirical version of herself as she navigates the treacherous and elite ecosystem of New York's Upper East Side, and the uber-wealthy mommy clique inhabiting this fantastically outrageous domain. A New Yorker through and through, Jill Weber (Kargman) embraces her quirky and somewhat unconventional life with her loving husband, Andy (Andy Buckley, "The Office") and three great kids. Jill's frenemies and in-laws only fuel the pressure for her to conform, including the status-obsessed family matriarch, Candace (Joanna Cassidy, "Six Feet Under"), brother-in-law Lex (Sean Kleier, "Madam Secretary") and his wife, Brooke (Abby Elliott, "Saturday Night Live"), who reigns over a group of quintessential Upper East Side mombots with an iron credit card.
2108	Odd Mom Out	Wheels Up	Comedy	none	Jill's husband discovers that his brother scored $500 million from an overseas sale in the series premiere of this scripted comedy about a woman dealing with life and motherhood in New York's Upper East Side. Also: Jill is pressured to send her twins to the right school.
2108	Odd Mom Out	Vons Have More Fun	Comedy	none	Research in Austria shows that Candace, Brooke and Lex are descendants of a Prussian duke. Meanwhile, Brooke and Candace manipulate Jill with a trip to an exclusive spa, and Jill scrambles to deliver kindergarten applications for her twins.
2108	Odd Mom Out	Dying to Get In	Comedy	none	Stress increases for Jill over interviews with kindergartens for her twins. Elsewhere, Andy's mother wants the whole family to attend an interview for a prestigious, invite-only cemetery in a bid to secure their final resting place.
2108	Odd Mom Out	Omakase	Comedy	none	Jill meets a cool mom and thinks she can actually form a friendship with her. She sets up a double date for them and their husbands at a hot Japanese eatery, but the meal leaves a bitter taste when Brooke, Lex and their friends arrive. Meanwhile, Vanessa babysits Jill's children.
2108	Odd Mom Out	Brooklandia	Comedy	none	Jill takes a subway ride to Brooklyn with Vanessa for their college friend's backyard party. Jill immediately falls in love with the down-to-earth moms and homemade bread that people actually eat. Jill realizes the grass may not always be greener on the other side.
2108	Odd Mom Out	Midwife Crisis	Comedy	none	Jill gets a frantic call from Brooke who is going into labor a day before her scheduled c-section. When the ambulance refuses to take Brooke to the upscale hospital of her choice, Jill is left with only her wits to deliver Brooke's first naturally-birthed child. Andyand Lex enjoy an ill-timed technology-free afternoon that ends in a job offer, leading Jill to fear they might be getting in too deep with the Von Webers.
2108	Odd Mom Out	Sip 'n' See	Comedy	none	Jill reluctantly throws Brooke a "sip 'n see" party so everyone can meet her newborn daughter. At the party, Candaceenjoys a potent combination of painkillers and baby-tini cocktails, sending her aimlessly wandering the streets. Andy is overwhelmed by the extravagant perks of his new job. Later, Jill offers Andy a very special kind of virginity.
2108	Odd Mom Out	Staffing Up	Comedy	none	Brooke takes Jill to a children's museum to observe nannies in their natural habitat and to try to poach a caretaker to take home with her. However, Jill quickly feels useless when her new staff takes care of everything. With her newfound free time, she is pressured into helping Brooke plan her big NACHO benefit party, creating distance between her and Vanessa.
2108	Odd Mom Out	The Truth Fairy	Comedy	none	Brooke and her entourage launch an investigation to figure out who has been too honest with their kids about the harsh realities of the world. Jill finds herself lying to Vanessa about attending a charity luncheon. Andy discovers Lex's shocking secret that could destroy the Von Webers.
2108	Odd Mom Out	Wheels Down	Comedy	none	Jill faces a decision between attending a birthday bash or a prom-theme gala in the Season 1 finale. Also: Andy reveals a secret about Lex; and Candace discloses information that could destroy the family's seemingly perfect appearance.
2110	Young Hercules	Young Hercules	Action	none	"In an age of light and darkness Zeus, King of the Gods, rules the universe. He had a son, young Hercules. Half-god, half-man, young Hercules longs to find his place in this world... the father he's never known, and what it means to be a hero. Before the man became legend... before the legend became myth... came the greatest adventure of all... young Hercules."
2111	Mysterious Ways	Mysterious Ways	Drama	8.0	Anthropology professor Declan Dunn was once buried by an avalanche, but he somehow got out alive. Now he searches for the reasons behind miraculous phenomena. He gets help from his friends: Dr. Peggy Fowler, a psychiatrist at a nearby hospital, and Miranda Feigelsteen, a physics graduate student and Dunn's research assistant.
2113	Jessica Simpson's The Price of Beauty	Jessica Simpson's The Price of Beauty	Family	none	Jessica Simpson is embarking on a world tour...but this time it has nothing to do with music. Jessica, along with her two best friends, Ken Paves and CaCee Cobb, are traveling the globe to explore how different cultures define beauty and the extraordinary lengths that women will go to in order to achieve it. Journeying from Tokyo and Thailand, to Paris and Rio, to Uganda, Morocco and India -- the cast is met in each city by a "beauty ambassador" who helps them tackle topics revolving around fashion, fitness, diet and outlandish spa treatments. In each country, Jessica, Ken and CaCee experience firsthand some of the local beauty rituals, from drinking cow urine in India, to being buried up to their necks in Tokyo, to drinking gourds of ghee in a fattening hut in Uganda. But it's not all fun and games -- Jessica also explores the high price that some women pay to feel beautiful. Imagine the plight of women in Northern Thailand, who wear 20-pound rings around their necks, crushing their clavicles, to a mother in Rio who cannot afford electricity, but is secretly saving for butt implants. Each episode ends in a complete transformation of the cast. Imagine Jessica, Ken and CaCee dressed in ornate kaftans, or camel-back riding to a festive Moroccan party complete with belly dancers and live musicians. As Jessica learns how beauty is defined across the globe, and how she "measures up," and her own definition of the word, she is challenged to redefine it along the way, allowing the audience to see a personal, vulnerable and oftentimes hilarious side of Jessica Simpson. Each episode culminates in a complete transformation of the cast -- Imagine Jessica, Ken and CaCee dressed in ornate kaftans, riding camel-back to a festive Moroccan party, complete with belly dancers and live musicians. They talk to local women and dance the night away Moroccan style. As Jessica learns how beauty is defined in far away lands, her own sense of beauty, and how she "measures up" is challenged and redefined along the way, allowing the audience to see a personal, and often times, vulnerable and hilarious side of Jessica Simpson.
2113	Jessica Simpson's The Price of Beauty	Uganda	Family	none	Jessica, Ken, and Cacee adventure to Africa, where they explore the beauty of Uganda's exotic Hima tribe. With zebras, giraffes, and warthogs at every turn, the trio travels to a very remote location, where they meet Judy; an ambassador from the tribe that introduces them to the philosophy that "fat " is beautiful for women. The Hima tribe values their women as they value their cattle, "the fatter, the better". Jessica and Cacee meet an upcoming bride who has been preparing for her wedding in a "fattening hut" for over two months where she drinks milk and "ghee" until she becomes fat. Ken learns how to milk cows, while Jessica and Cacee feast. Back at camp, Jessica contends with a giant spider and creepy-crawlers that spook in the night. Jessica, Ken and Cacee are invited to participate in the tribal wedding and celebrate a truly unconventional concept of beauty.
2114	Quantico	Quantico	Crime	8.0	A diverse group of recruits has arrived at the FBI Quantico Base for training. They are the best, the brightest and the most vetted, so it seems impossible that one of them is suspected of masterminding the biggest attack on New York City since 9/11.
2114	Quantico	Run	Crime	8.0	A diverse group of recruits has arrived at the FBI Quantico Base for training. They are the best, the brightest and the most vetted, so it seems impossible that one of them is suspected of masterminding the biggest attack on New York City since 9/11.
2114	Quantico	America	Crime	8.0	Alex is on the run and must outsmart Liam and his team to get into her apartment for anything that could help clear her name. Meanwhile, in a flashback to Quantico training, the NATS are tasked with finding a needle in a haystack while looking for potential threats to national security.
2117	1st Amendment Stand Up	1st Amendment Stand Up	Comedy	none	"Martin Lawrence Presents 1st Amendment Stand-up" returns for a fifth season with a new host, comedian Sheryl Underwood, and a fresh line-up of rising and seasoned comedy stars. The show, which is Starz' longest running original series, is scheduled to premiere in October. Performances for the fifth season will be taped May 13-16 before a live audience at The Chicago Theatre. Underwood will step in for original host Doug Williams, who will continue to serve as executive producer of the show.
2118	Blood & Oil	Blood & Oil	Drama	3.0	"Blood & Oil" (formerly Boom) is about a young couple that moves to a contemporary boomtown in North Dakota in pursuit of the American dream and are seduced by the sudden wealth of frontier life.
2118	Blood & Oil	Pilot	Drama	3.0	Billy and Cody Lefever move to North Dakota hoping to cash in on the largest oil discovery in American history; Cody becomes uncertain about her husband's choices when Billy crosses paths with a powerful oil baron named Hap Briggs.
2118	Blood & Oil	The Ripple Effect	Drama	3.0	Suspicions abound following the robbery; Wick scrambles to hide his involvement in the crime that nearly killed his father; Hap's daughter arrives, which sparks a rivalry with his wife.
2118	Blood & Oil	Hustle and Flow	Drama	3.0	Hap invites Wick to participate in a new venture; tensions are raised when Billy tries to get on board as well; a robbery suspect is arrested; Jules and Hap rekindle their relationship.
2119	Adam-12	Adam-12	Drama	9.0	Race through the streets of Los Angeles with Adam-12, the series that defined the police drama genre. Still mourning the death of his former partner, Officer Pete Malloy (Martin Milner) is teamed with rookie Officer Jim Reed (Kent McCord) and together they serve and protect the City of Angels as "Adam-12", their unit's radio call number. Watch a these brothers in blue struggle to manage the job's demands and frustrations, as they battle drug dealers, intervene in domestic disputes and pursue suspects in high-speed chases.
2120	American Bandstand	American Bandstand	Music	none	American Bandstand is an American music-performance show that aired in various versions from 1952 to 1989[1] and was hosted from 1956 until its final season by Dick Clark, who also served as producer. The show featured teenagers dancing to Top 40 music introduced by Clark; at least one popular musical act—over the decades, running the gamut from Jerry Lee Lewis to Run DMC—would usually appear in person to lip-sync one of their latest singles. Freddy "Boom Boom" Cannon holds the record for most appearances at 110.The show's popularity helped Dick Clark become an American media mogul and inspired similar long-running music programs, such as Soul Train and Top of the Pops. Clark eventually assumed ownership of the program through hisDick Clark Productions company.
2121	Dennis the Menace	Dennis the Menace	Comedy	10.0	The comic misadventures of television's most well-meaning but misguided boy are back! The lovable Dennis Mitchell (Jay North) left a trail of chaos throughout his suburban neighborhood. Yet along with his friends and classmates Tommy (Billy Booth) and Margaret (Jeannie Russell), Dennis managed to pry his way into the hearts of millions from week to week. Based on the long-running comic strip by Hank Ketcham, this beloved CBS television series (1959 1963) stayed true to form, as Dennis's youthful curiosity always managed to get him into heaps of trouble . . . especially with his crotchety old neighbor Mr. Wilson (Joseph Kearns). Herbert Anderson and Gloria Henry starred as Dennis's parents who were always on hand with love and guidance but not necessarily the required supervision.
2124	Green Acres	Green Acres	Comedy	6.5	New York lawyer Oliver Wendell Douglas longs for a simpler way of life. So he buys a farm, sight unseen, and moves there to live off the land, much to the chagrin of his socialite wife, Lisa. The collision of small-town life and Lisa's sophisticated ways -- she insists on wearing full-length gowns and ostentatious jewelry, even on the farm -- provide much of the humor in the show.
2125	Highway Patrol	Highway Patrol	Drama	8.0	Packed with fast motorcycles, powerful patrol cars, helicopters and two-way radios, "Highway Patrol" screamed onto the scene destined to be one of the most popular syndicated television series of all time. This action packed show filled with harrowing roadway adventures sped its way from the TV screen into pop culture with the catch phrase "10-4".
2127	I Spy	I Spy	Adventure	7.0	Bill Cosby and Robert Culp star as two of the hippest secret agents in television history in I-Spy. Travelling to exotic locales while posing as a tennis pro and his trainer, intelligence operatives Kelly Robinson (Culp) and Alexander Scott (Cosby) take on the espionage community with both grit and lighthearted banter.
2128	Leave it to Beaver	Leave it to Beaver	Comedy	none	Inspired by the real life experiences of creators Joe Connelly and Bob Moshers own children, Leave It To Beaver follows the hilarious everyday adventures of young Theodore 'Beaver' Cleaver and his older brother Wally. Whether at home, at school or playing around their suburban neighborhood, Beaver always manages to get himself into some kind of trouble, comically learning each valuable lesson life has to offer along the way. Alongside baseball and apple pie, Leave It To Beaver reigns supreme in the pantheon of Americana. Boasting 234 episodes, spanning six iconic seasons from 1957 63, no other series on television better exemplifies the purity of childhood and importance of family in America.
2130	The Untouchables	The Untouchables	Drama	8.0	"The Untouchables" chronicles the campaign of Eliot Ness (Robert Stack), the young U.S. Prohibition Bureau agent determined to smash the beer and booze empire of Al Capone in 1920s Chicago.
2131	Major Dad	Major Dad	Comedy	5.0	Created by Richard C. Okie and John G. Stephens, "Major Dad" is a family-friendly sitcom centered on a straitlaced Marine, his wife and stepdaughters, and his fellow Marines.
2132	The Man From U.N.C.L.E.	The Man From U.N.C.L.E.	Action	10.0	In what ended up as a spoof on the spy genre, Robert Vaughn and David McCallum star as a team of secret agents battling the global crime organization THRUSH. Under the aegis of the United Network Command for Law and Enforcement (U.N.C.L.E.), the dapper, suave Napoleon Solo (Vaughn) and the equally dashing Illya Kuryakin (McCallum) jet to exotic locations, defending the world from evil, chaos, and bad taste. The premise of most episodes revolved around the involvement of an "innocent": a non-spy caught up in the conflict between U.N.C.L.E. and their rival organization, Thrush.Premiering in 1964, this successful series also starred Leo G. Carroll as Alexander Waverly and featured guest stars such as William Shatner and Leonard Nimoy (of Star Trek fame), Kurt Russell as a young stowaway marked for murder, Ricardo Montalban and longtime comedy favorite Ken Murray. From trying to save the world from fear gas to trying to save themselves from a pack of bloodthirsty cheetahs, this spoof brings the spy game to life with vigor and vibrancy.
2132	The Man From U.N.C.L.E.	The Foreign Legion Affair	Action	10.0	To duck Thrush agents, Illya parachutes out of a plane with a beautiful stewardess.They find themselves trapped at an abandoned Foreign Legion outpost by a lone soldier who believes that he is still on duty.
2132	The Man From U.N.C.L.E.	The Moonglow Affair	Action	10.0	With Napoleon and Illya unavailable, Mr.Waverly turns to agents April Dancer and Mark Slate.
2132	The Man From U.N.C.L.E.	The Nowhere Affair	Action	10.0	Thrush agents try to get the truth from Napoleon using a seductive female agent when he takes an amnesia capsule to avoid giving away vital information.
2132	The Man From U.N.C.L.E.	The King of Diamonds Affair	Action	10.0	An Italian mobster engineers an ingenious diamond smuggling operation... from inside the prison where he's confined.
2132	The Man From U.N.C.L.E.	The Project Deephole Affair	Action	10.0	Thrush kidnaps a salesman, thinking that he's a geologist who has created an earthquake machine, and Napoleon and Illya play along to get the upper hand.
2132	The Man From U.N.C.L.E.	The Round Table Affair	Action	10.0	U.N.C.L.E. ends up involved with foreign affairs when the Mob takes over a small European country. Napoleon and Illya must bring back Princess Vicky to remove the mobsters, but her brother is too far in debt to protect her.
2132	The Man From U.N.C.L.E.	The Bat Cave Affair	Action	10.0	When Illya is captured by a Thrush agent who plans to use bats to disrupt worldwide air traffic, Napoleon turns to a clairvoyant to contact his partner.
2134	Petticoat Junction	Petticoat Junction	Comedy	5.0	The small farming community of Hooterville provided the setting for this highly successful rural situation comedy. Kate Bradley was the widowed owner of the only transient housing in town, the Shady Rest Hotel. Helping her run the hotel were her three beautiful daughters, Billie Jo, Bobbie Jo, and Betty Jo. Also assisting was the girls' lazy Uncle Joe, who had assumed the title of manager. In addition to her involvement with the hotel, the romantic lives of her daughters, and her association with the townspeople, Kate was constantly at odds with Homer Bedlow, vice-president of the C.F. & W. Railroad. Homer was determined to close down the steam-driven branch of the railroad that ran through Hooterville, scrap its lone engine (the Cannonball), and put its two engineers (Charlie Pratt and Floyd Smoot) out of jobs.
2136	Sky King	Sky King	Action	8.0	"Sky King" was a WWII naval aviator-turned rancher, who flies his twin-engine Cessna high above the Arizona plains. Accompanying Sky on his adventures are his nephew, Clipper and his teen niece, Penny. Starring Kirby Grant and Gloria Winters.
2137	Soap	Soap	Comedy	none	The controversial sitcom that defined the late '70s and became an instant classic, SOAP took viewers into the homes of not one but two of the most dysfunctional families ever - and we couldn't help but embrace every eccentric one of them!
2139	The Beverly Hillbillies	The Beverly Hillbillies	Comedy	7.5	An instant hit, the rural comedy was the ultimate fish-out-of-water story. The Clampett family strikes it rich in oil and move from their mountain cabin in the Ozark Mountains to the upscale neighborhood of Beverly Hills. Each hilarious episode revolves around the culture clash between the "uncivilized" Clampetts and the "civilized" culture of their elitist neighbors.
2140	The Bionic Woman	The Bionic Woman	Action	7.3	She can run faster than 60 mph, bend massive steel bars, jump from insane heights, and hear sounds you can only imagine. She's no ordinary schoolteacher…she's The Bionic Woman. Relive the excitement of this iconic TV series starring Primetime Emmy® Award winner* Lindsay Wagner as Jaime Sommers, a woman leading the ultimate double life. After her unforgettable appearances on The Six Million Dollar Man as Colonel Steve Austin's (Lee Majors) true love, Jaime's story begins anew in these entertaining Season 1 episodes as she learns to deal with her new bionic abilities, becomes a top-secret agent for the Office of Scientific investigations, and deals with her changed relationship with Steve.
2141	The Cisco Kid	The Cisco Kid	Western	10.0	The Cisco Kid was one of the first television programs to feature Hispanic actors as the lead characters, and it was the first show ever to be produced in color even though most TV sets in 1950 could only display black and white film. But it was the program s perfect mix of humor and adventure that kept audiences tuning in for years, and that earned the series a Primetime Emmy Award!
2142	The Ellen DeGeneres Show	The Ellen DeGeneres Show	Family	none	"The Ellen DeGeneres Show" is an hour-long, five-days-a-week, talk-variety show. Find Ellen's monologue, celebrity photos and videos, games, giveaways, how to get The Ellen DeGeneres Show is an hour-long, five-days-a-week, talk-variety show. Find Ellen's monologue, celebrity photos and videos, games, giveaways, how to get Show Clip James Bay Performs ‘Hold Back the River' James Bay Performs ‘Hold Back the River' An Ellen favorite, James Bay performed this stunning song on her show.Ellen's audience brought some very interesting studio photos that they wanted to share — with the whole world. See more bad paid-for photos here, and if Anthony Martinez didn't have a date for the prom. What his straight friend Jacob Lescenski did about that surprised everyone. Ellen knew she had to hear While President Barack Obama cleared his schedule to read mean tweets on Jimmy Kimmel Live!, his wife and First Lady of the United States, Michelle Obama, made an Latest The Ellen DeGeneres Show review: I've always been fan of Ellen and Oprah.. But Oprah on the show re. Selma Al and Oprahs version of With Ellen DeGeneres, Jim Gaffigan, Emily Rutherfurd, Martin Mull. Ellen Richmond decides to trade the stresses of her fast-track, big-city lifestyle for the slower Long Island. Jets promposal lands Levittown students on ‘The Ellen Show' Updated June 8, 2015 7:19 AM By TARA CONRY tara Ellentube is the video destination for Ellen. Find the best and exclusive show content, user submitted videos, celebrity interviews, games, giveaways, and more.
2143	The Flintstones	The Flintstones	Comedy	8.6	Join the fun in the town of Bedrock with the this fabulously famous modern Stone-Age family.Mowing the lawn with a saw-toothed dinosaur, showering with water sprayed from a woolly mammoth's trunk and eating brontosaurus burgers are everyday events for the lovable Fred and Wilma Flintstone and their friends Barney and Betty Rubble. Living in prehistoric times has its drawbacks, but the Flintstones and their neighbors survive in style.So have a yabba-dabba-doo time with the The Flintstones.
2144	The Invaders	The Invaders	Science-Fiction	6.0	David Vincent (Roy Thinnes) knows that The Invaders, alien beings from a dying planet, have arrived to take over the Earth! To make matters worse, the aliens know who he is, and most of the time where he is. Somehow he must convince a disbelieving world that the nightmare has already begun.
2146	The Lone Ranger	The Lone Ranger	Action	none	The West becomes wild when a greedy rancher stirs up trouble with a local Native American tribe. As the threat of war grows, it's up to the Masked Man and his faithful companion, Tonto, to keep the peace.
2147	The Outer Limits	The Outer Limits	Science-Fiction	9.7	"There is nothing wrong with your television set. Do not attempt to adjust the picture. We are controlling transmission", The Outer Limits pushed the boundaries of television and viewers minds by introducing a new caliber of science fiction.
2147	The Outer Limits	Nightmare	Science-Fiction	9.7	In the war between the planets Ebon and Earth, the Ebonites capture several enemy prisoners and put them through a series of grotesque tortures to determine what they know.
2147	The Outer Limits	The Zanti Misfits	Science-Fiction	9.7	Alien beings, the Zanti, send their criminals to Earth because they are morally opposed to killing them. They instruct the U.S.military not to approach the Zanti spacecraft... but a man and woman break through the cordon, risking the destruction of Earth.
2147	The Outer Limits	Fun and Games	Science-Fiction	9.7	A crook and a divorced wife are abducted from Earth to participate in a battle of life and death against two aliens. The stakes: the winners' planet will be spared while the other is destroyed as entertainment for the aliens responsible for the game.
2147	The Outer Limits	Demon With A Glass Hand	Science-Fiction	9.7	A man named Trent travels from future Earth to the present via a time mirror. Aliens who have invaded Earth come after him, seeking the secrets of Trent's glass hand,,,which will reveal where Earth's population has disappeared.
2148	The Rat Patrol	The Rat Patrol	Drama	8.0	Blazing across the North African deserts, it¹s THE RAT PATROL, an elite Allied commando team whose mission is to attack, harass and wreak havoc on Field Marshal Rommel¹s vaunted Afrika Korps. Join four-man army Sgt. Sam Troy (Christopher George), Sgt. Jack Moffitt (Gary Raymond), Pvt. Mark Hitchcock (Lawrence Casey) and Pvt. Tully Pettigrew (Justin Tarr) as they wage war against Nazis, traitors and wild-eyed fanatics.
2149	The Roy Rogers Show	The Roy Rogers Show	Adventure	8.5	After dozens of cowboy films stretching back to the 1930s, Roy Rogers finally came to the small screen for this long-running hit TV series. He of course was joined by his longtime love and costar, the sparklingly beautiful Dale Evans.
2149	The Roy Rogers Show	The Minister's Son	Adventure	8.5	A group of counterfeiters arrive in Mineral City and start flooding the businesses with fake money. As a result, a treasury agent arrives in town, posing as the local minister's son and asks for Roy and Dale's help in bringing them to justice.
2149	The Roy Rogers Show	Hunting for Trouble	Adventure	8.5	Roy, his friends, and a pair of children Pat are babysittingare taken hostage by the Wolf gang. When one of the kids comes down with themumps, all of them are forced to be quarantined together for 24 hours to see ofany symptoms appear in the adults.
2149	The Roy Rogers Show	The Mayor of Ghost Town	Adventure	8.5	A young woman from Connecticut arrived at Dale's café lookingfor her father. When Roy, Dale, and Pat take her to her father in a nearbyghost town called Red Dog, they soon learn that claim jumpers are trying toscare him out of town in order to reap the benefits of a railroad wanting tocome through the town.
2149	The Roy Rogers Show	Blind Justice	Adventure	8.5	Roy, Dale, and Pat come across an old prospector who wasattacked and blinded by a pair of outlaws. When they learn that the outlawsstole some ore samples that the prospector recently found in a nearby mine, Royoffers the old man the use of his dog Bullet to help find more ore in the mine.Through the course of their investigation, they discover that a friend is oneof the outlaws, out to kill the old prospector and anyone else who gets intheir way of collecting on a big strike.
2149	The Roy Rogers Show	The Silver Fox Hunt	Adventure	8.5	After having a conversation with the chief of the AcunaIndian tribe about his suspicion of someone stealing from a mine on theirreservation, Roy finds the chief murdered and several samples silver ore fromthe mine gone. Calling upon Dale, Pat, and the sheriff to help him investigate,they soon discover that the prime suspect is the owner of a local trading post.
2149	The Roy Rogers Show	Little Dynamite	Adventure	8.5	A group of outlaws stages a hold up at city hall for the taxmoney that's in the safe. When they make a break for it, only to discover theyget into the wrong wagon and have an extra passenger in the form of a baby.When Dale, Roy, Pat, and the sheriff discover the mistake that was made, theyfrantically try to track them down to save the baby.
2149	The Roy Rogers Show	Ambush	Adventure	8.5	When a pair of gunmen attack a young friend of Roy's, Roy, Dale, and Pat set out to investigate the reason behind the attack. They soon discover that the reason why has to do with a bonanza that Tom discovered in a nearby mine.
2149	The Roy Rogers Show	Head for Cover	Adventure	8.5	An elderly couple help Roy and Dale capture a trio of thieves after they commandeer the couple's hotel.
2150	Where The Action Is	Where The Action Is	Family	none	Where the Action Is or (WTAI) was a music-based television variety show in the United States from 1965–67. It was carried by the ABC network and aired each weekday afternoon. Created by Dick Clark as a spin-off of American Bandstand, Where the Action Is premiered on June 27, 1965.Originally intended as a summer replacement and broadcast at 2 P.M. EDT, the show was successful enough for it to continue throughout the 1965-66 TV season, with a change in time period to 4:30 P.M. Eastern time following the horror soap opera Dark Shadows. Both programs attracted a young audience who watch the shows after school.The show's theme song, "Action", became a hit single for Freddy "Boom Boom" Cannon, peaking on the charts (#13) in September 1965. Most of the telecasts, all of which were produced in black-and-white, were taped at various locales inSouthern California although a handful of segments were taped elsewhere in the country. The theme song was written by Steve Venet and Tommy Boyce. Later Boyce co-wrote songs for The Monkees.The program had its own stable of performers, most notably Paul Revere & the Raiders, who served as the de factohouse band. When the group departed the show in 1966, they were replaced by The Robbs. Other regular performers on Action included the dance troupe Pete Manifee and the Action Kids. Individual episodes featured a wide range of guest performers, as detailed below.Also appearing were Steve Alaimo, Keith Allison, and Linda Scott. Ms. Scott had a few hit singles as a teenager in the early 1960s; she was only 20 when "Action" premiered.The weekday program was cancelled on March 31, 1967, with the network giving its local affiliates the time slot. However, members of the program's mainstay band Paul Revere and the Raiders (with lead vocalist Mark Lindsay) hosted very similar follow-up shows; both Revere and Lindsay hosted Happening '68, a Saturday afternoon follow-up toAmerican Bandstand, and a weekday version of the same show, It's Happening, from 1968 to 1969. Both shows were produced by Dick Clark's production company for ABC.
2151	The Incredible Hulk	The Incredible Hulk	Action	7.5	David Banner is a research scientist trying to find a way to tap into the hidden strength that all humans possess. Then, one night in his labratory, an experiment went wrong, causing him to be overexposed to gamma radiation. Now, whenever angered or distressed, the mild-mannered scientist finds himself transforming into a powerful seven-foot green creature known as The Incredible Hulk. The Hulk is guided by David's personality, dealing with whatever distresses David. But unfortunately, David has no control over the creature's actions. Nor can he remember what he had done during his Hulkish states. He travels around the country in search of a cure, while taking various odd jobs under different aliases.
2151	The Incredible Hulk	The Incredible Hulk	Action	7.5	An accidental overdose of gamma radiation creates a mutation in David Banner's DNA, and, whenever he becomes angry, it causes him to metamorphose into a seven foot, 338-pound, green hulking creature. A reporter, Jack McGee, begins investigating claims of a giant monster; his investigation leads to Banner's laboratory. An explosion in the lab kills friend Elaina Marks; McGee, who dubs the creature "the Hulk", believes the Hulk killed David too. Unable to explain the truth, nor control his transformations, David leaves to try and find a cure for himself.
2151	The Incredible Hulk	Death in the Family	Action	7.5	With the world believing him to be dead, David Banner is on the run, trying to find a way to be cured of his transformations into the Hulk. Meanwhile, David lands a job at a ranch, where he befriends a young heiress. He notices that the woman is being given a questionable drug by her physician. He then overhears a plot to kill her so that her stepmother could gain an inheritance; he also learns that the recent death of the young woman's father was no accident. Now, David must get the heiress to safety before it is too late.
2151	The Incredible Hulk	The Final Round	Action	7.5	After a boxer named Rocky rescues David from muggers, Rocky gets David a job at his gym. David tries to help Rocky when he discovers that their boss is a drug dealer and using the unknowing Rocky to deliver the goods.
2151	The Incredible Hulk	The Beast Within	Action	7.5	While working at a zoo, David finds a female scientist doing genetic research, which could help him stop his unwanted transformations into the Hulk.
2151	The Incredible Hulk	Of Guilt, Models, and Murder	Action	7.5	After a transformation as the Hulk, David awakens in a room with a dead model and fears he may have killed her.
2151	The Incredible Hulk	Terror in Times Square	Action	7.5	David discovers a murder plot while working in a Time Square arcade, where the owner is being extorted to pay for protection.
2151	The Incredible Hulk	747	Action	7.5	David boards a flight to visit another doctor whom he thinks has information that might help him with his problem. But, when the pilot and stewardess drugs the rest of the crew in an attempt to bail out of the airplane with stolen property, David and a young boy named Kevin try to land the jetliner.
2151	The Incredible Hulk	The Hulk Breaks Las Vegas	Action	7.5	While working in a casino, David helps a Las Vegas reporter with a gambling scandal, only to discover that the reporter is Jack McGee's partner.
2151	The Incredible Hulk	Never Give a Trucker an Even Break	Action	7.5	While hitchhiking, David gets picked up by a woman truckdriver. When she shares with him her intent to get her father's tanker truckback from the highwaymen who stole it, he tries to talk her out of followingthrough with her plan. When that doesn't work, he takes it upon himself to helpher out.
2151	The Incredible Hulk	Life and Death	Action	7.5	On his way to volunteer for a questionable and possiblydangerous experiment that could help him get rid of the Hulk, David crossespaths with a young, pregnant woman. They soon find their lives in danger whenthe doctor in charge of the experiment runs an illegal baby selling operationand set out to kill David and the girl in order to keep the business underwraps.
2151	The Incredible Hulk	Earthquakes Happen	Action	7.5	Looking to gain access to some sophisticated gamma radiationequipment at a nuclear power plant in California, David forges some paperworkto pass himself off as a nuclear plant inspector. However, while he's there, anearthquake happens and causes so much damage that only David – in the form ofthe Hulk – will be able to fix.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Ice Pilots NWT	Action	none	What's it about: This documentary series follows the pilots of the Yellowknife-based Buffalo Airways, which still flies Second World War airplanes to transport people around the north. Reminds us of: Ice Road Truckers in the air. The buzz: Since History Television is using words like "ice pilots," blizzards" and "frozen lakes," I'm going to go out on a limb and say this will be like Ice Road Truckers, but with airplanes. Does that mean I won't watch? Are you kidding?? I'll be glued to the set. The chance to see pilots dealing with crappy weather, loopy passengers and potentially dangerous cargo – all being shipped around in planes made in the 1940s – is a recipe for disaster. And great TV.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Buffalo Air	Action	none	Rookie co-pilot Scott faces his worst nightmare when a faltering Curtiss C-46 Commando engine and low fog force a scary landing. Ambitious young flyer Alex must prove himself when Buffalo's chief pilot gives him control of the 20-ton Douglas DC-4 for the very first time. And boss' son Mikey gets in hot water when "Buffalo" Joe needs the backup Douglas DC-3 – and it's nowhere near ready.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Pre-Christmas Rush	Action	none	Christmas is just around the corner, but Buffalo's crucial food and mail runs come to a halt. An engine seizure strands Scott, AJ and the C-46 plane, creating a chaotic chain reaction. Crusty mechanic Chuck must attempt a bare-handed engine swap in minus 30, and pressure from customers and co-workers pushes cargo manager Kelly to the breaking point.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Birthday From Hell	Action	none	A string of bad luck turns chief pilot Arnie's 66th birthday run into the flight from hell – and threatens to spoil his naughty birthday surprise. Ramp hand Jeremy is desperate to move up the ranks, but a female newbie could throw a wrench in his plans. And after the crew works all night to turn the DC-4 into a flying gas tanker, new co-pilot Alex flies a tricky fuel haul.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	A Big Deal	Action	none	When a power failure leaves Rankin Inlet exposed to the brutal northern elements, captain Justin races to deliver an emergency generator. Ramp hand Jeremy tries to move ahead of co-worker Audrey by training a new hire from India to replace him. And when the recession nips at Joe's heels, he tries to broker a $7-million deal that could save Buffalo's hide.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	40/40/40	Action	none	Mechanic Cory races against the clock to turn two short-haul waterbombers into trans-Atlantic aircraft for the epic journey to Turkey. It's up to engineer Adam to get the C-46 crew out of a jam on a remote airstrip in minus 40. And when captain Devan and co-pilot Scott encounter the menace of wind shear at notorious Bear Rock, it's a hair-raising experience that tests their friendship.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	On the Move	Action	none	A charter flight falls through the cracks after the McBryans attend a wild family wedding, and an irate Joe pulls captain Justin from the Turkey test flights to do the job. Justin's task is to move an impatient Brit, his dog and all his worldly possessions to a remote northern outpost, but the weather isn't cooperating. Meanwhile, Devan ponders a job offer in Africa - leaving girlfriend Jynelle to ponder their future.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Suspension	Action	none	A furious Joe fights against a federal suspension that will prevent him from carrying passengers for the first time in 20 years. It's also a setback for Jeremy and the other rampies, which takes a turn for the worse with an unexpected injury. For the Turkey waterbomber team it's finally a go. Arnie, Justin and the crew set off on the first leg of their journey, a risky trip across Canada in the dead of winter, with no de-icing equipment.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Cause for Celebration	Action	none	AJ and Candace get married in the Ice Castle. A frustrated Chuck tries to get the Electra to pay her way. A flummoxed Mikey tries to bake a cake for Joe's birthday. And in Newfoundland, a fuel leak, a sobering survival course and a tragic crash rattle the Turkey crew. When raging winds provide the long-awaited weather window, will they chance on the treacherous North Atlantic crossing?
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Transatlantic Crossing	Action	none	The Turkey crew makes the critical jump over the North Atlantic. But en route to Portugal, one crew is forced to turn back. With no power on one engine and no way to maintain altitude, they must get back into Santa Maria, where the airport is on full emergency alert. And Mikey and Scott search for a new rampie, while Jeremy's hopes plummet even further.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Thin Ice	Action	none	Joe gets a lucrative late-season contract to fly mining equipment to an airstrip on a frozen lake, sending C-46 and DC-4 crews on a race against the spring melt. But conflict erupts between Devan and a senior pilot. And when the client reports an on-site incident, Joe goes on the warpath. Though Jeremy has missed a number of flight attendant classes, he's confident he can catch up to fellow rampies Audrey and Wilf. But too much confidence just may be a dangerous thing. And over the North Atlantic, Arnie, Justin and Cory press on to Turkey, even though they have only half of the spare parts in their plane. But there are some serious volcanoes and busy Mediterranean air traffic ahead.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	The Crash	Action	none	Across the world in spectacular Izmir, after thousands of hours of painstaking preparation and life-risking flying, a terrible accident devastates the Turkey crew - and everyone at Buffalo Airways. In Yellowknife, the spring melt is well underway, and northerners are finding ways to celebrate, from checking out the melting waterfalls to racing jet boats onto the remaining river ice. It's also Wilf's first run as flight attendant on the DC-3 - for which he insists on wearing a shirt and tie to the consternation of the entire company. It's the final push Jeremy needs to move to HQ in Yellowknife. Kelly and Jynelle dig up a house-warming surprise that practically brings tears to the gruff rampie's eyes. But has the move come too late to do him any good?
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Change of Seasons	Action	none	Cargo manager (and unofficial Buffalo den mother) Kelly has problems enough when Jynelle's holiday leaves her shorthanded. But when her engineer husband Juan quits on the spot after a blowout with Joe, Kelly is left in a terrible position. Will Kelly stay - or will she go? Scott also gets bad news: he must stand down from flying so a rival co-pilot can be fast-tracked to captain. Scott pulls out all the stops to secure a new contract flying practically to the North Pole, which will get him back in the pilot's seat. But his rival is also interested in this new dream job - flying the C-46 to Eureka, a tiny research station at the top of the world. And after nine months of brutal work and tough luck, Jeremy sees light at the end of the tunnel. Buffalo needs a new DC-3 co-pilot, and contrary to expectation, he's getting a crack at it. But first, he's got to pass the test of flying with Joe.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Up in the Air	Action	none	After her husband's acrimonious departure from Buffalo, Kelly has a confrontation that decides whether she, too, will quit. Jeremy makes a mistake that could end his Buffalo career. An aviation gas shortage brings a sobering dose of reality to the McBryans. And after a visit from his mom, fate throws Scott an unexpected curve ball. When the dust settles, someone will be leaving Buffalo Airways.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Frozen Four	Action	none	Joe fights the feds while Justin and his crew are stranded in the High Arctic. With the plane frozen solid and a -40 cold snap on the way, can the crew stave off disaster?
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Fire and Ice	Action	none	When a deadly fire destroys a northern outpost a week before Christmas, Kelly puts aside her personal dilemmas to rally Buffalo to the rescue. Scott and AJ face an onboard alarm.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Under Pressure	Action	none	Roommate pilots Devan and Scott experience a mysterious rise in oil pressure that could destroy one of the C-46's engines. Rookies Andrew and Graeme face the test they've been training for – the chance to get "checked out" as DC-3 co-pilots.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	The Right Stuff	Action	none	Mikey goes on a Venezuelan treasure hunt for a rare CL-215 waterbomber, and new pilots Andrew and Graeme face their toughest test yet - flying with irascible boss Joe McBryan.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	The River Lift	Action	none	Buffalo launches an all-out campaign to airlift 100,000lbs of essential goods to cut-off northern communities, Justin helps a Mountie move and expectant parents Rod and Sasha show off their 3D ultrasound.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Don't Muck with Chuck	Action	none	Crusty mechanic Chuck scrambles to ready the Electra for a mission to the High Arctic, and former rampie Audrey returns to Buffalo and reignites the battle of the sexes.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	The Finish Line	Action	none	A multi-stop mission to the Far North pits Devan, Scott and Adam in an ongoing battle for fuel and oil as they circuit their destinations. Audrey goes on a northern adventure escorting a team of dog mushers to the 2010 Arctic Winter Games.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Ski Plane	Action	none	Young pilots AJ and Andrew get the chance of a lifetime to fly the DC-3 mounted on snow skis, and tension mounts across the company as Buffalo's Mackenzie Valley food mail delivery contract is up for renewal.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Buffalo Scores	Action	none	Buffalo flies the Stanley Cup on a tour of the North, and a licence suspension has Joe looking for a captain to replace him on the passenger run he's flown for almost 30 years.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Special Delivery	Action	none	Chief pilot Arnie lands the DC-3 on a homemade sand strip at a remote lodge. Electra expert Chuck faces off with a stubborn power unit, and Rod's wife Sasha goes into labour.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Yukon	Action	none	When thunderstorms and a shaky engine threaten a charter to Whitehorse, Joe pulls out all the stops to get the passengers to their destination, while baby Emma Rae McBryan visits the hangar for the first time.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	British Invasion	Action	none	A potential Electra plane purchase in Coventry, England has Joe showing Mikey the ropes of international business. New dad Rod misses his daughter while away on a job.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Arnie Calls It	Action	none	While training pilots for the upcoming fire season, chief pilot Arnie makes an unexpected announcement. Joe and the whole McBryan family head to the Super Bowl of aviation - AirVenture Air Show in Oshkosh, Wisconsin.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Under New Management	Action	none	Joe hires outsider Duane Hicks to help Buffalo navigate the future and coach Mikey. Gord and Sean's DC-3 delivery mission to the High Arctic goes awry when blizzard conditions and a broken oil cooler force an emergency landing.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Dambusters	Action	none	Buffalo gets into the stunt flying business when veteran pilot Arnie flies the DC-4 for the re-enactment scene of a famous WWII bombing raid. A routine C-46 flight becomes dangerous when a hole in the plane's aging exhaust system sets off the fire alarm, and Devan has to decide whether or not to shut down an engine mid-flight.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Chuck Walks	Action	none	Critical of the many stops and starts in the Electra program, and frustrated with the constant drama at Buffalo, Chuck quits. Joe clashes with the maintenance department when a series of delays puts the sale of an old Canso waterbomber in jeopardy. Mikey goes on an ATV hunting trip and Rod babysits his daughter, Emma Rae, while his wife Sasha goes to a wine gala in town.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Gear Up, Gear Down	Action	none	Frustrated with her lack of flying and stuck in a rut as a courier driver, Audrey decides her time at Buffalo is over. Devan, Ian and Jimmy deal with a hydraulic fluid leak in the C-46 on the valley run, which forces Jimmy to crawl into the "hell hole" and crank down the landing gear by hand.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Big Boost	Action	none	When a ferry breakdown causes a gasoline shortage in Yellowknife, new manager Duane begs Chuck to return and prepare the Electra for a fuel haul. Cory leads a clandestine rescue mission to retrieve an abandoned C-46 and Mikey escapes to Ottawa for a birthday joyride in a fighter jet.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Power Struggle	Action	none	Duane lands a huge contract for the Electra and puts enormous pressure on mechanic Adam to prep the plane without the help of his mentor Chuck. Kelly plans her Mexican wedding, but Jynelle's sudden resignation leaves her in the lurch. The power goes out in Yellowknife, spurring Joe into crisis mode.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Top of the World	Action	none	The Electra flies to Alert, the northernmost settlement on Earth, forcing Adam and new senior manager Duane to work things out. Hay River rampie Tyler is on the fast track to a co-pilot seat, but first has to prove his flying ability to Buffalo's new chief pilot, Justin.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Last Days	Action	none	Sparks fly when Joe discovers Gord has taken a job with a rival airline after completing expensive training on one of the Buffalo planes. Larry, a rookie rampie, makes a near fatal error while training on the C-46. A desperate search is launched for elusive C-46 parts.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Push Comes to Shove	Action	none	Trying to make his mark at Buffalo, Duane lands two more Electra contracts. But his over-zealous efforts result in a clash with the crew and with Joe, and a down-to-the-wire midnight departure to meet a deadline. Rookie DC-3 co-pilot Tyler discovers that landing the big plane takes practice.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	The Doghouse	Action	none	Duane's decision to leave the Electra crew unsupervised while he spends time at home jeopardizes the completion of a major contract, and could cost him his job. Young DC-3 co-pilot Graeme sees his chance to move up to a bigger plane disappear when he falls out of favour with Joe.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Ice Strip	Action	none	Mechanic Jimmy is sent to a northern mining camp to create an ice landing strip on a remote lake where AJ will have to land a DC-3 and the much bigger C-46. New co-pilot Tyler faces the ultimate test – flying the sked with Joe. And Mikey turns the Buffalo hangar into a playhouse for his niece's first birthday.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Expect the Unexpected	Action	none	Engine troubles on the C-46 during the valley run force Devan to shut down an engine. High winds wreak havoc for Devan and his crew on another C-46 mission to help clean up an oil spill in the Northwest Territories. Scott trains on a CL-215 waterbomber and visits his mentor Arnie, then joins the waterbombing crews when Buffalo is called in to fight a massive fire in Alberta.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Coming Home	Action	none	Rookie waterbomber pilot Scott gets his first taste of action when Buffalo responds to an emergency callout to fight fires in Alberta. Mikey and Rod think they hit the jackpot when they buy a million dollar firefighting plane on eBay at a bargain price. Joe marks his 50 years of flying by returning to the place he grew up in his historic Norseman. And Arnie shows up in Yellowknife to cheer on daughter Caitlin in a cancer fundraiser.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Dark Skies	Action	none	Joe performs stunt landings for a film crew; new employee Ryan tries to prove his worth in Hay River; a dental hygienist gets thrown into the hot seat.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Shut Down	Action	none	Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper visits Buffalo Airways; Joe clashes with inspectors; the Electra crew flies to Sachs Harbour for a meaty assignment.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	A Tale of Two Pilots	Action	none	Weighed down by the responsibility of training a new rampie, and struggling to get out of Joe's doghouse, DC3 co-pilot Tyler gets a once in a lifetime opportunity to stunt fly in his Cessna 180 for a visiting film crew. Meanwhile another Buffalo co-pilot, Andrew, is up for a job with Cathay Pacific Airlines. The last time a pilot left, Joe took it personally. How will he react to the news that Andrew might be leaving?
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Ice Jam	Action	none	After taking command of an intense airlift, and dealing with the ugliest Electra load he's ever seen, Scott takes a scary fall on the icy tarmac. City girl Christine moves to Yellowknife to give the unglamorous rampie life a shot, firebrand mechanic Chuck returns to the Buffalo hangar and immediately stirs the pot, while Joe helps out an old friend, "Ice Road Trucker" Alex Debogorski.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	A Very Buffalo Christmas	Action	none	A week before Christmas, Buffalo agrees to lend a hand to an RCMP initiative to fly toys to isolated communities in the north. But a series of problems with the Electra leave the company in a jam. An excess of holiday freight overwhelms cargo manager Kelly, and despite a visit from her buddy Arnie Schreder, recovering from his cancer treatment, her stress peaks after a clash with Joe.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Crash Landing	Action	none	Just months from retiring, Electra captain Ray Weber leads his crew on a multi trip mission that requires landing on a rough ice strip on a remote lake. The ice strip landing goes fine, but when the plane takes off from the strip, the right landing gear gets stuck in the wheel well. Ray and his crew try to get the wheel down but to no avail, and are forced to perform an emergency landing that they'll never forget.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	For Sale By Owner	Action	none	When South Korean buyers come to Buffalo to look at a water bomber, the pressure is on mechanic Cory to get the plane ready. But a landing gear emergency puts him and chief pilot Justin in serious danger. Rod and Mikey salivate over a fleet of P3 Orion water bombers up for auction at a California fire fighting conference.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Over Seas	Action	none	Buffalo has to get a CL-215 water bomber to buyers in Korea. So Justin and Cory fly the plane to Vancouver Harbour, where it will be hoisted onto a cargo ship sailing across the Pacific Ocean to its destination – a method of delivery no one has ever tried. Flight attendant David is fast-tracked to a seat next to Joe on the DC3 sked. But Joe's been on the warpath, and is known for being hard on rookie copilots.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Water Wings	Action	none	In South Korea, Cory and Justin meet the ship delivering Buffalo's water bomber plane to new buyers there. But the boys are frustrated by the buyers' poor planning. Tempers flare when they try to get the plane off the ship and delivered to its final destination. After taking part in a military paratrooper jump, Mikey brings in fashion model Kate Eaton to join his team for the Frostbite 45 snowshoe marathon.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Meltdown	Action	none	As spring arrives and Ray's retirement day approaches, Sean surprises everyone by leaving Buffalo for a job with the competition. So Buffalo brings in Electra pilot Brian Harrison to finish the contract. But as ice strip conditions deteriorate, each flight is riskier than the last. When Buffalo gets the news of former chief pilot Arnie Schreder's passing, Justin flies a DC3 to pick up Arnie's family in Kelowna and brings them back to Yellowknife for a special memorial remembering the aviation legend.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	North Atlantic Convoy	Action	none	Greenland's Narsarsuaq airport – known as one the world's most dangerous approaches – looms on the horizon as Cory and Justin begin a trans-global journey to deliver two CL-215 water bombers to Turkey. Christine pushes to become a DC3 co-pilot, but Joe throws a wrench into her plan. Mikey travels to Denmark, for the new Polarland attraction at the Legoland theme park, featuring exhibits inspired by Buffalo Airways, including Lego versions of Joe and Mikey.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Sunk	Action	none	Joe and Mikey hire a helicopter for a salvage mission to retrieve the rare tailpiece from a Lockheed 10A that crashed in the Yellowknife woods forty years ago. It's a personal quest for Joe; he flew that plane at the beginning of his career. Justin and Cory battle severe icing that threatens to send them plummeting into the frigid North Atlantic on the longest ocean leg of their CL-215 water bomber journey to Turkey.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Turkey or Bust	Action	none	Iron Maiden lead singer Bruce Dickinson flies Buffalo's planes, Mikey goes for a ride in a CF-18 fighter jet, and Justin and Cory complete their epic mission to Turkey
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Cold Start	Action	none	This season opens with a meltdown when the C-46 suffers a major gear collapse on the runway, sending the entire Buffalo crew scrambling. As the coldest winter in decades grips Yellowknife, every pilot and mechanic in the company faces the huge challenge of keeping the aging fleet in the air. Buffalo's livelihood falls heavily on Joe's Lockheed Electra until a freak accident threatens to ground the plane. Hearing of an Electra up for sale, Joe heads on an urgent mission across the Atlantic. As the record-cold winter stretches on, a young hotshot pilot journeys all the way from Australia to earn a place in Buffalo's DC-3. And a longtime member of the Buffalo family leaves for good.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Shootout	Action	none	Buffalo Airways is still reeling from the recent accident – especially mechanic Chuck. Mikey tries to lift spirits by setting up a hockey shootout against a squad of NHL players that the airline is transporting around the north. He drafts a team and Buffalo's best players – including Chuck – test their shots against Ottawa goalie Craig Anderson. Young DC-3 co-pilot David flies farther north than he's ever been, facing a mysterious landing gear problem on approach to a remote Arctic airstrip. When his captain gets flustered, the rookie has to keep his cool.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Snowplane	Action	none	Joe preps for a race in an antique snowplane – a 1940s ancestor of the snowmobile, powered by an airplane engine and devoid of brakes. No one knows what will happen when he unleashes it on frozen Great Slave Lake. The water bomber crew, led by Justin and Cory, try to move their two fire-fighting planes from Turkey to a maintenance facility in Wales, but get tangled up in red tape, threatening to ruin their chance of meeting up with Iron Maiden front man Bruce Dickinson. Rampie and cocky aspiring pilot Chris Staples pushes his way onto a C-46 flight, where he makes a critical mistake. AJ makes a last-second overshoot.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Gear Lock	Action	none	After a breakdown uses up the last of Joe's spare DC-3 engines, he enlists former Buffalo pilot Devan Brooks to ferry another plane all the way from Quebec. Flying 3,000 kilometres in a DC-3 that's been mothballed for 7 years, Devan faces a critical hydraulic leak at the worst possible moment. As a massive cold snap paralyzes the hangar, a major landing gear problem strikes the nightly passenger flight to Hay River. Captain Justin Simle has to make a snap decision with a full load of passengers on board – including his own newborn son.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Aussie Ace	Action	none	Following almost a year of repairs after its crash landing, Buffalo Airways' Electra returns home to take on an urgent mission – returning to the very ice strip that set off the problems last year. It's the ultimate test for the plane and the crew. DC-4 co-pilot Tyler makes a major decision about his future, but now he has to face Joe. A pilot shows up out of the blue – all the way from Australia. Will Dyer has ten times the experience of a normal novice and quickly works to win a seat in a Buffalo cockpit. But the company throws him a curveball that puts his future in doubt.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Rock Stars and Rampies	Action	none	Joe's stress over the state of his water bombers, currently being stored in Wales, sparks an angry blow up with Cory, pushing Cory and Rod to head to the UK for urgent repairs. A day of culture in London leaves the hosers cold until they hook up with their British host, Iron Maiden's Bruce Dickinson. But at Bruce's Welsh facility they run into snags that threaten the work. David flies with Devan in the C-46, hoping to show how much he's learned. But when David badly botches a takeoff, Devan threatens violence. Instead of flying, hotshot Aussie Will gets stuck working on the ramp in Hay River, pushing him to a harsh ultimatum.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Ice Camp	Action	none	Mikey joins the Canadian Rangers for an extreme outdoor training experience farther north than he's ever been. While he's gone, a military Aurora takes refuge in Buffalo's hangar for important repairs – pushing Buffalo's own mechanics out into the bitter cold. What should be a simple fix turns into a multi-day ordeal and the Air Force has to go head-to-head with Chuck. Joe flies to California to bid on a fleet of firefighting planes that could revolutionize his company. But he discovers he has tougher competition than he ever expected.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Frozen Solid	Action	none	It's Joe's 69th birthday and he's never flown a helicopter before. So Mikey plans a special gift of chopper flight lessons, complete with surprise pickup in front of the Buffalo hangar. Mikey jumps in for the ride as Joe struggles with the unfamiliar beast – and both McBryans will learn if they've finally found an aircraft that Joe can't master. Another cold snap has cut off heat and power in a small northern town. AJ and James battle a frozen engine before they can head up with a load of supplies. On the way home, an engine fire forces the crew into an emergency shutdown.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Power Crash	Action	none	The Electra has become Buffalo's winter workhorse – the one plane they need to keep flying. During a High Arctic delivery mission, a 5,000-pound power unit tips off the forklift and crashes to the ground, smashing the fuselage – and sending Mikey into crisis management mode. With no backup Electras, Joe races to Atlantic Airways in Coventry, England on an urgent mission to scoop one up from other potential buyers while back at Buffalo, Mikey tries to prove he's really management material.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Breakdown	Action	none	Co-pilot Graeme Ferguson gets the biggest opportunity of his short career when Buffalo needs to train a second Electra crew. But none of Buffalo's piston-pounders have prepared him for a plane this big and this fast. When Graeme fumbles a landing, he has to prove he's ready for his big chance after all. Meanwhile, Chris Staples gets to take the test he's been dreaming about – to qualify as a co-pilot in the C-46. But he'll have to take it with one of the toughest captains on the crew. When the C-46 breaks down in Deline, Adam Smith rushes to the rescue and Chris might finally get his chance to shine.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Target Practice	Action	none	The Electra is still working around the clock and Buffalo is ready to pick up another, the second of its new British acquisitions. Joe and Mikey head across the Atlantic to fly home their new baby, ending an era of British aviation. Devan preps for fire season with some wild target practice in the DC-4 to see if his aim lives up to his cockiness. When James' son enters the local soapbox derby, James builds a Buffalo-style racer and finds out how his ugly green machine stacks up against the slick and pretty competition.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Air Show	Action	none	Mikey and Joe visit the Hamilton air show where Mikey has planned a major surprise for Father's Day. Joe is going to ride along in a CT-114 Tutor Jet with the famous Snowbirds. While Joe prepares for the big event, Mikey decides to conquer his fear of heights. He travels down the highway to Toronto and tries out the CN Tower "Edgewalk." But he's determined to go even higher. After all the bonding he and Joe have done in Hamilton, Mikey takes his first pilot lesson with Joe as the teacher. It turns out there are some heights Mikey still fears. As spring warms up Yellowknife, a longtime member of the Buffalo family announces a surprise departure.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Five Seasons	Action	none	It's been a wild five years for ICE PILOTS NWT. To celebrate the milestone, we pull back the curtain for an inside glimpse into the production of the TV show, and allow the cast of Buffalo characters to reflect on how it's affected their lives, for better or for worse. And we meet the cameramen who navigate prickly personalities and brave minus-forty conditions to capture the footage that has made ICE PILOTS NWT a cult phenomenon.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	A Ball O'Snags	Action	none	It's Buffalo's busiest winter yet, and they roll out the C-46, TXW, to fly all the freight up the Mackenzie Valley. But when one of TXW's engines catches fire, Buffalo scrambles to find a backup plane in time for Christmas deliveries. They look to their newly purchased Electra, XFC, to fill the void, but Adam, Chuck, Brian and Mikey discover it has a cracked windshield and cannot be flown safely. Joe, Brian and Cory fly to meet Rod in Red Deer to grab a replacement windshield. When they arrive, Joe first reveals his other plans—he wants the second Electra ZFE dug out of the snowbank where it's been sitting for months and get it up and running so that it can replace XFC on the Valley run. Rod's upset that he wasn't given more notice, and unloads on Mikey about Joe's reactionary management style. Back in Yellowknife, Buffalo's newest rampie, Prefkar Mony, is a determined young pilot from India who's got his eyes on flying Joe's prize planes. But first he has to adjust to life in the North—and purchasing proper winter gear is the first thing on his list
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Ice Storm	Action	none	Chief Pilot AJ Decoste is flying up the Mackenzie Valley with Buffalo's newest Electra, XFC, for the first time. Mechanic Cory Dodd is along for the ride to do some training as a Flight Engineer. They try to make their deliveries before a storm rolls in but when they land in Norman Wells, they are faced with gale force winds. When their takeoff is delayed by two incoming planes, AJ is forced to shut down and wait out the storm in Norman Wells. Later, on their approach to Tulita, they face even stronger winds gusting over 40 knots. Over in Hay River, things go from bad to worse when a warm weather system brings the threat of a rare ice storm. Two daily skeds arrive from Yellowknife and the rampies have to batten down the DC-3s in preparation for a long, rough night—the worst storm in fifty years. And the newest rampie, CJ Asaf, just can't seem to fit in. Rampie Prefkar is tasked with training CJ on the Hay River delivery route, but Prefkar can't handle CJ or his attitude.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Old Dogs	Action	none	When Buffalo's newest Electra, ZFE, lands in Yellowknife with only three functioning engines, mechanic Chuck Adams comes to the rescue to replace a brand-new $29,000 regulator on engine number three. It's been slow for the airline and delivering a load of building supplies to the RCMP up in Ulukhaktok, NWT, might help keep Buffalo in the air. Spurred by a recent crash landing and two engine fires, an audit team from Transport Canada descends on Buffalo Airways. With their long and tumultuous history with Joe, they demand that Buffalo appoint a new "Accountable Executive" within 72 hours, or risk being shut down. But Joe isn't about to hand over the keys to the kingdom—not even to Rod, his oldest son. Mikey worries that if they don't meet the deadline, Buffalo Airways could become Buffalo Spare Parts. Transport Canada isn't the only thing on Joe's mind; it's becoming apparent that Joe's 16-year-old rescue dog, Sophie, is on her last legs. One morning Joe finds Sophie lying under a plane, unable to stand up. Joe realizes that her time has come—he calls the vet.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Checkflight	Action	none	Buffalo Joe has been a captain on the daily sked for 34 years and his 70th birthday is next week. Joe might have to stop flying if he doesn't pass his medical and that could spell the end of Buffalo. Before Joe leaves to undergo five days of medical tests at the Mayo Clinic in Phoenix, Arizona, he calls two rampies, Sam Storm and Jeff Tapper, into his office to greenlight their DC-3 checkflights. Both Jeff and Sam have slogged away for eight months waiting for this chance. But on flight day, Sam is sick to his stomach from eating bad eggs the night before. Sam is not about to let a bad egg beat him and he helps Jeff prep DC-3, LFR. Just before takeoff, nausea wins—Sam has no choice but to back out and there's no telling when he'll get another chance. Jeff, on the other hand, has to overcome the jitters that have haunted him ever since he was in a crash landing earlier in the year. Mikey, Rod and his family prepare to greet Joe with a birthday cake shaped like a DC-3. At the last minute, Mikey gets a call that Joe isn't coming back today; instead he's decided to celebrate his own way—going for a ride in a classic 1940 Boeing Stearman biplane.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Second Chances	Action	none	Newly minted copilot Jeff Tapper is excited for his first revenue DC-3, but his inexperience shows when he botches the approach and bounces the landing three times, nearly running off the runway. Meanwhile, for new rampie Prefkar Mony to realize his dream of becoming a DC-3 pilot, he needs to first pass the written IATRA test. He's been studying for months, but on his first attempt, he fails. With the help of pilot/mechanic Chris Staples, Prefkar retakes the test and passes, but his victory celebration is short-lived when he's blamed for leaving an expensive shipment of medicine marked "Do Not Freeze" in a courier van during a minus 30 weekend. Later, Mikey and Katie decide to find Joe a new dog and choose Muffy, a three-year-old dog from the SPCA who is ready to leave her pups. They bring her back to the hangar for a test drive. Joe brings DC-3 CUE out of retirement to test fly the plane for Buffalo's summer sked duty and he brings along Jeff—and Muffy—to see if they're Buffalo material.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Big Plans, Bad Luck	Action	none	Mikey talks to a 15-year-old aviation buff in England via Skype, who has discovered that Buffalo's DC3–WZS–flew on D-Day. This inspires Mikey to do something special for the 70th anniversary. He invites Cory to do a tandem parachute jump and finds out that Cory's grandfather was a paratrooper at the invasion of Normandy. Meanwhile, Mikey takes mercy on Prefkar, working the ramp in Hay River, and offers him a chance for some pilot training on the morning DC-3 freighter. But when the time comes, Prefkar learns that he's been bumped for pilot David Alexandre. It gets worse for Prefkar when he's given another chance and this time the fog rolls in. Prefkar might not stick it out at Buffalo. Mikey's D-Day plans get even bigger when he contacts the Princess Patricia Canadian Light Infantry, who were part of the Allied airborne forces that dropped behind German lines in 1944. He pitches his plan—a reenactment jump from WZS, an actual D-Day plane. But there's a hitch: the plane needs to pass inspection, and Mikey needs to lose weight to make the cut for tandem jumping. Mikey tries everything he can think of—from juicing, working out with Dan at the gym and even sweating it out in spin class. Cory and Mikey go over what they need to refit DC-3 WZS for a static line jump. Cory is sent on a scavenger hunt for parts in Red Deer and finds a brand-new bracket from the 1940s—but they still need to find the missing rear bracket, and nobody even knows what it looks like.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	Dogfight	Action	none	Mikey shows a veteran Buffalo's DC-3, WZS, Buffalo's very own vintage plane from the Second World War. It is being fitted with a special ‘static' line, which paratroopers will clip onto for a D-Day reenactment jump. But army inspectors tell Mikey a modern military needs a modern line with a winch system in case they need to retrieve a "hung-up jumper". Cory and Mikey scramble to build the retrieval line before the inspector comes back to test it. But with their bumbling and fumbling, it doesn't look like they will make the cut. Meanwhile, Chris Staples and some of Buffalo's pilots head down to Fullerton, California, to Air Combat USA, where pilots get to experience aerial dogfights in real fighter planes. The pilots do yo-yos, spins and pull Gs to out-maneuver their opponent. First up in the dogfights are newly checked-out co-pilot Sam Storm versus longtime co-pilot David Alexandre. Sam wins the fight due to David's inability to hold down his breakfast. Next up is cocky co-pilot Chris Staples versus his C-46 captain Devan Brooks. But Devan's many years in DC-3s and C-46s have left him unprepared for the video game pace of dogfighting and he quickly loses 3-0. Finally, the two top guns return to the sky. Sam scores first, but Chris is not about to get beaten.
2152	Ice Pilots NWT	D-Day	Action	none	The Buffalo boys gather in Red Deer for Mikey's D-Day tribute jump. Joe and Sam scout out the designated military drop zone over Abraham Lake in the Rockies only to discover the canyon is too narrow for the DC-3. So Joe cancels the whole thing—it's too dangerous. Mikey uses Joe's own philosophy against him: at Buffalo, there's always a backup plan. Joe flies out to scout a new location for the drop on the lake but hits bad weather. As Joe is about to scrap the trip, twenty paratroopers from the Canadian and American armies arrive for the big jump and are ready to go. They board WZS and Joe takes off to a site he hasn't scouted, in weather that just keeps getting worse. As they near the drop point, he finally calls it—no jump tonight. They turn back, with all the troops still on board. Mikey's only hope is a narrow window first thing the next morning—but only if Joe gives the final okay.
2153	Famous in Love	Famous in Love	Drama	none	Bella Thorne is set to star in the drama project, now in development, which is based onRebecca Serle's romantic novel Famous In Love. King and Serle are writing the adaptation, which centers on a college student (Thorne) plucked from obscurity to star in a major Hollywood movie franchise who struggles with her new-found fame.
2154	Monica the Medium	Monica the Medium	Mystery	none	"Monica the Medium" provides a fascinating look at Monica, a junior at Penn State navigating friends, family, relationships – and the fact that she's a medium and can talk to dead people. Her uncommon vocation provides an endless supply of emotional and engaging stories, with a unique millennial perspective.
2154	Monica the Medium	Blind Date Surprise	Mystery	none	Monica performs a spontaneous reading for a stranger at a party; Monica prepares for a blind date.
2158	Shadowhunters	Shadowhunters	Action	8.0	Shadowhunters is a small screen version of The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones that was a movie in 2013.
2161	Still the King	Still the King	Comedy	none	Still The King features Cyrus as Vernon Brown, AKA "Burnin' Vernon," a scandal-ridden washed up one-hit wonder who is kicked out of country music, only to emerge 20 years later as the second best Elvis impersonator in Laughlin, Nevada. After crashing into an old country church outside of Nashville during a drunken bender, he is sentenced to return and perform community service. Along the way, he pretends to be the congregation's new minister and discovers he has a 15-year-old daughter he's never met.
2163	Puberty Blues	Puberty Blues	Drama	none	A television adaptation of the 1979 Australian novel of the same name. Written by Gabrielle Carey and Kathy Lette, the feminist teen novel chronicles the lives of two 13-year-old girls from Sydney's Sutherland Shire who join the "Greenhill gang" surfers in an attempt to gain popularity.In 1981, the book was made into a film, directed by Bruce Beresford, with the girls' age changed to 16 for censorship reasons.
2163	Puberty Blues	Episode 1	Drama	none	It's 1977 and joined-at-the hip teenagers Debbie and Sue fantasise about joining the Greenhills gang who rule the beach.
2163	Puberty Blues	Episode 2	Drama	none	After Debbie kisses Bruce Board, ace surfer and super spunk, it could help the girls crack the Greenhills Gang.
2163	Puberty Blues	Episode 3	Drama	none	Debbie and Sue's future with the Greenhills gang means growing up fast, and proving themselves with the boys.
2163	Puberty Blues	Episode 4	Drama	none	A wild teen party changes everything for Sue and Debbie.
2163	Puberty Blues	Episode 5	Drama	none	Cheryl decamps to Debbie's house for a while and proves an unwelcome guest to almost everyone except young David, while Ferris' mid-life crisis spirals out of control.
2163	Puberty Blues	Episode 6	Drama	none	A night out for Debbie and Sue and the Greenhills gang ends in disaster.
2163	Puberty Blues	Episode 7	Drama	none	The Greenhills gang gather together for an ocean ceremony, while Pam and Roger plan a career move that could see them leave their beloved Cronulla behind forever.
2163	Puberty Blues	Episode 8	Drama	none	Debbie and Sue's growing disenchantment with the gang and their rigid rules ends in defiance when they stand up to the boys and try surfing for themselves.
2163	Puberty Blues	Episode 1	Drama	none	The seventies are coming to an end and Sue, Debbie and Gary have grown wilder and free-er than ever.
2163	Puberty Blues	Episode 2	Drama	none	Debbie and Sue's relationship is in danger after Debbie is threatened with boarding school. Nothing can keep them apart though.
2163	Puberty Blues	Episode 3	Drama	none	Yvonne finds herself feeling torn between two lovers after Gary's father returns to twon. Cheryl turns to Judy for help, with some surprising consequences.
2163	Puberty Blues	Episode 4	Drama	none	Debbie is not happy to find out that Cheryl is living in her room. Ferris decides to reclaim his wife. Martin finds the past coming back to haunt him.
2163	Puberty Blues	Episode 5	Drama	none	Debbie takes her new boarding school friend to Cronulla for Gary's birthday party. Judy's world is rocked following Annie's death and what looks like Martin's infidelity.
2163	Puberty Blues	Episode 6	Drama	none	Debbie's reputation at school has been ruined. Sue is hiding her own guilty secret.
2163	Puberty Blues	Episode 7	Drama	none	Gary decides to move out whilst Roger experiences every father's worst nightmare. Judy's family are hiding secrets.
2163	Puberty Blues	Episode 8	Drama	none	Debbie returns home from boarding school and soon finds out that everything has changed. Vicki's wedding day is very eventful as Cheryl and Debbie face off.
2163	Puberty Blues	Episode 9	Drama	none	A tragedy sees Debbie taking some drastic action. Judy manages to surprise everybody at Pam's 40th birthday.
2164	Love Child	Love Child	Drama	none	Channel Nine's new drama series Love Child, starring Jessica Marais, Jonathan LaPaglia and Mandy McElhinney; produced in Sydney.It's 1969 in Kings Cross and Joan Miller (Jessica Marais), a smart and sophisticated midwife, returns home from London to take a job at the Kings Cross Hospital and find a new life for herself, at a time when Australia is coming of age and the new generation believes anything is possible.Jonathan LaPaglia plays the charismatic Dr Patrick McNaughton, head of obstetrics at Kings Cross Hospital, and Mandy McElhinney plays Frances Bolton, the tough matron who also controls the running of Stanton House, a home for unwed pregnant young women.Their lives intersect between Kings Cross Hospital, Stanton House and the wild streets of Darlinghurst beyond the hospital walls.The cast also includes Ryan Corr, Ella Scott Lynch, Sophie Hensser, Miranda Tapsell, Gracie Gilbert and Harriet Dyer.In a joint statement, Andy Ryan and Jo Rooney, joint Heads of Drama at the Nine Network, said: "A powerful and uplifting series, Love Child tells the stories of young women and men fighting an unjust system in a world on the brink of change."We are thrilled to join forces again with Playmaker Media to bring Love Child to the Australian audience and showcase a superb cast."David Maher and David Taylor, from Playmaker, describe Love Child as a series with a stellar cast, a gripping story, and all the exuberant music, fashion and attitude of the late 1960s.
2164	Love Child	Episode One	Drama	none	Kings Cross, 1969: An ambitious midwife returns from London to uncover a system of forced adoptions at the local hospital. A pregnant country girl, Viv, wakes to find she's been drugged by her parents and sent to a home for unwed mothers.
2164	Love Child	Episode Two	Drama	none	June 1969. As the world counts down to the first moon landing, Joan flirts with danger at the hospital and makes a powerful enemy. Annie returns home after giving up her baby, but realises her old life is gone forever.
2164	Love Child	Episode Three	Drama	none	Joan risks her career to help Annie get her baby back, unaware of the implications for Dr McNaughton. Patricia's mother visits from Melbourne and offers her daughter an early exit from Stanton House.
2164	Love Child	Episode Four	Drama	none	As Kings Cross is invaded by soldiers on rest and relaxation leave from the Vietnam War, Joan helps Viv track down her brother. After losing her baby, Annie's life spirals out of control until she is rescued by an unlikely guardian angel.
2164	Love Child	Episode Five	Drama	none	Joan fights the hospital 'boys club' for her right to complete her medical degree. Johnny is arrested after an anti-war protest, while Shirley goes into premature labour. Annie gets the opportunity of a lifetime at a Kings Cross nightclub.
2164	Love Child	Episode Six	Drama	none	Joan's world is rocked when she uncovers the truth about Annie's baby. Shirley's affair with Johnny is exposed when her husband returns injured from Vietnam. Annie's singing career takes off when she appears on TV show Bandstand.
2164	Love Child	Episove Seven	Drama	none	Joan wrestles with the consequences of telling Annie the truth about her baby. Shirley is left with a seriously ill baby and no money when Johnny goes on the run from the police. Viv uncovers a disturbing secret about Matron.
2164	Love Child	Episode Eight	Drama	none	Joan fears the worst when Annie kidnaps her baby back from the McNaughton family. Johnny makes a shocking sacrifice and Patricia's dreams for the future are shattered when her boyfriend finally visits Stanton House.
2164	Love Child	Episode One	Drama	none	Joan's new career as a doctor is threatened when she helps a pregnant teen. Viv's estranged mother tries to take control of her life. Annie learns a harsh lesson as a single mother in 1970s Kings Cross.
2164	Love Child	Episode Two	Drama	none	Joan is obsessed with finding the father of Gail's baby. Viv finds an unlikely ally in Matron as she suffers through a difficult labour. Shirley receives a surprise telegram from Vietnam.
2164	Love Child	Episode Three	Drama	none	Patricia refuses to sign adoption papers for her unborn baby, with tragic results. Joan gets closer to finding the family of Gail's orphaned baby. Matron's world is rocked when her biological son is released from prison. Martha is swept off her feet by an admirer.
2164	Love Child	Episode Four	Drama	none	Joan finds herself in the middle of a violent custody battle over Gail's baby. Patricia faces a crisis when she travels to Melbourne to marry her Prince Charming. Martha is obsessed with seeing Queen Elizabeth during the 1970 royal tour.
2164	Love Child	Episode Five	Drama	none	The custody battle over Jim's baby becomes deadly serious. Joan receives a surprising proposal. Annie is deemed an unfit mother when her baby goes missing. Patricia has a life-changing encounter with some hippies.
2167	Living with the Enemy	Living with the Enemy	Family	none	Lifetime pushes social boundaries in the all-new docuseries, "Living with the Enemy" (#LWTE). The entertaining, outrageous and daring experiment features families of opposing values living in each other's homes to see if they can change one another's views by exploring the fault lines of social cohesion in the United States. In each one-hour episode, a different hot topic currently dividing public opinion will be explored. Two families must defend their opinions and beliefs when forced to live and work with the people whose lifestyles contradict their own. Each participant will spend four days in the enemy's house, learning the way their hosts choose to live their lives and the principles and ethics they so strongly uphold. Views will be tested, beliefs challenged and patience pushed to the limit during their visit. By the end, each side will have made their point through a series of immersive situations - and hopefully, discover a greater understanding of one another.
2167	Living with the Enemy	Don't Fat Shame Me	Family	none	An advocate for the Big Beautiful Woman community and a fitness fanatic battle it out for eight days to prove each other's views on body image are damaging to society.
2167	Living with the Enemy	Mommy Wars	Family	none	A strict mother and a lenient mother face off for eight days, each fighting to prove that her parenting style is the only way to raise successful adults.
2167	Living with the Enemy	Put a Ring on It	Family	none	A devoted gay couple and a conservative Christian spend eight days fighting over their views on matrimonial rights.
2168	Not Exactly News	Not Exactly News	Comedy	none	MTV2's comedic news team turns anything from the Internet into a funny local news story. The series stars anchors Matthew Broussard and Damien Lemon, with social media star Julia Kelly and comic Dave Ebert. Stunts, animal videos, pranks and epic fails … it's not exactly news, but we're pretending it is. The series features the wildest clips in sports, weather, breaking stories and on the scene reporting.
2168	Not Exactly News	Pilot	Comedy	none	This news format turns anything from the internet into a funny local news story. It's not exactly news, but we're pretending it is.
2173	Star Trek Continues	Star Trek Continues	Action	9.0	Star Trek Continues is a fan-created science fiction series set in the Star Trek universe produced by Trek Continues Inc., Far From Home, and Dracogen. The series is an unofficial direct continuation of the third and last season of Star Trek: The Original Series, whose visual and storytelling features have been reproduced to recreate the same look-and-feel.As with all such Star Trek fan productions, use of copyrighted and trademarked properties from the original series was allowed so long as the production is not-for-profit. Part of the funds necessary to produce the episodes were raised through a successful Kickstarter campaign, to which almost three thousand backers contributed.Star Trek Continues won a Geekie Award for "Best Web Series" in 2014 and has been very positively received by the critics, who praised the quality of the production, stating that the series has set a new standard for Star Trek fan productions.
2173	Star Trek Continues	Pilgrim of Eternity	Action	9.0	An ill and much older Apollo appears on the Enterprise, creating havoc and leaving Captain Kirk with the problem of deciding his fate.
2173	Star Trek Continues	Lolani	Action	9.0	Captain Kirk and his crew are torn by the moral dilemmas that arise when they rescue an Orion slave from a distressed Tellarite ship.
2173	Star Trek Continues	Fairest of Them All	Action	9.0	In this continuation of the TOS episode "Mirror, Mirror", Spock confronts Kirk in order to set a more peaceful course for the troubled Terran Empire.
2173	Star Trek Continues	The White Iris	Action	9.0	Kirk deals with guilt from his past while twin planets are at war.
2174	Marvel's Luke Cage	Marvel's Luke Cage	Action	8.0	Born and raised in Harlem, Carl Lucas spent his youth in a gang called the Bloods. With his friend Willis Stryker, he fought the rival gang the Diablos and committed petty thefts, often on behalf of deformed crimelord Sonny Caputo, a.k.a. Hammer. In and out of juvenile homes throughout his teens, Lucas dreamed of becoming a major New York racketeer until he finally realized how his actions were hurting his family; he sought to better himself as an adult, finding legitimate employment. Meanwhile, Stryker rose through the ranks of crime, but the two men remained friends. When Stryker's activities angered the Maggia (a.k.a. the Syndicate), he was badly beaten in a mob hit, saved only by Lucas's intervention. When Stryker's girlfriend, Reva Connors, broke up with him in fear of his violent work, she sought solace from Lucas. Convinced that Lucas was responsible for the breakup, Stryker planted heroin in Lucas's apartment (that he stole from drug kingpin Cornell Cottonmouth) and tipped off the police. Lucas was arrested and sent to prison; contact with his family was sparse due to the resentment of his brother James, Jr., who intercepted Lucas's letters to their father James and eventually led each to believe the other was dead.In prison, Lucas was consumed by rage over Stryker's betrayal and his father's supposed death, engaging in frequent brawls and escape attempts. Eventually transferred to Seagate Prison off the coast of Georgia, he became the favorite target of sadistic guard Albert "Billy Bob" Rackham, whose brutality ultimately led to a demotion that he blamed on Lucas. Later, research scientist Dr. Noah Burstein recruited Lucas as a volunteer for experimental cell regeneration based on a variant of the Super-Soldier process he had previously used to empower Warhawk. Burstein immersed Lucas in an electrical field conducted by an organic chemical compound; when he left Lucas unattended, Rackham misused the experiment's controls, hoping to maim or kill Lucas. Lucas's treatment was accelerated past its intent, inducing body-wide enhancement that gave him superhuman strength and durability. He used his new power to escape Seagate and made his way back to New York, where a chance encounter with criminals inspired him to use his new powers for profit.Adopting the alias "Luke Cage" and donning a distinctive costume, he launched a career as a Hero for Hire, helping anyone who could meet his price. He soon established an office in Times Square's Gem Theater, where he befriended film student D.W. Griffith. Burstein, aware of his friend's innocence, also relocated to New York and opened a medical clinic, assisted by Dr. Claire Temple, whom Cage began dating. Although Cage would have been content to battle strictly conventional criminals, he soon learned that New York was hardly the place to do so. Stryker himself had become a Maggia agent as Diamondback and died battling Cage. Subsequent opponents included Gideon Mace, an embittered veteran seeking a U.S. takeover who would become a frequent foe; Chemistro (Curtis Carr), whose Alchemy Gun would be a weapon later used by others, including his own brother after Curtis reformed; and Discus, Stiletto, Shades, and Commanche, all criminals with ties to Cage's prison days who would face him repeatedly over the years.
2175	Marvel's Iron Fist	Marvel's Iron Fist	Drama	none	Daniel Rand is the son of Wendell Rand, who had, as a youth, visited the mystic city of K'un-Lun, which materialized in the Himalayas once a decade; founded roughly a million years ago by extraterrestrials, K'un-Lun was co-ruled by the aliens' descendants and powerful beings called the Dragon Kings, who were themselves subject to the godlike sorcerer Master Khan. Rand had saved the life of K'un-Lun's ruler Lord Tuan, who adopted Rand as his heir, to the resentment of Tuan's son, Yu-Ti. During his time in K'un-Lun, Rand married a woman named Shakari and fathered a daughter, Miranda Rand-K'ai. At some point, Rand won ritual combat against Davos, son of K'un-Lun's greatest warrior, Lei Kung the Thunderer, which entitled him to claim the power of Shou-Lao the Undying, a man transformed into a mystic serpent over a thousand years ago by the Dragon King Chiantang; however, although great K'un-Lun warriors had periodically wielded Shou-Lao's power as the Iron Fist, Rand declined the power. Ten years after coming to K'un-Lun, Rand was showing Shakari the restored nexus when Yu-Ti's men attacked them. Shakari was slain, and the grief-stricken Rand returned to Earth. Within a year, he became a successful businessman and married Heather Duncan. In his absence, Lord Tuan died and became ruler of Feng-Tu, abode of K'un-Lun's departed spirits, leaving Yu-Ti to rule K'un-Lun, while Lei Kung, shamed by Davos' defeat, banished his son to Earth.When Daniel Rand was nine, at roughly the time K'un-Lun was scheduled to materialize, his father decided to bring him and Heather to K'un-Lun. Accompanied by Rand's business partner Harold Meachum, they traveled to the Himalayas, but Wendell fell from a mountain ledge; clutching the edge, he called to Meachum for help, but Meachum, hoping to control Rand's business shares, caused Wendell to plunge to his death. Shortly afterward, Heather sacrificed her life to protect Daniel from a wolf pack, and her spirit ascended to Feng-Tu. The denizens of K'un-Lun found Daniel and took him in, while a frostbite-crippled Meachum learned of Daniel's survival and spent the next decade preparing elaborate defenses against future attack.
2176	Marvel's The Defenders	Marvel's The Defenders	Drama	none	„The Defenders" will feature the famous Marvel heroes Daredevil, Jessica Jones, Iron Fist and Luke Cage as a legendary superhero-team in New York City.
2178	Hunters	Hunters	Action	none	Hunters, based on Whitley Strieber's best-selling novel Alien Hunter, the disappearance of a decorated Philadelphia cop's wife leads him to a secret government unit assembled to hunt a group of ruthless terrorists - shadowy figures that may or may not be from this world.
2186	Recovery Road	Recovery Road	Drama	none	Maddie (Jessica Sula) is a high school party girl who doesn't think she has a problem until she's confronted one day by her guidance counselor and is forced to choose between expulsion and a recovering facility. Maddie makes the difficult decision to live with other recovering addicts at "Recovery Road", while facing the daily pressures of her teenage life.
2187	Oorlogswinter	Oorlogswinter	Drama	none	Oorlogswinter plays during the winter of 1944-1945 and ends with the liberation of the north of the Netherlands in May 1945. The protagonist is a 15-year old boy who has to deal with difficult choices imposed upon him when he more or less by accident saves a downed British pilot from capture by the Germans. This act entails grave risks for his family and other innocent civilians, betrayal looms, but not everything is always what it seems. It is only after the liberation that all pieces of the puzzle fall into place.
2187	Oorlogswinter	Aflevering 1	Drama	none	Winter 1944. Sixteen year old Michiel van Beusekom is helping his father, the Major of Vlank in taking care of travelers searching for food.
2187	Oorlogswinter	Aflevering 2	Drama	none	Michiel learns that his friend Dirk Knoppers is planning a raid on a distribution office for the resistance. He promises to take care of a letter for him in case something goes wrong.
2187	Oorlogswinter	Aflevering 3	Drama	none	Michiel is running errands and even refuses to tell his parents what for. He's afraid of being questioned by collaborator Schaften and patrolling Germans.
2187	Oorlogswinter	Aflevering 4	Drama	none	Bertus has been picked up on account of the letter Michiel is carrying. It turns out to be a request to take care of a downed English pilot. So Michiel takes it upon himself to look after the man.
2187	Oorlogswinter	Aflevering 5	Drama	none	Michiel asks Erica to tend Jack's wound. She immediately take a liking to the downed English Airman, and he to her.
2187	Oorlogswinter	Aflevering 6	Drama	none	The dead body of a German soldier has been found in the woods, prompting the Germans to arrest the major and 9 prominent villagers. They threaten to execute them unless the murderer gives himself up.
2187	Oorlogswinter	Aflevering 7	Drama	none	Four hostages, including Michiels father have been shot and the remaining 5 men have been let go with a warning. This leaves Michiel as the man of the house and help to ferry two Jews across the pond dressed as women.
2187	Oorlogswinter	Aflevering 8	Drama	none	Michiel has loaned a horse and cart from the Baroness and is risking his life transporting father and son Kleerkoper (who are dressed as women) across the Ijssel.
2187	Oorlogswinter	Aflevering 9	Drama	none	The Germans have discovered that people are being ferried across the pond during their tea break and have put the Baroness under house arrest. She insist to speak with the the colonel and no one else.
2187	Oorlogswinter	Aflevering 10	Drama	none	The Germans are on the retreat. One German soldier takes it upon himself to rescue Michiel's little brother Jochem who's climbed up a crumbling roof. Meanwhile Dirk Knoppen and friends manage to escape from a train transport.
2187	Oorlogswinter	Aflevering 11	Drama	none	Despite his weakened state, Dirk manages to find his way back to Jack's hiding place. Michiel sets a trap for Schaften to prove he's the traitor, but Dirk claims Schaften is actually a resistance man. Then it turns out it was Dirk and Jack who killed the German in the woods.
2187	Oorlogswinter	Aflevering 12	Drama	none	After being cooped up for five months, Jack insists on making his way back to the RAF. Michiel decides to tell his 'uncle' Ben everything and ask him to help Jack get out.
2187	Oorlogswinter	Aflevering 13	Drama	none	The war is almost over and Michiel has finally deduced the identity of the traitor. Unable to kill him in cold blood, he and Dirk decide to hand over the traitor to the resistance.
2189	Victorious	Victorious	Comedy	none	Chaos is coming to Tori Vega's life. The 16 year old is starting at a new high school; but not just any school. This is Hollywood Arts, a performing arts school where crazy talented students learn how to become real artists.. Until now, Tori didn't think she had much talent of her own, and was content to live in the shadow of her older sister, Trina. Now, that's all about to change... if Tori can see herself in a new light, even a spotlight! But Hollywood Arts is still a high school, and Tori is still the new kid. She'll have to find new friends, do homework, and just try to fit in. Will Tori grab a starring role in her new life?
2194	Shake It Up	Shake It Up	Comedy	none	Cece and Rocky land their dream jobs as background dancers on the most popular teen dance.
2195	The Suite Life on Deck	The Suite Life on Deck	Comedy	none	The nautical new series finds Zack and Cody aboard the S.S. Tipton, a luxury passenger cruise liner owned by London's father. The ship cruises the world with tourists and students who attend classes at Seven Seas High, the one high school that London's dad thinks will make his daughter a better student. While out at sea, Zack and Cody still have their compass pointed towards mischief, and London learns to live a "fabu-less" lifestyle, including sharing a small room with Bailey, a country girl from Kansas.
2196	The Syndicate	The Syndicate	Drama	none	A drama exploring how winning the lottery transforms the lives of ordinary people.
2198	Win, Lose or Draw	Win, Lose or Draw	Family	none	Win, Lose or Draw is an American television game show that aired from 1987 to 1990 in syndication and on NBC. It was taped at CBS Television City, often in Studios 31, 33, and 43 at various times.[3] It was co-produced by Burt & Bert Productions (headed by Burt Reynolds and Bert Convy, the original host of the syndicated version) and Kline & Friends for Disney's Buena Vista Television. It has also had two versions on The Disney Channel: Teen Win, Lose or Draw from 1989–92, and a revived version known as Disney's Win, Lose or Draw which premiered in 2014.The set for the original Win, Lose or Draw was modeled after Burt Reynolds' living room.
2199	Wheel of Fortune	Wheel of Fortune	Family	none	With more than 30 million viewers per week, WHEEL OF FORTUNE has been the #1 syndicated game show since its inception. It has earned six Daytime Emmy Awards, including the 2011 Emmy for Outstanding Game/Audience Participation Show. The series continues to attract a larger audience than many Primetime TV shows.
2200	Cory in the House	Cory in the House	Comedy	none	Laugh out loud at Cory's madcap adventures in four of your favorite episodes -- plus, the ALL-STAR EDITION DVD includes exclusive behind-the-scenes interviews with the star and celebrity guests Raven and The Rock ("Never The Dwayne Shall Meet")! When Cory's dad gets a job as personal chef to the president of the United States, the Baxter boys move into the White House and take over. It doesn't take long before Cory is cooking up new schemes that get him into outrageously funny situations with the high-powered Washington, D.C., elite. Just when you think things can't get any more mixed up, Cory is sneaking on to Air Force One, making presentations incognito and doing everything he can to impress celebrity houseguests Raven, Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson and more! Get ready to laugh, it's Cory time!
2201	Heartland	Heartland	Drama	none	Heartland stars Treat Williams (Everwood, Brothers & Sisters) as Nathaniel Grant, an intense, overworked organ transplant surgeon who battles the clock to save lives in the high-stakes world of transplant surgery. Dr. Grant's devotion to his work takes a toll on his relationships, including the one with his ex-wife, played by Kari Matchett (Invasion), who works at the same hospital as the organ-recovery coordinator. The two must work past their personal clashes in order to save lives.
2203	BattleBots	BattleBots	Drama	none	BattleBots promises to wow viewers with next generation robots—bigger, faster and stronger than ever before. The show will focus on the design and build of each robot, the bot builder backstories, their intense pursuit of the championship and the spectacle of the event.Starring: Chris Rose | Kenny Florian | Molly McGrath | Alison Haislip | Bobak Ferdowsi | Faruq Tauheed | Fon Davis | Jessica Chobot | Leland Melvin
2203	BattleBots	The Battle Begins: Qualifiers Part 1	Drama	none	During the first night of the six-episode tournament, 8 teams converge in an arena of minefields and hazards for the ultimate shot at glory during the Qualifiers round.
2203	BattleBots	Crunch Time: Qualifying Round Part 2	Drama	none	Sixteen robots compete in the second Qualifiers round. Competitors include Witch Doctor, Captain Shrederator, Ghost Raptor, Mohawk, Stinger, Sweet Revenge, Tombstone and Chomp.
2203	BattleBots	Full Metal Bracket: Round of 16 Part 1	Drama	none	Eight teams compete in the first half of the championship round of 16.
2203	BattleBots	Last Chance to Advance: Round of 16 Part 2	Drama	none	Matches include Lock-Jaw vs. Overhaul, Bite Force vs. HyperShock, and Tombstone vs. Radioactive.
2203	BattleBots	The Great 8: Quarterfinals	Drama	none	Featured battles include Lock-Jaw vs. Overhaul, Bite Force vs. HyperShock and Tombstone vs. Radioactive.
2203	BattleBots	One Bot Rules Them All: The Championship	Drama	none	The final six teams compete; the ultimate champion is declared.
2205	Cracked	Cracked	Drama	8.3	CRACKED is a unique blend of a police and medical drama inspired by the real-life experiences of police officers and mental-health professionals. The hour-long series is a bold depiction of the psychological side of policing and the emotional impact on front-line workers. It's a fascinating yet affectionate exploration of all dimensions of human behavior.The series reflects the reality that an overwhelming percentage of police calls involve people with mental illnesses or psychiatric disorders - people who cross all ages, incomes and ethnicities. The Psych Crimes Unit struggles to achieve balance between protecting the public from harm and protecting the dignity of all citizens ¬often at the expense of their own mental health.
2206	Sonny with a Chance	Sonny with a Chance	Comedy	none	Sonny, a talented Midwestern girl, has won a nationwide talent search to move to Los Angeles and star in a popular television series. Sonny's home and work life is documented along with her adjustment to life in the spotlight.
2208	Lucky Louie	Lucky Louie	Comedy	7.5	They've been a staple of the commercial networks since "The Honeymooners," but there's never been a sitcom quite like this before. HBO breaks new ground with "Lucky Louie," a fresh, funny, and very adult comedy that looks at the challenges of marriage and family through the story of a young couple who are just barely getting by. Emmy®-winner Louis C.K. stars as Louie, a part-time mechanic at a muffler shop who spends most of his time at home taking care of his four-year-old daughter Lucy. His wife, Kim, the real breadwinner of the family, works as a full-time nurse. This untraditional arrangement can be tricky at times, but they always stick it out, because somewhere underneath all the muck they love each other... plus, they have no choice. Kim and Louie's best friends are Mike and Tina, a married couple with an enviably simple life (Mike brings home the bacon, Tina in turn has sex with him) and a bunch of kids from their current and previous marriages. Across the hall are an African-American couple, Walter and Ellen, and their daughter Lisa, a family with whom Louie awkwardly tries to cultivate a friendship. Also living in the building is Kim's eccentric brother Jerry, who has a blurry past and is in constant need of direction (and food). There's also Louie's friend Rich, who lives with his mother and earns a living through shady means. Filmed before a live audience, a first for HBO "Lucky Louie" is also the network's first multi-camera situation comedy.
2210	Ben and Kate	Ben and Kate	Comedy	none	Exuberant dreamer BEN FOX (Nat Faxon) returns to his hometown and reunites with his younger sister KATE (Dakota Johnson), an overly responsible single mom raising her five-year-old daughter, MADDIE (Maggie Elizabeth Jones). But when he arrives, he finds a sad state of affairs. For the first time in their lives, Kate needs Ben's help, and he's determined to bring some much-needed chaos into her stable world.
2211	Kojak	Kojak	Drama	8.0	Set in New York City's 13th Precinct. It revolves around the efforts of the incorruptible, but not adverse to bending the rules when it's needed, Lt.Theo Kojak (Telly Savalas), a tough, bald cop who was fond of using the catchphrase, "Who loves ya, baby?" and had given up smoking and had taken to lollipops instead and these became his trademark.
2212	Celebrity Family Feud	Celebrity Family Feud	Family	none	Host Steve Harvey, the highly popular and Emmy Award-winning talk show host, will present this ALL NEW EDITION of Celebrity Family Feud that will pit celebrities against each other in a contest to name the most popular responses to a survey-type question posed to 100 people. In each episode, two celebrity families and their immediate family members or their extended TV families, will compete against each other to win money for their favorite charity. Each team will be made up of a celebrity captain with four relatives or friends playing along. The winning celebrity team will be given a chance to win up to $25,000 to donate to a charity of their choice.
2212	Celebrity Family Feud	Dr. Phil McGraw vs Garry & Penny Marshall and Kevin McHale vs Fred Willard	Family	none	Celebrity competitors include Dr. Phil McGraw vs. directors Garry and Penny Marshall and actor Kevin McHale vs. actor Fred Willard.
2212	Celebrity Family Feud	Cheryl Hines vs Niecy Nash and Duck Dynasty vs Katy Mixon	Family	none	Celebrity competitors include actress Cheryl Hines vs. actress Niecy Nash and ``Duck Dynasty'' cast members vs. actress Katy Mixon.
2212	Celebrity Family Feud	Rob Gronkowski vs Holly Robinson Peete and Bill Engvall vs Keke Palmer	Family	none	Celebrity competitors include professional football player Rob Gronkowski vs. actress Holly Robinson Peete and comic Bill Engvall vs. actress Keke Palmer.
2212	Celebrity Family Feud	Joey Lawrence vs Mario Lopez and Ed Asner vs Vicki Lawrence	Family	none	Celebrity competitors on tonight's episode include Joey Lawrence vs Mario Lopez and Ed Asner vs Vicki Lawrence.
2213	1915	1915	Drama	none	Brimming with national pride, friends Billy Mackenzie (Scott Burgess) and Walter Gilchrist (Scott McGregor) enlist in the Aussie army to serve their country during World War I in this seven-part miniseries. But combat's grim realities soon burst their patriotic bubble as they endure the onslaught of enemy gunfire, endless bloodshed and trench warfare's horror. The superb supporting cast includes Lorraine Bayly, Bill Hunter and Sigrid Thornton.
2213	1915	Best of Friends	Drama	none	Brimming with national pride, friends Billy Mackenzie (Scott Burgess) and Walter Gilchrist (Scott McGregor) enlist in the Aussie army to serve their country during World War I
2213	1915	Girl On the Night Mail	Drama	none	Combat's grim realities soon burst their patriotic bubble as they endure the onslaught of enemy gunfire, endless bloodshed and trench warfare's horror.
2214	Hostages	Hostages	Drama	none	Yael is a surgeon at hospital, scheduled to surgery the Prime Minister of Israel. things start to be complicated when the hijackers take over the house, and require her to kill the Prime Minister and threatening to eliminate her family if she did not comply with their demands. Did she going to do the right thing?
2214	Hostages	Episode 1	Drama	none	When brilliant surgeon Yael Danon is selected to perform a routine operation on the Israeli prime minister it puts her and her whole family in danger. The night before the operation they are taken hostage in their house by masked men and Yael is given an ultimatum – she must kill the prime minister during his operation or her family will die.
2214	Hostages	Episode 2	Drama	none	Forced by mysterious captors to kill the Israeli prime minister during his upcoming operation, Yael tries everything she can think of to get it postponed without putting her family, still held hostage at home, in danger. The kidnappers' plan is put at risk when an angry friend comes to see Eyal about a bounced cheque.
2214	Hostages	Episode 3	Drama	none	The Danon's are still hostages in their own home. With Yael having moved the prime minister's operation to buy the family more time, her captors are desperate to get it back on track. Yael is forced to use her wits to bring the operation forward again. Eyal must deal with his money problems to stop people constantly coming to the house, and cracks are beginning to show in the captors' relationships as a power struggle develops.
2214	Hostages	Episode 4	Drama	none	The Danon family and the kidnappers are surprised when a soldier turns up at the front door, except for Noa, who has been keeping secrets from the rest of the family.
2214	Hostages	Episode 5	Drama	none	Yael has to perform life-saving emergency surgery on Eyal. The kidnappers now have the soldier captive in the basement. Adam has to bring his team back into line before Alex jeopardises the lives of one of the hostages.
2214	Hostages	Episode 6	Drama	none	With Noa's boyfriend still captive in the cellar and Eyal still recovering from being shot, Adam is suddenly called away from the house. Yael uses the hospital records to try to identify him. Assaf strikes a private bargain with one of their captors.
2214	Hostages	Episode 7	Drama	none	Yonatan is determined to get Noa out of the house, even if it means leaving her parents behind. Yael challenges Eyal about his secret money problems. She finds an ally outside the house but cannot risk anything by telling him she is being held hostage.
2214	Hostages	Episode 8	Drama	none	Yonatan has succeeded in escaping, but things do not go smoothly outside the house. Desperate to look after his children as well as win back Yael's trust, Eyal risks everything to save Assaf.
2214	Hostages	Episode 9	Drama	none	Noa has made it out of the house and manages to contact Yael's secret ally. Alex is becoming increasingly unreliable, causing tension among the kidnappers. As Adam's plans begin to unravel, Yael is on the trail of the kidnappers' accomplice at the hospital.
2214	Hostages	Episode 10	Drama	none	Yael has made enough discoveries about Adam to call his bluff. At the house, Alex has won his power struggle with Adam but gone crazy. Having something on Adam might not be enough for Yael to save her family.
2218	Taxi	Taxi	Comedy	10.0	The classic sitcom that zeros in on a group of New York City cab drivers. Lording over Alex (Judd Hirsch), Bobby (Jeff Conway), Elaine (Marilu Henner), Tony (Tony Danza), John (Randall Carver), and Latka (Andy Kaufman) is the one and only Louie De Palma (Danny DeVito). The snide and surly taxi dispatcher, from the safety of his dispatcher's cage, barks orders, hurls insults, and mercilessly berates the diverse and eccentric characters who drive for him. Along the way, they form a special bond, becoming friends and helping each other navigate the sometimes crazy road called life.
2219	The Guardian	The Guardian	Drama	none	Nick Fallin is a hotshot lawyer working at his father's ultra successful Pittsburgh law firm. Unfortunately, the high life has gotten the best of Nick. Arrested for drug use, he's sentenced to do 1,500 hours of community service, somehow to be squeezed into his 24/7 cutthroat world of mergers, acquisitions and board meetings. Reluctantly, he's now The Guardian - a part-time child advocate at Legal Aid Services, where one case after another is an eye-opening instance of kids caught up in difficult circumstances.
2220	Undeclared	Undeclared	Comedy	8.0	From Judd Apatow, Producer of Freaks And Geeks and Staring Jay Baruchel (Million Dollar Baby ), Seth Rogan (Knocked Up) & Charlie Hunnam ( Children Of Men). Experience college life as seen through the eyes of Steven Karp a freshman determined to reinvent himself at a new school. Faced with dilemmas as miserable as being "sexiled" to the rec room while roommates use the bedroom and as dire as confronting a girlfriend s jealous stalker-ex-boyfriend Steven and his new friends tackle the challenges of higher education.
2222	Xtreme Waterparks	Xtreme Waterparks	Action	none	From the world's tallest slide in Rio de Janeiro to a high-speed gravity-defying water ride in Orlando, Fla., "Xtreme Waterparks" showcases attractions that thrill even the biggest adrenaline junkies. Each episode features four crazy, over-the-top and fabulous water slides -- three in the United States and one at an international location -- highlight other great attractions around the world, and introduce extreme thrill seekers who dare to take the plunge.
2222	Xtreme Waterparks	Building The World's Longest	Action	none	Xtreme Waterparks traveled halfway around the world for an exclusive look at the longest waterslide on Earth, a temporary installation that stretched across 2,000 feet of New Zealand's beautiful landscape. From explosions to rogue sheep, watch slide creator Jimi Hunt meet crazy challenges on his way to achieving his epic goal.
2222	Xtreme Waterparks	Getting Wet in New Zealand	Action	none	Get ready to slip and slam down Mother Nature's Rere Rock in New Zealand. Then, plunge down the world's tallest trap-door slide in Kentucky. And finally, head to Georgia's gravity-defying combination bowl and half-pipe.
2222	Xtreme Waterparks	Getting Wet in New Jersey	Action	none	We're off to New Jersey's notorious Action Park to ride down the world's tallest double-looping slide. Next, piranhas await you at the bottom of Brazil's infamous Insano Natural. Finally, prepare for Argentina's death-defying, twin-racing slide.
2222	Xtreme Waterparks	Getting Wet in Fiji	Action	none	Over thirty miles of beach stretch down the coast of Galveston, Texas but if you're looking to hang 10, Schlitterbahn Waterpark is the place to be. The Boogie Bahn is the surf machine that sends a six inch constant stream of water to shred on. Only the pros have a chance to not wipe out on the vicious waves. Two of those pros, Brent and Miller are meeting with their friends Andrea, Vanessa and Liz for some fun at the park. They are putting away their boogie boards to brave Schlitterbahn's newest ride, the Screaming Serpents. The slide sits at over 6 stories high and takes 11 minutes to get to the top. Enough time to give the riders second thoughts. Every day, twenty people have to back out when they reach the top. Tucked away in the Pennslyania Poconos is the indoor waterpark called Camelback, a vacation destination for the New York and Philly residents looking for some adrenaline. Aquatopia is the biggest indoor waterpark in the Northeast and their newest ride is the World's only Venus Slyde Trap. Xtreme Waterparks has exclusive access to the ride before it opens to the public. Ashley, Dalmier, Britney and Christian are going to be the first riders of the Slyde Trap after testing has been completed, which is no comfort to Dalmier who is already completey scared of water slides. South Africa's Sun City waterpark was built inside the rim of an extinct volcano, combining safari and fun in the sun into one beautiful destination. This desert oasis is not for relaxing though, as the Temple of Courage challenges even the most fearless waterpark riders. It's the second tallest ride in South Africa that sends you down a sixty-degree drop, 230 feet total, in only four seconds. Wayne, Stephan and Pietrus are business partners getting out of the office for a day in paradise and a little friendly competition. Deep inside the rain forests of Fiji, on the island of Taveuni lives a natural waterslide made out of volcanic rock. Before going down the slide, Conrad, his brother Aaron and friend Anna have to visit the village chief to receive his permission. The village kids ride the slide standing up, with butter on their feet. It's a bumpy ride down for Conrad and crew that takes sixty seconds to get to the bottom and dumps you into a six-foot pool.
2224	Flipping Baltimore	Flipping Baltimore	Drama	none	"The Amazing Race's" Charla Faddoul may be small but her strength and determination is larger than life. Being brought up in an immigrant family, Charla is truly living and breathing the American dream by raising a family of her own and making real estate deals left and right. In this episode, we follow Charla, a real estate and investment mogul hailing from Baltimore, as she partners with investor and friend Marcus from Rehabber Pro to flip a house in 30 days. Charla has taken a new assistant under her wing and tests out his design skills, along with the strength of his back that she uses to climb on to see into the window of an abandoned building and possible investment opportunity. With mounting costs, a broken A/C unit, and towering trees looming over this flip house, will little person Charla be able to recoup her investment, turn a profit, and move on to her next big deal?
2224	Flipping Baltimore	Charla's Big Deal	Drama	none	Charla has taken a new assistant under her wing and tests out his design skills, along with the strength of his back that she uses to climb on to see into the window of an abandoned building and possible investment opportunity.
2226	Sex Slaves	Sex Slaves	Drama	none	On the streets of Chicago and all across America, the business of sex for sale is booming.
2226	Sex Slaves	Sex Slaves: Florida	Drama	none	Going undercover with the Polk County Sheriff's Office as they work to rescue girls and young women trapped in the underground sex trade.
2226	Sex Slaves	Sex Slaves: The Sunshine State	Drama	none	Undercover with the Polk County Human Trafficking Task Force in the suburbs of Orlando, Fla.
2226	Sex Slaves	Sex Slaves: Polk County	Drama	none	Undercover investigators in Polk County, Florida, uncover a minister's penchant for young girls.
2226	Sex Slaves	Sex Slaves:Texas Rescue	Drama	none	Houston in Texas is a human trafficking hub but people are now fighting back.
2226	Sex Slaves	Sex Slaves: Dazed and Confused	Drama	none	We return to Polk County, Florida and spend time with Sheriff Grady Judd as he continues his sting operations aimed at stopping human trafficking in the Sunshine State. Join MSNBC as it goes undercover in this all-new episode of Sex Slaves.
2226	Sex Slaves	Sex Slaves: Parlor Games	Drama	none	In the City by the Bay, and across America, massage parlors are increasingly moving into the business of sex for sale. This all-new episode of Sex Slaves uncovers the melancholy and desperation inherent to ‘happy ending'.
2226	Sex Slaves	The Desperate Game	Drama	none	The stories of girls and women trapped in the underground world of sex trafficking.
2226	Sex Slaves	Vegas Escorts	Drama	none	Police and prosecutors combat the underground sex trade in Las Vegas.
2226	Sex Slaves	In the Suburbs	Drama	none	Traffickers kidnap American girls and coerce them into the sex industry.
2228	Gomorrah	Gomorrah	Drama	9.0	A 12-episode long trip dwelving into the Savastano family affairs, an outstanding depiction of a world where you never know if the next morning is going to come and find you alive.
2228	Gomorrah	The Clan Savastano	Drama	9.0	Ciro Di Marzio, right hand man of clan boss Pietro Savastano, and Ciro's fatherly friend Attilio set fire to Salvatore Conte's home to cut Salvatore down to size – him, the ruthless upcoming contender on the Savastano clan's turf.
2228	Gomorrah	Do You Trust Me?	Drama	9.0	Ciro knows the time for revenge has not yet come, for the next major problem he has to deal with is always waiting around the corner. Like the bust of the Savastano cocaine shipment at the port of Naples where the whistleblower must be found.
2228	Gomorrah	The Mother and Home	Drama	9.0	Behind bars in Poggioreale, the boss Pietro experiences the strict rules of the prison and the cruelty of the Commander. Meanwhile, Cyrus and Genny manage the urgent business of the clan.
2228	Gomorrah	African Blood	Drama	9.0	With Pietro gone, it is Imma who surprisingly starts to take care of business. With a couple of clever moves and a lot of courage she is suddenly in the pole position. Ciro has to take his orders from her now, with particular concern to her son Genny.
2228	Gomorrah	The Roar of the Lioness	Drama	9.0	Imma convinces Genny to go on a mission to the clan's drug-trafficking sources in Honduras, Ciro leaves for Spain. His assignment is to find Conte and negotiate a truce between the clans. Ciro returns to Naples only to realize nothing is as it was before.
2228	Gomorrah	Spanish Roulette	Drama	9.0	Ciro realizes Imma had sent him away to pave her own road to power. Disapproving of the way she runs business, he sets up his own operation, to demean Imma's role within the clan. But Imma has learned quite well how to play the power-game herself.
2228	Gomorrah	Imma Against All	Drama	9.0	It has become clear that Imma has Pietro's blessing and Ciro realizes that his strategy must once again be to toe the line while Imma starts to restructure the Savastano business empire. But things are bound to change when Genny returns from Honduras.
2228	Gomorrah	White Card	Drama	9.0	Genny has strikingly changed and no longer needs his family or his mentor Ciro. He takes matters into his own hands. Keeping Ciro at a distance, Genny might just have to be careful when he demands subordination and loyalty. Does Ciro have a secret agenda?
2228	Gomorrah	Gelsomina Verde	Drama	9.0	Genny plans to lead the gang towards a bright and prosperous future, but Ciro tries to stop this by sending someone to kill Salvatore Conte's right-hand man in Naples. Genny sends out word that he had nothing to do with the hit, fully aware of its potentially disastrous consequences: for him and the entire clan.
2228	Gomorrah	Now We Get Conte	Drama	9.0	Major bloodshed, if not all-out war, is imminent as Conte returns to Naples to avenge Giuliano's murder, and Ciro weaves his web further around Genny to distract him from the coup he is plotting. Imma receives a visit from Daniele's desperate mother, who begs her to spare her son's life - but Conte also has him in his sights.
2228	Gomorrah	100 Ways to Kill	Drama	9.0	Genny is cornered when the Savastanos' rivals rally around Conte to help exact revenge for Daniele's death, and he also faces trouble within his own ranks as a deadly battle erupts between his supporters and the old lieutenants. Imma is forced to intervene and manages to establish a fragile order within the clan, as well as realising that Ciro is behind this war.
2228	Gomorrah	The Immortals	Drama	9.0	War breaks out on the streets of Naples and Ciro flees to Rome with his wife and daughter as both clans barricade themselves in their apartment bunkers, entering into a lethal stalemate. Meanwhile, a vengeful Genny hunts down Ciro, intent on seeking justice for his betrayal.
2232	The First 48: Deadly Sexual Encounters	The First 48: Deadly Sexual Encounters	Drama	none	THE FIRST 48: DEADLY SEXUAL ENCOUNTERS features updates on cases from THE FIRST 48, including all-new interviews with the detectives involved with the case.
2232	The First 48: Deadly Sexual Encounters	What Lies Beneath / Pistol Whipped	Drama	none	A man tells police that his boyfriend buried a body in the basement; a brutal public attack leads to a fatal shooting in Miami.
2232	The First 48: Deadly Sexual Encounters	Love Her Madly / Off Track	Drama	none	Police investigate a brutal stabbing and find a 911 caller covered in blood; detectives piece together the last hours of a shooting victim's life.
2232	The First 48: Deadly Sexual Encounters	Cold Light of Day	Drama	none	A Cleveland community is enraged by the brutal murder of a young mother found burned in the backyard of an abandoned house.
2232	The First 48: Deadly Sexual Encounters	Hot Lot / Blind Faith	Drama	none	Homicide detectives tackle the strange case of a shooting victim discovered in a scrap yard; a woman is found dead in a motel room.
2238	Colditz	Colditz	Drama	none	This is the story of a British prisoner of war in World War II who escapes to Britain, where he works for the secret service and falls in love with the girlfriend of another prisoner who failed to escape and was transferred to the prisoner-of-war camp at Colditz.
2238	Colditz	Part One	Drama	none	While World War II Allied Officer Jack Rose is held prisoner in Germany's notorious Colditz Castle, he recruits a band of fellow escape artists in the ultimate breakout only to discover that the greatest betrayal awaits him on safe ground.
2238	Colditz	Part Two	Drama	none	While World War II Allied Officer Jack Rose is held prisoner in Germany's notorious Colditz Castle, he recruits a band of fellow escape artists in the ultimate breakout only to discover that the greatest betrayal awaits him on safe ground.
2240	Another Period	Another Period	Comedy	7.0	Before others claimed their fame, there was one American family that stood for all that was spoiled, shameless and stupid. Meet the Bellacourts - Newport, RI's first family of the Gilded Age. They are The Original Ballers. They have tons of money, live in a big-ass mansion and employ a whole team of Fonzworth Bentleys. However, the Bellacourts' servants have to do a lot more than hold umbrellas. The original out of touch reality family is coming to Comedy Central in "Another Period," a turn-of-the-century historical and satirical scripted series that follows the insanely ridiculous and debaucherous life of the Bellacourts, who have more servants than relatives and whose days are filled with money, sex, drugs and more money. "Another Period" centers on the Bellacourt sisters, Lillian (Natasha Leggero) and Beatrice (Riki Lindhome), who only care about being rich and becoming super famous (which is a lot harder in 1902).
2240	Another Period	The Party Of The Century	Comedy	7.0	In the premiere of this comedy about an aristocratic family in Newport, R.I., in the early 20th century, Bellacourt Manor welcomes a new servant; a space opens up in the Newport 400; and the family receive a visit from Helen Keller.
2240	Another Period	Divorce	Comedy	7.0	Lillian wants a divorce when she hears that they're all the rage; Frederick and Garfield are smitten with a charming visitor.
2240	Another Period	Funeral	Comedy	7.0	Lillian and Beatrice stage mock funerals for their husbands; Peepers learns of his father's death from his estranged family, forcing him confront his Native American roots.
2240	Another Period	Pageant	Comedy	7.0	Chair receives a lesson in the art of servitude from Peepers. Meanwhile, Lillian and Beatrice get ready for Newport's Most Beautiful Pageant, but Hortense sets out to sabotage the event.
2240	Another Period	Senate	Comedy	7.0	Hortense falls for a chef who accompanies the Commodore on his return to Bellacourt Manor. Meanwhile, Frederick is subjected to a psychological evaluation to determine if he's fit for a Senate run; and Hamish tries to blackmail Chair.
2240	Another Period	Lillian's Birthday	Comedy	7.0	Bellacourt Manor's residents brace themselves for Lillian's annual birthday meltdown, and a surprise visit from Charles Ponzi brings a new business opportunity. Meanwhile, Hortense believes she's expecting, and Peepers falls ill.
2240	Another Period	Switcheroo Day	Comedy	7.0	Lillian arranges her own kidnapping in order to achieve fame as an abductee. Dodo orders Peepers to impersonate the Commodore and accompany her to a luncheon. Beatrice mistakes Blanche for a fellow aristocrat.
2240	Another Period	Dog Dinner Party	Comedy	7.0	Beatrice has a meltdown when Frederick brings home a fiancee, and Dodo goes through morphine withdrawal.
2240	Another Period	Reject's Beach	Comedy	7.0	Lillian's invited to a party on the beach by her new friends; Beatrice meets Thomas Edison; Blanche receives a strange letter from the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory; Garfield tries to hold the family together.
2240	Another Period	Modern Pigs	Comedy	7.0	Chair's true intentions are revealed, which sends Peepers on a mission to save the Bellacourts from destruction. Meanwhile, Lillian and Beatrice try to stop Frederick's wedding.
2243	Best Time Ever with Neil Patrick Harris	Best Time Ever with Neil Patrick Harris	Music	none	Five Emmy Awards and a Tony Award make multi-talented Neil Patrick Harris the perfect star for this live one-hour show that is unlike any other currently on American television. Complete with stunts, skits, pranks, audience interaction, musical numbers, giveaways and unlimited surprises, this show proves that anything can happen, and it can happen to you. Based on the wildly popular British hit "Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway," the modernized variety show format and its fearless, multi-talented star will make for one of the best nights ever on TV week after week.
2243	Best Time Ever with Neil Patrick Harris	Reese Witherspoon	Music	none	Reese Witherspoon serves as the celebrity guest announcer during the series premiere of this variety show hosted by Neil Patrick Harris, which features A-list stars, performances, stunts, comedy skits, mini game shows, audience giveaways and hidden camera pranks. Based on the British series "Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway."
2244	The Player	The Player	Drama	8.0	From the executive producers of "The Blacklist" comes the action-packed Las Vegas-set thriller "The Player".  The series co-stars Wesley Snipes as a pit boss and Charity Wakefield as the dealer for a high-stakes game where an organization of wealthy individuals gamble on the ability of former military operative turned security expert Philip Winchester ("Strike Back," "Fringe") to stop some of the biggest crimes imaginable from playing out. Can he take them down from the inside and get revenge for the death of his wife, or is it true what they say: The house always wins.Season 1 will consist of 13 episodes
2244	The Player	Pilot	Drama	8.0	Special op turned security expert, Alex Kane, is unable to catch his ex-wife Ginny's murderer. In searching for justice Kane crosses paths with a shadowy organization, called the House, led by Mr. Johnson and Cassandra King. Kane reluctantly joins forces with the elite organization whose members bet on whether he can stop future crimes.
2244	The Player	Ante Up	Drama	8.0	Alex Kane is sent to stop a diamond heist and runs into an old colleague that wants information. Mr. Johnson and Cassandra King intervene and threaten to call off the bets. Finally, Kane attends Ginny's funeral and uncovers some shocking evidence about her murder.
2244	The Player	L.a. Takedown	Drama	8.0	Alex enlists a friend to investigate Ginny's murder even further, but Mr. Johnson intervenes. Meanwhile, Kane and Cassandra head to the city of angels to stop a sniper from executing a drug cartel's plan for revenge. Detective Brown assists the FBI in an investigation regarding missing ex-special ops in Vegas.
2244	The Player	The Big Blind	Drama	8.0	Detective Brown uncovers the truth about a hit man and in turn arrests Alex's client. Alex continues to look for clues regarding Ginny's murder with the help of Mr. Johnson, but Cassandra is one step ahead of them with her own agenda.
2245	Truth Be Told	Truth Be Told	Comedy	none	If you can think it, they will say it. From the producer of "Ride Along" and the director of "How I Met Your Mother" comes this unabashed new comedy about two diverse couples, who are both neighbors and best friends. As they go through life side by side, they can't help but analyze and obsess about EVERYTHING. From topics like sex and race, to the fact that the trusted new babysitter might just be a porn star, nothing is out of bounds for this wildly outspoken foursome.
2246	Chicago Med	Chicago Med	Drama	9.0	"An emotional thrill ride through the day-to-day chaos of the city's most explosive hospital and the courageous team of doctors who hold it together. This is one of those days."Emmy Award-winning executive producer Dick Wolf delivers "Chicago Med" - the newest installment of the compelling "Chicago" franchise - an emotional thrill ride through the day-to-day chaos of the city's newest state-of-the-art trauma center and into the lives of the courageous doctors, nurses and staff who hold it all together.Bold and ever-capable E.R. attending physician Dr. Connor Rhodes (Colin Donnell) is the newest doctor on staff at Chicago Med. Dr. Will Halstead (Nick Gehlfuss) is an Ivy League-trained trauma surgeon and brother of CPD's Det. Jay Halstead (Jesse Lee Soffer). Halstead practiced medicine in New York for 10 years before returning to his Windy City roots and is the epitome of reliability, both in and out of the hospital. Dr. Daniel Charles (Oliver Platt), Med's Chief of Psychiatry, possesses remarkable insight into his patients and is off-the-charts intelligent in all subjects but his own personal life. Sharon Goodwin (S. Epatha Merkerson), the venerable head of Chicago Med, expects the very best from her people as she balances the tremendous pressures of running the city's largest hospital, and always with a sense of humanity that allows her doctors to provide the very best care possible.Dr. Natalie Manning (Torrey DeVitto) specializes in emergency pediatric medicine and is completely focused and dedicated to her patients, despite being in the third trimester of her pregnancy. Dr. Ethan Choi (Brian Tee) found his calling in medicine while serving as a Navy flight surgeon. Currently on away rotation, he is a tireless yet impulsive doctor who is well-versed in infectious diseases. First-year intern Dr. Sarah Reese (Rachel DiPillo) is a super proficient overachiever who has never struggled at anything, but who may soon find that, for the first time, she's in over her head. April Sexton (Yaya DaCosta) is a smart, bold and intuitive ER nurse who is the lifeblood of the emergency room. She loves the action inside the hospital and is as loyal as they come. Marlyne Barrett will play Maggie, a multi-tasking force of nature, a battle-ax with wit and sass.Together, they will confront Chicago's most critical medical cases and challenging ethical dilemmas with courage, compassion and state-of-the-art treatment. Inspired by ripped-from-the-headlines cases, "Chicago Med" will weave cutting-edge medicine with the personal drama that comes with working in such a high-intensity environment. Through it all, familiar faces from "Chicago Fire" and "Chicago P.D." will intertwine with Chicago's newest medical heroes.Dick Wolf, Andrew Schneider, Diane Frolov, Matt Olmstead, Michael Brandt, Derek Haas, Danielle Gelber, Arthur Forney and Peter Jankowski are executive producers."Chicago Med" is produced by Universal Television and Wolf Films.
2247	Residue	Residue	Horror	6.3	An unnamed UK metropolis. The future. Photojournalist Jennifer Preston is investigating the aftermath of a freak explosion known as 'the Catastrophe' that ripped through the city on New Year's Eve. A sprawling, militarized Quarantine Zone has been erected around the blast site; nobody goes in and nobody comes out.As unexplained acts of violence erupt across the city, Jennifer begins to notice strange, ephemeral phantoms in her photographs and her investigation becomes a race against time. Can she discover the cause of the Catastrophe before the dangerous and powerful conspirators orchestrating events get to her and those closest to her?
2247	Residue	Episode 1	Horror	6.3	After an explosion tears apart an English city, a photojournalist Jennifer Preston notices people acting strangely and ghostly images in her pictures.
2247	Residue	Episode 2	Horror	6.3	Jennifer has trouble convincing her boyfriend of the ghostly phenomena until he learns that his colleagues at the Home Office have lied to him.
2247	Residue	Episode 3	Horror	6.3	When Jonas vanishes and Mathis becomes the prime suspect in a murder, Jennifer discovers that the conspiracy is greater than she ever imagined.
2248	The Politician's Husband	The Politician's Husband	Drama	none	A drama about the shifting power in a marriage when the personal and political collide.
2248	The Politician's Husband	Episode 1	Drama	none	Aiden and Freya Hoynes are the golden couple of British politics. Aiden resigns from cabinet in a failed leadership bid thwarted by his best friend Bruce Babbish. In the cabinet reshuffle, Freya is appointed to cabinet, whilst Aiden returns to the back benches and a life of political obscurity. Finally out of her husband's shadow, Freya is forced to choose between her own career ambitions and publicly supporting her husband.
2248	The Politician's Husband	Episode 2	Drama	none	Driven by a desire to avenge his own downfall, Aiden plots against his old friend Bruce. He is also spending more time at home looking after the children and particularly their Asperger's son, Noah. As he sits on the side-lines watching his wife's meteoric rise, Aiden is increasingly consumed with jealousy and paranoia. Unable to accept his wife's new-found success or forgive her betrayal, Aiden begins to plot Freya's downfall as well as Bruce's.
2248	The Politician's Husband	Episode 3	Drama	none	Aiden has to defend himself in an embarrassing sex scandal that threatens to derail any chance of a political comeback and also further threatens his marriage. As he wrestles both back from the brink he discovers Freya has been less than honest about her whereabouts and the time she is spending with Bruce.
2249	Long Way Round	Long Way Round	Adventure	none	Setting off from London, Ewan and Charley travel through some of the most beautiful, but often dangerous, terrain the world has to offer. Crossing over into mainland Europe, they travelled through France, Belgium, Germany, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Ukraine, Russia, Kazakhstan, Mongolia, Siberia, Alaska, Canada and three months later they arrived at their final destination, New York City USA!
2249	Long Way Round	Preparation	Adventure	none	Meet Charley Boorman and Ewan McGregor. The pair met on the set of 'Serpant's Kiss' and have since forged a firm and lasting friendship. Now meet their dream: to ride their motorbikes around the world.Ewan and Charley start mapping out their route, talking through the countries that will make up their 'Long Way Round' the world.
2249	Long Way Round	London to Volgograd	Adventure	none	Ewan and Charley are finally on the road, all happy and excited to be there. First stop Prague. Ewan and Charley enjoy playing the tourist: having a caricature done, seeing the sights and visiting the Church of Bones at Kutna Hora (both in disbelief as to what it's made of).After stopping in a fairy-tale town, Ewan and Charley head for the border into Slovakia and their rendezvous with the support team. Trouble arises in the form of forgetting to get the carnet signed at the last border. The difficulty causes tempers to flare and Charley and Russ have their first tiff. 'Negotiations' with the border guards finally grants them passage.Once in Slovakia, Charley and Ewan admire the landscape and stop to visit a castle in Bojnice which they end up getting thrown out of. Just before the border out of Slovakia and into Ukraine, the guys are warned by a local about 'grossa mafia' in Ukraine.Arrival at the border yields problems as according to the officials originals of the vehicle ownership documents are essential (their photocopies won't do). The situation becomes a nightmare as Ewan, Charley and the crew are forced to wait for more than 12 hours at the side of the road with only the use of the filthiest and smelliest bathroom in the world. At around 2am they are eventually let through.Exhausted, they accept the invitation of a hotelier they met during the crossing delay. Deep in the woods they arrive at the expensive and gaudy-looking Kamelot hotel, and are immediately suspicious but uncertain as to whether they should be alarmed. Next morning they realise that the hotelier was really just a nice guy who wanted to help them.On their bikes again, Ewan and Charley comment on how different culturally and yet so close geographically Ukraine is; like 'stepping back in time'. Unexpectedly they find themselves at in internal border (checkpoint) where Ewan kills the time by connecting with an old woman. Later in his video diary we learn how profound an effect their meeting had on him.They are now racing to Kiev desperate to keep their 3pm appointment with UNICEF. They are pulled over for speeding but the policeman just wanted to talk about football with them. Once in Kiev, Ewan and Charley visit UNICEF's project with the children of Chernobyl. The visit reveals the importance of the charity's role in the trip (i.e. that it's more than just a vanity project).A wander round the festive streets and their visit to Kiev is rounded off by sampling the famous Chicken Kiev.High drama takes place at a petrol station when Charley accidentally sprays Ewan in the eyes with petrol, though in discomfort Ewan manages to crack a joke about it. David raises the grave point that if Ewan's eyes are damaged the trip may have to be cancelled. A full eye exam declares that luckily Ewan is not seriously injured.On the map the guys judge how far they've come and have to go. They agree it feels like they've covered a lot of ground but it's not actually that far relative to the trip as a whole. There remains a "ribbon of tarmac" stretching out in front of them for miles and miles.Meeting some 'well-dressed' (mafia) men in a small town, Charley and Ewan are persuaded to come and stay overnight. Contrary to their expectations (small, poor Ukrainian town) their hosts' house is huge and very modern! Owner Igor relates his life story including how he is now an electronics salesman. A nice dinner together is rounded off by Igor dramatically descending the stairs with a guitar and a Kalashnikov in his hands. Cue nervous laughter when the gun is revealed as unloaded.Backed by Igor strumming and singing a traditional Ukrainian song, we see a montage of Ewan realising there are guns all over the house (and that maybe Igor doesn't sell electronics) and Charley standing with a dinner guest firing into the air outside. Ewan sings a U2 song in return.Next day the guys are taken to visit a coal mine, Ewan jokes about why they might want to take them down underground. A kilometre down, they see old-fashioned mining methods and working conditions.Feeling overwhelmed at the events of the last 24 hours, back above ground Ewan is itching to get on the road again but first has to deal with the townswomen wanting their photo taken with movie star Ewan and his bike. Igor's call to the border into Russia ensures that this time they ride right through.A short hop into Russia and they are on board a ferry heading for Kazakhstan and starting, Ewan's declared 'phase two' of the journey. David comments how things are going to get much harder from here on in; Ewan and Charley agree that what they've been talking about for months "is just around the corner."
2249	Long Way Round	Kazakhstan	Adventure	none	Ewan and Charley are on the road to Kazakhstan. They notice how both the terrain and people have changed. At the border they are met by a welcoming committee.Almost immediately they encounter the horrible roads they've been dreading. Claudio (the cameraman) falls first. Later Ewan admits to being scared about falling off and nervous about the bad roads.The second greatest problem for Ewan and Charley are the constant police escorts: the last thing they want, they are quickly growing very tired of them.Another welcoming committee which although the guys appreciate, they want to be unfettered in their journey.A light moment filming a herd of giant woolly camels quickly turns heavy. A very rattled looking Ewan and Charley tell how a man in a car just pointed a gun at them.Another police escort takes the guys to a roadside turnout filled with more police cars and television cameras. Ewan is confused and upset.A policeman offers his house as a rest spot. Ewan is exhausted and happy to sleep on anything. Ewan and Charley see themselves on the local TV news and realise it's impossible to fully blend in. A light-hearted moment before bed ends a long and arduous day.Another police escort delivers them into a full-blown media event. Charley voices how bad he feels for Ewan. They state they don't need any more police escorts.Free for the first time, Ewan and Charley drive to their first night camp. Ewan is giddy at the prospect while Charley is a reluctant camper. They wonder what else is to come.In great spirits, Ewan and Charley have a great visit to a UNICEF project: a school with an indoor-climbing wall for kids.More terrible roads: Ewan talks about wobbling all over and Charley, the experienced off-roader says they are the worst roads he's ever seen. On cue we see the guys struggling with their bikes in the sand.At their second camp Ewan reveals a bug bite on his forehead and explains how being scared of failing on the bike has exhausted him. Ewan is very down. Charley shares some of the same concerns.En route to the Aral Sea there is some respite in the form of tarmac. Ewan's forehead starts to swell in reaction to the bug bite. Bad luck strikes: Ewan gets petrol in his eyes again and in his ear. In his most revealing video diary we see his swollen face and frustration at having spent 15 minutes talking to his video camera with pause on.The guys reach a beautiful 14th century mausoleum. Ewan can't recall all the details of its story and notes he is now just riding along and meeting the people he meets.At a lavish luncheon for them - Ewan warns Charley that at these banquets horse penis is often served; lots of jokes follow about a suspect sausage. Ewan and Charley attend a 'goat polo' match and watch a traditional game of horseback kiss-chase. Ewan and Charley race each other on horseback.In need of pampering, Ewan and Charley go to a traditional Kazakh spa (bathhouse). The massage they receive involves a brutal beating and rubdown, through which the guys moan and grunt their way.The ever-present police are actually a help when they point out the road to a canyon the guys want see. The road back up out of it is almost impassable. After the canyon they bizarrely see piles of snow by the road despite the 105 degree temperature!Ewan and Charley go to a gold mine, a site they always planned on visiting. In typical Charley fashion he nicks a piece of gold-filled rock. A quick montage reveals the guys arriving at the Singing Dunes. Met by another police escort, they are too tired to resist this time and follow them into town.As it's their last night in Kazakhstan Ewan and Charley give in and enjoy a loosely organised show by local singers. They are invited home by a policeman and his wife and follow them back to their house. Ewan explains how he used to feel quite nervous but now it's quite normal to go back to strangers' houses for a meal and the possibility of staying the night. Confusion at the house; no-one knows what's going on. Exhausted and smelly the guys try out the banya (traditional sauna). Their hosts lay on an amazing spread of food and Ewan bravely samples the local speciality- boiled goat's head.In diary camera bites, Ewan notes how beautiful the people of Kazakhstan are for wanting to know about them and wanting to share themselves with the guys. In a touching farewell moment, Ewan finally understands the police escorts cannot be blamed as they were only doing what they'd been told.At a roadside café Charley successfully orders their last Kazakh meal using a picture book of food. Ewan is very sad to leave this beautiful country but excited to get into Mongolia. Charley is amazed they've driven half way round the continent on their bikes!
2249	Long Way Round	Barnaul to Western Mongolia	Adventure	none	Before Ewan and Charley enter Mongolia, they have a small portion of Russia they must travel through first. They are thrilled to be on decent roads again, and make good time driving to Barnaul, a rather large Westernized city.Ewan and Charley are taken by surprise by the stunning gorgeous Altai region they find themselves in. There are literally no roads in Mongolia as we know them. Instead, the guys must follow tracks marked in the earth by trucks.
2249	Long Way Round	Western Mongolia to Yakutsk	Adventure	none	Pushing on despite many setbacks, Ewan and Charley immerse themselves in the rich culture and their spirits are lifted by the beauty and kindness of the people of Mongolia. They know that the Road of Bones in Siberia (built by Stalin's prisoners) lies ahead and will surely test them further.
2249	Long Way Round	Yakutsk to Magadan (the Road of Bones)	Adventure	none	The boys are battling against the remote, hostile and marshy Siberian conditions, and lack of food plus impenetrable rivers and collapsed bridges. Their fighting spirit takes over and Ewan and Charley determine to make up for the lost time.
2249	Long Way Round	Anchorage to New York	Adventure	none	Ewan and Charley take in the wildlife in Alaska then head across the border into Canada and ride into the Yukon region. They meet the Firefighters tackling forest fires and a Welshman who takes them up in his aeroplane to view a glacier. After a visit to Calgary Funfair, Ewan is almost injured when a reckless driver causes a near fatal accidentThe duo reach America and stop at a Harley-Davidson factory in Illinois. They drop in to meet the guys from OCC, and spend the night reflecting in a hotel before the final day. They are greeted with a triumphant arrival in NYC leading a convey of bikers.
2250	Player Gets Played	Player Gets Played	Drama	none	Each episode of Player Gets Played follows one woman with a lurking suspicion as she uncovers the heartbreaking reality that she is not the only love in her boyfriend's life. After discovering the truth with the help of social media and friends, the ladies join together without letting the "player" in on their plan and plot a surprising reveal designed to teach him a lesson.
2250	Player Gets Played	Face The Music	Drama	none	Fatiah's crazy about her music producer boyfriend, Justin. But when she discovers that he's also dating three of his Instagram followers, including a mutual friend from grade school, these wronged women band together to take him down.
2250	Player Gets Played	Changing His Tune	Drama	none	Fatiah's crazy about her music producer boyfriend, Justin. But when she discovers that he's also dating three of his Instagram followers, including a mutual friend from grade school, these wronged women band together to take him down.
2250	Player Gets Played	Movie Night	Drama	none	Nyira's lifelong friendship with Mike has blossomed into a full-on relationship, but when she finds out that he's juggling two other girlfriends, the women decide to show him a movie he'll never forget.
2250	Player Gets Played	The Model Boyfriend	Drama	none	Meghan is head-over-heels for her model boyfriend Kevin, but when she discovers he's cheating on her with three other women, they decide to work together to cast him in the role of a lifetime.
2250	Player Gets Played	The Tinder Trap	Drama	none	Nikhol and Keenyn are a fashion-loving couple with a seemingly bright future. But when Nikhol learns that her man is trolling for dates on a hook-up site and has relationships with at least two other women, the women join forces and fashion a trap!
2250	Player Gets Played	Don Juan Leon	Drama	none	Jessica thinks her boyfriend is the man of her dreams until she discovers he's involved with two other women; she and the other women put an end to his philandering ways.
2250	Player Gets Played	Sweet Revenge	Drama	none	Ashley's fallen for Xavier, a suave southern charmer whom she met on a dating site. But when she discovers that her man is deceiving her, along with two other women, the ladies work together to plot a revenge that really takes the cake!
2250	Player Gets Played	A Perfect Angel	Drama	none	Stefany thinks her boyfriend Angel is the perfect guy, but when an internet search shows him posting online by another name and flirting with girls on the other side of the United States, she goes on a cross-country hunt for answers.
2253	I Escaped My Killer	I Escaped My Killer	Drama	none	"I Escaped My Killer" tells the true stories of women who were abducted by serial killers, and somehow made it out of their grasp...not only with their own lives but also with the information needed to break the case, save other lives and bring a monster to justice. A true hybrid of storytelling, half the episode is the harrowing, blow-by-blow tale of one woman's struggle for survival against the ultimate evil; the other half is the story of a killer on the loose and the detectives who doggedly work to track him down and stop his reign of terror. Artfully woven together, the two stories finally merge into one in the final act[s] when the stories naturally come together. Each woman who escapes and survives is the key to solving the entire case, the break that investigators have been waiting for. This new format sets the series apart from other survival shows that only follow a single point of view. Our format will show the broader picture from the investigators' whodunit point of view as well as the intimate story of one woman fighting for survival and for justice.
2253	I Escaped My Killer	Lisa	Drama	none	A 17-year-old girl is abducted by a terrifying man as she heads home from the late night shift at her part-time job.
2253	I Escaped My Killer	Jennifer	Drama	none	An 18-year-old woman's world takes a dark turn when she accepts a ride home from a stranger and faces an evil like no other.
2253	I Escaped My Killer	Kara	Drama	none	In Columbia, South Carolina, a serial killer snatches a 15-year-old girl from her best friend's front yard.
2255	Greg the Bunny	Greg the Bunny	Comedy	9.0	Can puppets and humans live side by side? In the world of Greg the Bunny, they can. Set in Hollywood, land of movie stars and struggling actors of all fabrics, Greg the Bunny (Dan Milano), a squeaky-voiced rabbit puppet, longs to live the high life -- one where he's got a job or something. Greg's best friend and roommate, Jimmy Bender (Seth Green), is a slacker -- not to mention a human. Jimmy's father, Gil (Eugene Levy), is the blunt and perpetually nervous executive producer/director of the low-budget (and low-rated) children's show, Sweetknuckle Junction. A cross between Sesame Street and Mister Rogers' Neighborhood, Sweetknuckle mixes the fun of trains with the joy of letters and numbers, and is brought to you by the human co-stars, Junction Jack (Bob Gunton), the conductor, and Dottie Sunshine (Dina Waters), the helper, with funding provided by the puppet co-stars, Professor Ape (Dan Milano), the scholarly monkey, and Count Blah (Drew Massey), the counting vampire. Off-ca
2256	Police Squad!	Police Squad!	Comedy	10.0	From the creators of Airplane!, the Hot Shots! movies, and Top Secret!, Police Squad! began as the brain-child of Jim Abrahams, David Zucker and Jerry Zucker. The series would later spawn three follow-up movies under the new Naked Gun titles. The series was set up to spoof the Quinn Martin Productions' police dramas of the 1960s and 1970s, hence the use of "In Color" by the narrator. The show's main staple of entertainment came from sight gags (such as a tow truck being a truck in the shape of a big toe) and misunderstandings in dialogue, mostly from people taking things extremely literally. Several great routines came from these misunderstandings that left characters in the scene very confused, but left the audience with loads of humor. Though critically acclaimed, it never did well in the ratings.
2256	Police Squad!	A Substantial Gift (The Broken Promise)	Comedy	10.0	Sally, a bank teller deeply in debt, robs her own bank and plants evidence that implicates a fairly commonplace man who was present during the crime. Police Squad, a special unit of the police force, is called to investigate a double shooting that happened during the robbery. However, the stories just don't add up. The evidence builds and points in Sally's direction, but it's up to Frank to find the clues that will put her away.
2256	Police Squad!	Ring of Fear (A Dangerous Assignment)	Comedy	10.0	Frank investigates a veteran boxer who lately has been throwing his fights. He takes the boxer under his wing in order to expose the boxer's corrupt manager. Unfortunately, the manger has kidnapped the boxer's girlfriend and put the boxer's title fight in jeopardy. Frank now tries to save the boxer's girlfriend in the hopes that the boxer won't have to throw the match so he can have a shot at rejuvenating his career in the ring.
2256	Police Squad!	The Butler Did It (A Bird in the Hand)	Comedy	10.0	The daughter of a wealthy business man is kidnapped on her 18th birthday and Police Squad swings into action. The main suspect of their investigation is the girl's boyfriend. When Frank and Ed listen to a recording of the kidnapper's demands, they hear the distinct sound of a tuba in the background, though it could also be a ship's horn. They search for a tuba store. When they do track down and find the kidnapper, the criminal fights back.
2256	Police Squad!	Revenge and Remorse (The Guilty Alibi)	Comedy	10.0	Frank investigates a district judge's courtroom after it is booby-trapped with a powerful explosive. The main suspect is a recently paroled ex-convict with a history of similar bombings. Upon questioning the bomber's ex-wife, Frank and Ed find she's more interested in getting charity than the fact that her ex-husband may be up to his old tricks. Frank and Ed discover the bomber has a showgirl girlfriend on the side. She has the perfect alibi for her boyfriend, but Frank and Ed wonder if she's really just covering for him.
2256	Police Squad!	Rendezvous at Big Gulch (Terror in the Neighborhood)	Comedy	10.0	The mob sets up an "insurance" scam that threatens several businesses and residents. Frank and Nordberg go to investigate. After a dance instructor is beaten up, they set up their own shop - a key-making and locksmith store - and go undercover. When the mob stops by to offer them "insurance", Frank dismisses their threats and the mob strikes their store. Frank ends up having the key to stopping the crime wave, largely because of the key-making and locksmith shop he and Nordberg set up.
2256	Police Squad!	Testimony of Evil (Dead Men Don't Laugh)	Comedy	10.0	A struggling comedian owes money to the owner of a nightclub. When his body is discovered at the bottom of a cliff in a car crash, all the clues point to suicide. It is later discovered that the comedian was also a police informant on a drug ring he infiltrated at his nightclub. Frank steps in and takes the place of the deceased at the nightclub in order to gather more clues.
2260	Crazy Ex-Girlfriend	Crazy Ex-Girlfriend	Comedy	none	A young woman abandons a choice job at a law firm and her life in New York in an attempt to find love in the unlikely locale of West Covina, California.
2260	Crazy Ex-Girlfriend	Josh Just Happens to Live Here! (Pilot)	Comedy	none	Rebecca Bunch is a successful, driven, and possibly crazy young woman who impulsively gives up everything - her partnership at a prestigious law firm and her upscale apartment in Manhattan - in a desperate attempt to find love and happiness in that exotic hotbed of romance and adventure: suburban West Covina, Calif.
2261	Bringing Up Bates	Bringing Up Bates	Family	none	Twenty-seven years ago Gil and Kelly Jo Bates tied the knot with no plans to have kids. Fast forward 19 kids later and this tight-knit family, seemingly too good to be true, has a tremendous bond but are far from perfect. As you will see, when you have a house full of 19 children, from ages two to 25, daily chaos is multiplied exponentially, but so are the joyful and poignant moments that life can bring.Led by devoted father Gil (49) and his loving wife Kelly Jo (47), the Bates do everything in bulk while staying true to their values and rules for the family -- which means everyone has chores, little to no TV, only dresses for girls (though pajamas are worn in private), strictly side-hugs until marriage (except for front hugs on special occasions), and more. With a grand total of 19 children ranging in age from two to 25, they are the definition of a "big, happy family." But lately -- as viewers will see -- their simple rural lifestyle in Tennessee is in a flurry of transitions.
2261	Bringing Up Bates	Meet the Bates	Family	none	Gil and Kelly Bates, and their 19 kids, are buzzing about the latest addition to their family; the first Bates grandchild! As the girls prepare to throw a huge baby shower to celebrate, Alyssa gives the family some surprising news of her own and an accident leaves the family shaken.
2261	Bringing Up Bates	Courtship & Marriage	Family	none	Erin invites her siblings over for a sleepover to help ease the transition from a full house to living with only her new husband, Chad. Zach and Whitney get real about becoming parents. Michaella wants to surprise visit her beau, Brandon, in Texas, but will it go against the family's strict rules of courtship?
2261	Bringing Up Bates	Bates Go Wild	Family	none	The whole Bates clan packs up and heads to the great outdoors! If you think packing for your family is hard...try packing for 21! Not everyone loves being in the wild and the entire family has different ideas about what "roughing it" really means.
2261	Bringing Up Bates	Training Up Bates	Family	none	The younger kids get a lesson on "Train Up," Gil and Kelly's method for discipline, and take 11 of them shopping for the ultimate test! Erin takes a trip to the doctor hoping for some good news.
2261	Bringing Up Bates	Nashville Son	Family	none	Budding country singer/songwriter Lawson Bates heads to Nashville to meet with a record label executive and a vocal coach, while Kelly, Gil and the younger kids start planting a fall garden. But with so many people offering their opinions, the task doesn't go as seamlessly as Kelly thinks so she calls for back up.
2261	Bringing Up Bates	Organized Chaos	Family	none	How does a family of 21 find enough clothes to last through the winter? Get ready for the Bates seasonal clothing switchover, where nothing goes to waste! In the midst of the chaos, the family is asked to sing at a bluegrass music festival... but can they all learn their parts in time?
2261	Bringing Up Bates	Welcome Grandbaby Bates	Family	none	Zach and Whitney's baby is due in less than 2 weeks, but the nursery is nowhere near ready! Lucky for them, there are plenty of Bates to lend a hand. As Whitney's due-date nears (and passes!) the whole family gets anxious to meet the newest addition to the ever-growing clan. Later, Erin shares surprising news with her parents.
2261	Bringing Up Bates	The Purity Ring	Family	none	Carlin gets a night out alone with her parents and they have a special surprise for her. Later, the Bates family visits Zach and Whitney as they adjust to being first-time parents. Then, Lawson sings the National Anthem in front of 15,000 people.
2261	Bringing Up Bates	Michaella and Brandon	Family	none	Brandon comes for an extended stay. Could his visit could mean bigger things for Michaella and him?
2261	Bringing Up Bates	A Big Bates Thanksgiving	Family	none	Get ready to give thanks... Bates style! The whole family heads to Gil's parents' farm for a super-sized family dinner. The family joins hands to say what they're thankful for. Someone reveals a surprise.
2261	Bringing Up Bates	The Bates Go to Florida	Family	none	The family hits the road to visit Alyssa and John in Florida.
2261	Bringing Up Bates	All About the Bates	Family	none	Find out everything you want to know (and then some!) about the Bates as they answer viewer questions and show some hilarious never-before-seen footage.
2261	Bringing Up Bates	A Birthday to Remember	Family	none	Gil is turning 50 and the kids want to surprise him with a huge party! Kelly Jo whisks Gil away for a romantic overnight stay while the kids get to work planning the festivities. When the big surprise is revealed, a teary-eyed Gil basks in the warm glow of being surrounded by so many family and friends.
2261	Bringing Up Bates	All Together Again	Family	none	In the season 2 premiere, the family celebrates their special tradition, 'I Love You Day,' with surprise gifts (and surprise guests) for the whole family. Gil and Kelly Jo host a special 'game night' just for the couples and everyone joins together to prepare for Alyssa's baby shower!
2261	Bringing Up Bates	Future In Laws?	Family	none	Gil, Kelly Jo and Michael head to Chicago to see Brandon's parents. Brandon corners Gil for a 'heart to heart' talk in the most unlikely of places! Meanwhile, back in Tennessee, Erin and the kids rush to redecorate their parent's bedroom before Gil and Kelly Jo get back.
2261	Bringing Up Bates	High Risks, High Hopes	Family	none	Erin and Chad meet with Dr. Vick to discuss the risk of having a stillbirth and the precautions they must take for the rest of her pregnancy. Later, the couple invites Zach, Whitney and baby Bradley over for dinner while the older boys square off against the younger ones in a giant Airsoft battle!
2261	Bringing Up Bates	Meema Moves In	Family	none	Gil and Kelly Jo take Trace and Josie to the orthodontist to get braces, and Gil reveals how he can afford orthodontia for so many kids. Later, Kelly Jo's mother Meema announces that she wants to live closer to the kids. So Kelly Jo takes her house hunting, but the task proves tougher than anyone could have imagined.
2261	Bringing Up Bates	Blessings... and New Beginnings?	Family	none	With Erin and Chad's due date looming, the whole family gathers for their baby shower. Erin's friend Kelsey comes for the occasion and helps put together a sentimental surprise that leaves Erin speechless. Nathan and Lawson's friends from New York, Ashley and Anastasia, also visit and the kids have fun showing these city folk a real country adventure!
2261	Bringing Up Bates	Doctor's Orders	Family	none	Erin has been experiencing early contractions, so she and Chad rush to their doctor, to find out what's wrong. Meanwhile, Michael and Brandon discover how stressful it can be to plan a wedding long distance via video chat.
2261	Bringing Up Bates	Life Lessons	Family	none	How do the Bates educate 19 kids on their own? Kelly Jo takes us inside her schoolroom and shows us the tricks to homeschooling so many children, all at different grade levels. Meanwhile, Tori continues her education at Crown College and Nathan takes to the skies in flight school.
2261	Bringing Up Bates	The Wedding To-Do List	Family	none	Michael and Brandon meet with a wedding planner to go over all the details of their upcoming nuptials. Meanwhile, Lawson learns he has to have his wisdom teeth removed and gets very nervous about the impending surgery.
2261	Bringing Up Bates	Erin's Little Miracle	Family	none	Erin and Chad have their final appointment with Dr. Vick and anxiously await the arrival of their baby. Since the delivery is a high-risk procedure, the family is on pins and needles, hoping and praying that all goes well.
2263	Beyond Scared Straight: Back Talk	Beyond Scared Straight: Back Talk	Drama	none	Beyond Scared Straight: Back Talk features brand-new footage and interviews with the participants involved in original episodes of Beyond Scared Straight. Each episode of Beyond Scared Straight: Back Talk focuses on a different prison program in the United States, following four or five at-risk teens as they attend the program and experience their intensive one-day in-prison session. The program then follows up with them one-month later to see the lasting impressions the program has left on them.
2263	Beyond Scared Straight: Back Talk	Oneida County, NY	Drama	none	A teen visitor to the Oneida County Correctional Facility in central New York takes a seat in a restraint chair, while another young hoodlum gets handcuffed before he even enters the joint.
2263	Beyond Scared Straight: Back Talk	Richland County, S.C.	Drama	none	A Texas mother sends her three troublesome daughters to an overnight jail program in Richland County, South Carolina.
2263	Beyond Scared Straight: Back Talk	Jessup Correctional Institution, Maryland	Drama	none	Convicted murderers and other menacing inmates harass five troublesome teens visiting the Jessup Correctional Institution in Maryland.
2263	Beyond Scared Straight: Back Talk	Mecklenburg County, N.C.	Drama	none	At-risk teens meet terrifying inmates and a no-nonsense female deputy while spending some time in the Mecklenburg County Jail.
2263	Beyond Scared Straight: Back Talk	Hampton Roads Regional Jail, VA	Drama	none	A teenage pyromaniac experiences life in Virginia's Hampton Roads Regional Jail, where his mother works as a deputy.
2263	Beyond Scared Straight: Back Talk	Suffolk County, Mass.: Boys	Drama	none	Boston teens face rival gang members whose local loyalties persist behind bars when they tour the Suffolk County Jail in Massachusetts.
2263	Beyond Scared Straight: Back Talk	San Bernardino County, CA Girls	Drama	none	A defiant teenage gang member causes trouble while incarcerated, leading to a physical confrontation.
2264	American Takedown	American Takedown	Drama	none	From Executive Producer Morgan Spurlock, the new series AmericanTakedown goes behind the scenes of cases as tactical law-enforcement units work to apprehend America's most dangerous criminals.
2264	American Takedown	Drug Trafficking	Drama	none	The U.S. Coast Guard's Maritime Safety and Security Team attempts to intercept a go-fast boat containing $7 million of cocaine.
2264	American Takedown	Dog Fighting	Drama	none	The Humane Society of the United States works with Tennessee law enforcement to nab a man allegedly breeding, training and selling dogs for dog fighting.
2264	American Takedown	White Collar Fraud	Drama	none	The Florida Department of Financial Services gathers evidence against a chiropractic insurance fraud ring in an effort to curb escalating automobile insurance rates.
2264	American Takedown	Human Trafficking	Drama	none	The St. Paul Human Trafficking Unit gathers evidence against four individuals suspected of recruiting young woman for prostitution.
2264	American Takedown	Sexual Assault	Drama	none	Cuyahoga County's Sexual Assault Kit Task Force will use DNA evidence to ensure justice is served for multiple rape victims.
2264	American Takedown	Border Crimes	Drama	none	Information on drug smuggling leads El Paso County's Border Crimes Initiative to uncover a narcotics stash house.
2265	Women in Prison	Women in Prison	Drama	none	Women in Prison is a new hour-long, three-episode docu-series. Indiana Women's Prison houses 600 inmates with maximum security and is the backdrop for this cast of surprisingly relatable and bold characters. A real-life version of "Orange Is the New Black," the program explores the lives of women who, often after one tragic misstep, end up on the wrong side of the law. Featuring profiles on a suburban soccer mom, a high school art teacher and a Preacher's daughter, these unlikely convicts confess to their shocking crimes and reveal how they've learned to survive in this hostile, alien environment.This genre-breaking format features two women in each episode and mixes the reality of prison life with dramatic recreations of how each of the characters ended up behind bars. As viewers get to know these women, they will be desperate to learn what crimes each committed, culminating in a shocking revelation at the very end of each episode.
2265	Women in Prison	Preacher's Daughter & The Soccer Mom (Hannah and Alicia)	Drama	none	Locked up in IWP are two unlikely inmates; soccer mom Alicia & preacher's daughter Hannah. Because of the horrific nature of Hannah's crime, her father is her only family to visit and Alicia is fighting for custody of her son.
2265	Women in Prison	Student and the Rebel (Red and Lara)	Drama	none	Prison matriarch Red is one of IWP's biggest characters, but loner Lara is one of its more introverted inhabitants. Both are coming to terms with their crimes as Red reconnects with her estranged mom and Lara bears her soul at the annual talent show.
2265	Women in Prison	Teacher and the Medic (Anastazia and Betsy)	Drama	none	Betsy Former art teacher Betsy made one foolish mistake that means she can never return to her previous life. She struggles with the lengthy sentence she received for her crime, but is learning to accept her colorless existence in Indiana Women's Prison. In order to build her confidence, she's using her time inside constructively and plans to share her teaching talent with her fellow inmates. Can Betsy rediscover the woman she was before she took a wrong turn? Anastazia Intelligent and articulate, long-termer Anastazia seems an unlikely inmate to be incarcerated for many years, but one snap decision changed the course of her life forever. Her shocking crime landed her a lengthy sentence and now she's faced with the impossible challenge of parenting her daughter from behind bars. All this because, like so many of the women locked up in this prison, she fell for the wrong guy.
2267	Best Friends Whenever	Best Friends Whenever	Comedy	none	During a school science class experiment, students Cyd and Shelby become unstuck in time, and end up bouncing back and forth between the past and the future.
2267	Best Friends Whenever	A Time to Travel	Comedy	none	Best friends Shelby and Cyd gain the unpredictable power to travel back and forth in time when one of their friend Barry's science inventions goes awry. With their newfound power, the teen besties try to fix the mishaps that spoiled Shelby's plans to ask her crush Cameron out to the school dance.
2267	Best Friends Whenever	A Time to Cheat	Comedy	none	Cyd and Shelby have trouble studying for an upcoming history test and try to jump ahead in time to steal the test questions; Barry and Naldo try to replicate time travel.
2267	Best Friends Whenever	A Time to Say Thank You	Comedy	none	Cyd wants to plan a special thank you for the Marcus family; Shelby tries to help but everything leads to a misunderstanding and a kitchen disaster.
2267	Best Friends Whenever	A Time to Jump and Jam	Comedy	none	When Cyd and Shelby revisit their favorite memory from middle school, they're shocked to find that the moment wasn't the same as they remembered.
2267	Best Friends Whenever	A Time to Rob and Slam	Comedy	none	When Shelby's new lab partner, The Rob, can't stop being mean and annoying, the girls travel back in time to try and find out why he's such a jerk.
2267	Best Friends Whenever	The Butterscotch Effect	Comedy	none	Cyd and Shelby go back to change the past so that Barry can meet his childhood science hero. However, when they return, they realize Barry and Naldo have changed as well and are now terrible rock musicians instead of aspiring scientists.
2267	Best Friends Whenever	Shake Your Booty	Comedy	none	When the girls are assigned to do a report on the 1970s disco era, they decide to travel back and experience the 70s firsthand and land in the midst of turf battle between the disco and punk kids.
2267	Best Friends Whenever	Back to the Future Lab	Comedy	none	Cyd and Shelby discover a major clue to the future lab memory and it is somehow tied to Barry's science mentor Janet Smythe, who also employs Shelby's dad.
2269	Star Wars: Droid Tales	Star Wars: Droid Tales	Action	8.0	If you've played with the countless Lego Star Warssets, watched one of the Lego Star Wars animated television specials or sat down with one of the many Lego Star Wars videogames, you know that the company that makes plastic building blocks and the film studio responsible for a franchise's worth of space operas, are a match made in lightsaber-wielding heaven. The sensibilities just mesh in a way that produces wonderfully spirited, irreverent entertainment. But nothing could prepare you for the out-and-out fun of the new limited series, Lego Star Wars: Droid Tales, which premieres tonight at 9:30 p.m. on Disney XD. Lego Star Wars: Droid Tales, is a five-episode miniseries that has an ingenious conceit: it's the entire Star Wars saga, told, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead-style, by C3PO (voiced, once more, by Anthony Daniels) and R2D2. The series takes place after the Battle of Endor that ended Star Wars: Return of the Jedi, as C3PO first recounts his adventures after being assembled by a young Anakin Skywalker. This first episode does a really killer job whittling down both Star Wars: The Phantom Menace and Star Wars: Attack of the Clones and even introduces a nifty wraparound narrative wherein C3PO and Admiral Akbar team up to track down his missing spaceship (just go with it).
2269	Star Wars: Droid Tales	Exit from Endor	Action	8.0	The "Star Wars" saga is retold. In the opener, a mysterious hooded figure steals a ship that belongs to Admiral Ackbar, and R2-D2 becomes an unwitting hostage.
2269	Star Wars: Droid Tales	Mission to Mos Eisley	Action	8.0	C-3PO recounts his adventure with the ``Star Wars Rebels'' crew in an effort to find R2-D2, who has been kidnapped.
2272	Depois do Adeus	Depois do Adeus	Drama	none	Com cada episódio a começar por um acontecimento relevante da época (do foro político ou social), recorrendo a imagens de arquivo da RTP, "Depois do Adeus" conta a história de uma época refletida nas "estórias" de uma família que, de repente, se vê estrangeira no seu próprio país. Este é o retrato da família Mendonça, desde o dia em que "retorna" a um mundo onde nunca esteve e que nunca foi o seu, até encontrar o seu lugar; bem como o retrato de um novo Portugal que, tal como os Mendonça, tem de largar o passado e viver o futuro.
2275	Angel From Hell	Angel From Hell	Comedy	none	When Amy enters Allison's life and claims to be her guardian angel, they form an unlikely friendship and Allison can't be sure if Amy is an angel or just nuts.
2275	Angel From Hell	Pilot	Comedy	none	Allison, a successful, driven doctor, runs into Amy, a larger than life, eccentric woman who claims to be her "guardian angel," and whose mission is to help Allison loosen up and see her life from a new perspective:
2276	Code Black	Code Black	Drama	none	In the new medical drama Code Black, Angels Memorial Hospital is the busiest ER in the nation. A "code black" occurs when there are more patients than resources, and you're either praying for a miracle or performing one.
2276	Code Black	Pilot	Drama	none	Puts her four new first year residents to work immediately on their first day at Angels Memorial Hospital, in the busiest, most notorious hospital ER in the nation:
2276	Code Black	We Plug Holes	Drama	none	After Christa saves a woman's life, she pleads with Neal to perform a surgery that will ensure the patient's reproductive future. Also, Mario gets into a fight with a patient after he delivers a diagnosis that could imperil the man's hockey career.
2276	Code Black	Pre-existing Conditions	Drama	none	The distraught mother of two sons who are in a devastating car accident. Also, Mario bullies Angus into performing an unnecessary operation but lets Angus take the blame when Leanne finds out.
2277	The Grinder	The Grinder	Comedy	8.0	"THE GRINDER" follows a famous TV lawyer who, after his hit series, "The Grinder," is canceled, moves back home and joins his brother at their family's real-life law firm - despite having no formal education, no bar certification, no license to practice and no experience in an actual courtroom.
2277	The Grinder	Pilot	Comedy	8.0	THE GRINDER is a new comedy about two brothers: one a spotlight-grabbing actor who plays TV's most popular lawyer and the other, a real-life, small-town attorney who has yet to find his spotlight. When his long-running hit series comes to an end, Dean (Lowe) finds himself at a crossroads in life and decides to move back to his small home town thinking he has the experience to take over his family's law firm, where he butts heads with his brother, Stewart (Savage).
2277	The Grinder	A Hero Has Fallen	Comedy	8.0	After the exciting and victorious Krantz case, Sanderson & Yao gets flooded with cases. Dean, in his usual fashion, wants them to pick the next big case. Stewart disagrees, but he realizes that telling Dean he can't do something only will make him want to do it more. Soo Stewart decides to encourage Dean and the plan backfires. Meanwhile, Dean inspires Debbie to go for a promotion at work using a "big dog" approach, which puts her job in jeopardy.
2277	The Grinder	Little Richard No More	Comedy	8.0	When a new couple, Lyle (Nat Faxon) and Vanessa Gerhart (Alexie Gilmore), comes into their life, Stewart and Deb deal with "The Dean Effect" - people liking you only because you have a famous brother. Meanwhile, Dean finds himself in a similar situation with Claire, the first person he's ever met who isn't affected by his celebrity.
2281	The Crimson Field	The Crimson Field	Drama	none	This series follows a team of doctors, nurses, and female volunteers working in a front-line tented field hospital during the First World War. It's a daily battle to keep the soldiers well enough to fight. Low staff numbers cause the hospital to become more and more dependent upon its female volunteers, though some people see these women as more of a threat than anything else.
2281	The Crimson Field	Episode 1	Drama	none	In the first episode, Kitty Trevelyan tries to put the troubles of her past behind her as she joins two other girls, Flora Marshall and Rosalie Berwick, to volunteer at one of the busiest war hospitals in Northern France.For the hospital workers, it's a daily battle to patch the men up and keep the war machine churning. Staff numbers are low and the volunteers are desperately needed, yet there are some who see these women as a threat.As the volunteer nurses settle into their first day, it soon becomes clear that no training could have prepared them for the reality of working near the Front Line. Before the day ends, the hospital sees the arrival of Sister Joan Livesey, but it remains to be seen whether her modern approach will be welcomed.
2281	The Crimson Field	Episode 2	Drama	none	The volunteer nurses settle into life at the hospital.Despite struggling with some personal problems, Kitty throws herself into her work, helping new patients Major Crecy and Private Byeford. Crecy awakens from the brink of death to find his troops have been decimated. Traumatised by war Crecy fears he will never be able to return to his old life. Beside Crecy lies Private Shoemaker and his Jamaican father who grapples with the heart-breaking reality that his son who defied the odds by enlisting may soon pay the ultimate price.Meanwhile, the hospital readies for a convoy of new patients. With resources stretched, Joan views it as a chance for the volunteers' skills to be put to good use, but Margaret doesn't think they are ready to take on these new responsibilities. Will the girls live up to Joan's expectations?
2281	The Crimson Field	Episode 3	Drama	none	Thomas wrestles with a growing attraction to Kitty, and Joan reveals a dark secret to one of her patients.While Thomas may not be prevailing with Kitty, he is having success on the wards with a pioneering wound irrigation system. Thomas's test subject is doing well, but a fellow surgeon of the old-school, Major Yelland, is dismissive of his techniques. Will Miles be able to placate his increasingly riled friend?A terrified patient faces court martial. There's little anyone can do, and yet, his presence unnerves the staff and patients, a constant reminder of the perils of overstepping the rules. This warning is particularly pertinent for some, as a proud Irish non-commissioned officer faces rebellion from his young protégé.
2281	The Crimson Field	Episode 4	Drama	none	As the hospital staff gather at a funeral for some of the patients, Joan is in agony not knowing whether her fiancé is alive or dead. Rosalie has seen Joan's ring and now watches her intently. Is the truth about to come to light?Joan's spirits are lifted by the arrival of 13 Tommies from her home town of Liverpool — known as "The Lucky 13." However, Joan discovers that one of them is much sicker than she thought, and finds herself the victim of blackmail.Thomas seizes his opportunity to pursue Kitty, but when she gets a shocking summons to meet with a mysterious figure from home, it's Miles who comes to her aid. Will Kitty face up to her past, and where will that leave her budding romance with Thomas?
2281	The Crimson Field	Episode 5	Drama	none	It seems Colonel Ballard would rather be with his men than at rest within the calm sanctuary of the wards. Yet, when Grace reveals knowledge of Punjabi and an upbringing in India, the Colonel is temporarily calmed. As Grace tries to discover what's made him so heated, another soldier, Private Gorman, seems focused on riling him further. Will Grace be able to unlock Ballard's secret before Gorman provokes him into a very dangerous game?Flora decides the volunteers should put on some entertainment to raise spirits, but as the pressure mounts, so do Flora's nerves. MeanwhileJoan is still waiting for news from her fiancé, and Jaco calls her to an illicit meeting, sparking a series of events which draws Joan into danger, risking her profession and potentially her life.
2281	The Crimson Field	Episode 6	Drama	none	Joan is hauled up on a charge of aiding the enemy and faces a possible lifetime in prison, and her actions send ripples through the hospital.Kitty's wracked with guilt that she knew about Joan but didn't stop her. She's desperate for someone to trust, but will she turn to Thomas or Miles?Elsewhere, Flora discovers Peter's brother, Jimmy, on one of the wards and happily reunites the siblings, but when it becomes clear that Jimmy is scared of war, Peter has a difficult decision to make. Rosalie, too, is feeling conflicted, unsure how to deal with her discovery of Kitty's divorce.As night falls some rules will be broken, others upheld and as the war machine grinds on faith, hope and love are put to the test.
2285	The Night Manager	The Night Manager	Drama	none	The Ink Factory and AMC today announced a co-production partnership for the television adaptation of John le Carré's novel The Night Manager. Multiple Emmy nominee Hugh Laurie (House) and Tom Hiddleston (The Avengers, War Horse, Midnight in Paris) will star in the mini-series, which is set to begin filming in spring 2015. Susanne Bier, who won an Academy Award for In a Better World, will direct.A contemporary interpretation of le Carré's espionage drama – and the first television adaptation of a le Carré novel in more than 20 years – The Night Manager mini-series will bring together love, loss and revenge in a complex story of modern criminality. The eagerly anticipated series follows former British soldier Jonathan Pine (Hiddleston) as he navigates the shadowy recesses of Whitehall and Washington where an unholy alliance operates between the intelligence community and the secret arms trade. To infiltrate the inner circle of lethal arms dealer Richard Onslow Roper (Laurie), Pine must himself become a criminal."The Night Manager is truly the whole package. It's a terrific piece of source material, great producers in The Ink Factory, a phenomenal writer in David Farr, an award-winning director in Susanne Bier and two incredibly talented actors," said Joel Stillerman, AMC's executive vice president of programming, production and digital content. "Beyond that, it represents AMC's continuing commitment to finding creative ways to work with the international community to bring the best television to our network – an initiative we have ramped up very quickly that has already resulted in multiple high-quality projects for our air. We're thrilled to be in business with the BBC and the fantastic Night Manager team.
2286	The Vanilla Ice Project	The Vanilla Ice Project	Family	none	Vanilla Ice is back to tackle his toughest Florida flip ever. The pop icon and knock-out home renovator has taken his biggest risk yet, investing in a high-dollar lakefront dump in need of a top-to-bottom transformation. That means ripping rooms to the studs, adding a new pool, a boat dock with a tiki hut and state-of-the-art technology all around. Will his champagne taste end up costing him a profit? Or can he and his crew flip this tacky mess and still come out on top?
2289	The Outer Limits	The Outer Limits	Drama	9.7	There is nothing wrong with your television. Do not attempt to adjust the picture. Like the classic 1960's series of the same name, each episode is an imaginative exploration of humanity's greatest hopes and darkest fears and include special guest appearances by Alyssa Milano, Ryan Reynolds, Rae Dawn Chong, Beau Bridges, Rebecca De Mornay and Robert Patrick. Winner of the Cable Ace Award for best Dramatic Series, this Emmy® nominated show deals with the consequences of such controversial and thought-provoking topics as genetic manipulation, alien visitation and life after death.
2290	Beach Flip	Beach Flip	DIY	none	"Beach Flip" is a new series where four teams hit the sandy beaches of Gulf Shores, Alabama to battle it out in an epic renovation competition. Hosts Nicole Curtis, Josh Temple and David Bromstad mentor four teams as they transform beachfront bungalows in need of a major makeover. The teams compete weekly to win a cash advantage until their properties are completely transformed from top to bottom. The team who delivers the highest increase in value on their beach bungalow will win $50,000.
2290	Beach Flip	Welcome to Beach Flip	DIY	none	In the series premiere, four teams take on beach houses stuck in the 80s and are given the challenge of renovating them to raise property value in just eight weeks. Assigned the incredible task of renovating and redesigning the Master Bedrooms first, the contestants are challenged to add value while staying true to their personal design styles. Nicole Curtis, David Bromstad and Josh Temple host, mentor and evaluate the finished spaces awarding one team $2,500 towards their renovation budget.
2290	Beach Flip	If You Can't Stand the Heat, Get Out of the Kitchen	DIY	none	It's heating up in the beach houses this week as the teams race to renovate the kitchens. With only five days to complete the kitchen challenge and a $3,500 prize at stake, everyone is feeling the pressure. The teams enlist subcontractors for assistance and have to figure out how manage all of the cooks in the kitchen. Josh Temple is this week's mentor and judge.
2290	Beach Flip	Room With a View	DIY	none	It's week three of the beach flip and the contestants tackle the living room. Each team has three days to complete the living room challenge for the chance to add $4,500 to their renovation budget. The teams use inspiration pieces to help bring their design styles to life, keeping the $50,000 grand prize in mind. Nicole Curtis, joined by Josh Temple and David Bromstad, is this week's mentor and judge.
2290	Beach Flip	Guest Who's Coming?	DIY	none	With the mid-renovation appraisal looming, the teams pull out all the stops in order to add as much value as possible during the guest bedroom and landing challenge. At the end of three days, the appraisers return to assess the midpoint prices of the beach houses and determine which team is in the lead to win the $50,000 grand prize. Josh Temple and David Bromstad get their hands dirty as they help the contestants with their renovations.
2290	Beach Flip	A Few Good Dens	DIY	none	The contestants take on the office/den renovation in a weekend warrior challenge. With only two days to finish this renovation, the teams have to find creative ways to transform this room into a multifunctional space. Each team selects an inspiration piece to help channel their design style. With $5,500 added to the renovation budget and a $50,000 grand prize on the line, the stakes are high. David Bromstad, joined by Nicole Curtis and Josh Temple, is this week's mentor and judge.
2290	Beach Flip	Battle of the Bathrooms	DIY	none	In week six of the beach house renovation, it's time to battle the bathrooms. With two challenges remaining and budgets running dangerously low, everyone is fighting for the chance to win $6,500 toward their renovation budget. During this four-day challenge the teams harness their unique design aesthetics to make a serious impact on the value of their beach houses in hopes of winning the $50,000 grand prize. Josh Temple, joined by Nicole Curtis and David Bromstad, is this week's mentor and judge.
2290	Beach Flip	Little Fixes Big Value	DIY	none	The contestants have a chance at redemption as they amend past mistakes during the Fix-It Challenge. Each team has two days to address the judges' critiques and upgrade their beach houses. The pressure is on as it is the last opportunity to make meaningful changes that will add value to the interior spaces before the appraisers return to decide who will win the $50,000 grand prize. Nicole Curtis, joined by Josh Temple and David Bromstad, is this week's mentor.
2290	Beach Flip	And the Winner Is...	DIY	none	In the season finale of Beach Flip, the contestants join forces to transform the shared outdoor spaces of their beach houses. Hosts Nicole Curtis, Josh Temple and David Bromstad mentor the teams during the final challenge. The region's top appraisers return to determine which team added the most value to their beach house over the course of the renovation. The team with the highest percentage increase in value wins $50,000 and a spread in HGTV magazine.
2300	Into The Badlands	Into The Badlands	Action	none	"Into the Badlands" is a genre-bending martial arts series very loosely based on the classic Chinese tale "Journey to the West." In a land controlled by feudal barons, Into the Badlands tells the story of a great warrior and a young boy who embark on a journey across a dangerous land to find enlightenment.
2302	Doubt	Doubt	Drama	none	"Doubt" centers on a smart, chic, successful defense lawyer at a boutique firm who shockingly gets involved romantically with one of her clients who may or may not be guilty of a brutal crime.
2304	Desean Jackson: Home Team	Desean Jackson: Home Team	Drama	none	"Desean Jackson: Home Team" (formally known as The DeSean Jackson Project) is a docu-series that follows the life of NFL player, music artist, film producer, fashion label owner, music producer and label owner DeSean Jackson. Washington Redskins' wide receiver DeSean Jackson is literally at the top of his game as one of the most talked about and watched players in the NFL today. While being watched is a great thing, it means eyes are always on him– waiting for him to score touchdowns and waiting for him to drop the ball off the field. Even though he has the money and the fame, DeSean depends on the guidance of a core group of women including his "momager" Gayle, his sister and assistant A'Dreea, his publicist and his new girlfriend, Kayla.
2304	Desean Jackson: Home Team	Play Nice (Pilot)	Drama	none	Controversial NFL Star DeSean Jackson butts heads with the main women in his life… his mother and sister. Meanwhile, DeSean holds a secret that will rock the whole family.
2304	Desean Jackson: Home Team	Game Day	Drama	none	DeSean stays true to his crew while his mother and sister have other plans; Gayle receives life-changing news.
2304	Desean Jackson: Home Team	Breaking The Huddle	Drama	none	DeSean's girlfriend Kayla comes to town. Emotions run high after DeSean introduces her to Gayle for the first time.
2304	Desean Jackson: Home Team	Party of Five	Drama	none	Kayla prepares a meal for Gayle and A'Dreea but it doesn't go as planned; the family throws a surprise party for Gayle.
2304	Desean Jackson: Home Team	Two For The Road	Drama	none	DeSean and Kayla face an important decision about their future. A'Dreea invites one of DeSean's ex's to DeSean's house to appear in a photo shoot for her new business.
2304	Desean Jackson: Home Team	No Going Back	Drama	none	DeSean is forced to confront a deep family loss. DeSean and A'Dreea have a heart to heart with Gayle about trying to date again.
2305	Holocaust	Holocaust	Drama	8.0	This groundbreaking miniseries explores a decade in the lives of the members of an extended Jewish family and a German lawyer who becomes a Nazi officer. As the horrific events of the holocaust unfold, all will face unthinkable decisions and fates. Featuring a superb cast that includes Meryl Streep, James Woods, Ian Holm, Michael Moriarty, Joseph Bottoms, Tovah Feldshuh and Sam Wanamaker, the 1978 production won eight Emmys and two Golden Globes.
2305	Holocaust	The Gathering Darkness	Drama	8.0	In 1935 Berlin, the Weisses celebrate son Karl's marriage to Inga Helms. When Erik Dorf is unable to find work as a lawyer, wife Marta urges him to apply for a Nazi government job. Erik Dorf warns Dr. Weiss he should leave Germany. Karl is arrested and sent to Buchenwald concentration camp, and Dr. Weiss is deported to Poland. Erik Dorf continues to advance in the Nazi hierarchy.
2305	Holocaust	The Road to Babi-Yar	Drama	8.0	Inga is desperate to reunite with Karl, but her parents don't want to risk hiding her Jewish in-laws. Rudi runs away from their hiding place. Erik Dorf helps Heydrich plan and execute his Final Solution. Moses and Dr. Weiss are caught when the Nazis overrun Poland. Helena rescues Rudi from a patrol. Berta joins her husband in the Warsaw ghetto. Rudi and Helena escape to Russia.
2305	Holocaust	The Final Solution	Drama	8.0	Rudi and Helena escape from a long procession of Jews being marched into Babi Yar. They are eventually rescued from a hayloft by a group of Jewish partisans. Erik Dorf attends a top-level Nazi conference in which Heydrich gives Hilter's orders of the final solution for all the Jews in Europe. Karl Weiss has been transferred to Theresienstadt concentration camp which the Germans use to display to the Red Cross officials and representatives of neutral countries that Jews are being treated kindly. Karl learns that his fellow artists in the camp are creating propaganda paintings by day while secretly drawing images of the brutal conditions of the camp by night.
2305	Holocaust	The Saving Remnant	Drama	8.0	Erik Dorf complains to the other S.S. leaders that the executions of the Jews are not being efficiently done. An order is placed by Erik for Zyklon B (a lethal gas) for use at Auschwitz and other camps. Inga asks Muller to denounce her and have her sent to Karl at Theresienstadt. Felscher sells four of the secret drawings done by him, Frey and Karl, which depict the brutal conditions at Theresienstadt, to a Czech gendarme, which the S.S. get a hold of. Felscher, Frey and Karl are called in for questioning and then tortured, where Karl is the only one who survives and is told he is being sent to Auschwitz. He sees Inga one last time, where she tells him she is carrying his child. Karl dies the day Auschwitz is liberated. In Warsaw, Josef is caught for setting up the clinic to act as a front to keep people from getting on the train headed to Treblinka, and him and Berta with Mr. and Mrs. Lowy are sent to Auschwitz, where soon after they are sent to the gas chambers. Moses joins the resistance in the Warsaw Ghetto and they are successful in holding back 7,000 German soldiers over a three-week period, until they are forced out via a gas bomb and are shot. In the Ukraine, Uncle Sasha's unit attempts to shoot up a convoy, but Helena is shot and killed and Rudi is knocked unconscious. Rudi wakes up in the Sobibor camp, where he learns of a breakout being planned by the other prisoners and joins with them. He survives to the end of the war and is reunited with Inga in Theresienstadt, where he learns that Inga has given birth to a son, who is two years old named Josef, after Karl's father. Rudi is asked to lead a group of Greek orphans into Palestine. Erik Dorf is placed in custody by the Americans and after a brief questioning commits suicide via a cyanide pill hidden in the hem of his pants. Uncle Kurt Dorf visits Marta, Peter and Laura Dorf and tells them what really happened to Erik, despite an unsigned letter Marta is reading commending Erik's service to the Reich. He then tells them what Erik and the other SS men really were - mechanical killers. In response, Marta tells Uncle Kurt they never want to see him again. Uncle Kurt says he will not be silent about the truth.
2305	Holocaust	The Liberation	Drama	8.0	Rudi meets Inga in the liberated Thresienstadt, later revealing that he found out what happened to his parents and Karl at Auschwitz. Inga reveals that despite Karl telling her not to, she had the baby and named him Josef (after her father-in-law). Inga decided to take her child back to Berlin, to reunite with her family. The fate of Rudi is unknown at the denouement of the series, but he is offered a job smuggling orphaned Jewish children into Palestine. The series ends with Rudi playing football with Jewish Greek children.
2306	Rose Red	Rose Red	Horror	9.0	Dr. Joyce Reardon assembles a team of paranormal talents to investigate an allegedly haunted mansion known as Rose Red in this mini-series written by Stephen King. Can the team survive the horror that they uncover within the walls of this secretive structure? And how far will Reardon go to get the answers she seeks? Welcome to a place that evil calls home
2306	Rose Red	Part 1	Horror	9.0	Professor Reardon assembles a team of psychic's to investigate the paranormal activities at Rose Red in Seattle. When they arrive at the house, strange things start to happen and they begin to find out some of the mystery which surrounds it.
2306	Rose Red	Part 2	Horror	9.0	Part two of three. The team of investigators encounter bizarre visions and ghastly dreams, that intimidate and terrify the mansion occupants on the beginning exploratory days of researching the mansions background and corridors. Also they also encounter a restless night of haunting dreams.
2306	Rose Red	Part 3	Horror	9.0	In this final episode, the team confronts the spirits that haunt the mansion. The mystery about what happened at Rose Red is finally revealed. But will the group be able to make it out of the mansion alive?
2315	Shark	Shark	Drama	8.0	Sebastian Stark, a charismatic, supremely self-confident defense attorney who, after a shocking outcome in one of his cases and a personal epiphany, brings his cutthroat tactics to the prosecutor's office as the head of the Los Angeles District Attorney's High Profile Crime Unit. A group of young prosecutors are about to have the learning experience of a lifetime because, though Stark is seeking to redeem himself, he has no intention of cooling his underhanded approach to cases just because he's now working for the "good guys."
2315	Shark	Pilot	Drama	8.0	After a shocking outcome in one of his cases and a personal epiphany, Sebastian Stark decides to leave his job as a defense attorney. Now looking for a new job, he has been offered the position of director of the Los Angeles DA's high-profile crime unit, but with a twist - he will have to train a new team of inexperienced lawyers.
2315	Shark	LAPD Blue	Drama	8.0	Stark has a new case, the murder of an undercover narcotics detective by a drug dealer. He will have to deal with the murdered cop's partners, who are hesitant to trust or help him because he often used questionable means to win acquittals for his often-guilty clients when he was a defense attorney.
2315	Shark	Dr. Feelbad	Drama	8.0	A heart surgeon is accused of murdering his missing wife. The fact that Stark doesn't have any proof, or even a body, doesn't stop him. He asks his team to find creative means to secure evidence from Dr. Mitchell Sterling's home and obtain testimony from his eight-year-old son, Ethan.
2315	Shark	Russo	Drama	8.0	A couple is shot to death in a Malibu beach house, which they rented from a private investigator who knows dirty secrets about almost everyone in Hollywood - including Stark. The PI is under investigation by a grand jury and Stark uses that threat to squeeze information from him. Back at home, Julie helps a guy on whom she has a crush research a term paper while she lets her own studies fall behind.
2315	Shark	In the Grasp	Drama	8.0	Stark prosecutes three college football players accused of raping a female student at a campus athletic house. One of the players is the team's starting quarterback and is considered a first-round pick in the upcoming NFL draft. The case takes a hit when Stark learns the victim was in a relationship with the quarterback. Back at home, Julie tells her dad she is being suspended from school because she's been accused of plagiarism.
2315	Shark	Fashion Police	Drama	8.0	Four Latino women are killed in a garment-factory fire and the police rule it an accident, but Martin leaks false information to the press to force the DA's office to investigate. Sebastian isn't happy about it and says the case can't be won, but he gets pumped up when he learns a rival is defending the fashion company his office is going after. The probe reveals the company supports sweatshops and may be liable for the fire. Also, Julie gets readmitted to school.
2315	Shark	Déjà Vu All Over Again	Drama	8.0	After an 8-year-old girl is kidnapped from a park and murdered, Stark believes this new case could be linked to a similar crime committed 15 years ago. In the former case, the main suspect had been defended by Stark himself and prosecuted by Jessica Devlin, and the man had been convicted of the murder. Meanwhile, a young man tells Julie he believes his late father and her mother had an affair while she was still married to Stark.
2315	Shark	Love Triangle	Drama	8.0	A 16-year-old black girl is run down by a car and killed just after she left a party. The school the victim went to is mostly attended by rich, white kids, including Stark's daughter, Julie. Stark fears a racial war could break out over the crime but when the investigation is completed, it reveals a totally different story.
2315	Shark	Dial M for Monica	Drama	8.0	An assistant district attorney is gunned down along with a high-priced hooker in the prostitute's car. The investigation reports the victim had wanted to prosecute narcotics cases and not domestic disputes, and she may have been working the call girl on targeting a drug dealer with whom she had a relationship. Meanwhile, Julie considers going to the next step with Eddie.
2315	Shark	Sins of the Mother	Drama	8.0	A married socialite, who is one of Jessica's best friends, fatally shoots her ex-con lover but claims it was in self-defense. Also, Sebastian gives Julie the silent treatment after she stays overnight with her boyfriend.
2315	Shark	The Wrath of Khan	Drama	8.0	Stark goes after a millionaire arms broker who is supplying explosives to L.A. gangs that have caused three car bombings and nine fatalities over the past five months. Making things more difficult is the FBI, which wants to take over the case, but Sebastian won't allow it because Casey has been kidnapped and may be killed if the broker escapes the country.
2315	Shark	Wayne's World	Drama	8.0	Sebastian's new case seems to be the easiest one he could get. He's prosecuting a suspected serial killer accused of murdering five women and seriously injuring a sixth who was lucky enough to escape from his house. But the victim is reluctant to testify when she learns that the killer will be interrogating her.
2315	Shark	Teacher's Pet	Drama	8.0	Sebastian prosecutes the murder billionaire real estate developer who was making tabloid-headlines because of problems with his young second wife, Sonja. Both she and resentful 16-year-old son, Dylan, are the prime suspect of the case.Meanwhile, fearing for Julie's safety in the wake of his last case, Sebastian hires a bodyguard to shadow her whenever she leaves their home.
2315	Shark	Starlet Fever	Drama	8.0	When a popular 21-year-old actress is killed when her car is run off the road and crashes into a canyon below Mulholland Drive, an investigation reveals she and another Hollywood socialite had fought at a club before the crash. She also had ended a long-term and secret relationship with a man the same night. Meanwhile, Julie doesn't tell Sebastian about her attending a Hollywood party with Neal.
2315	Shark	Here Comes The Judge	Drama	8.0	The wife of an ultraconservative judge known for giving harsh sentences, who had also tried to have Sebastian disbarred twice, is murdered in an apparent robbery attempt at LAX. The judge becomes Sebastian's prime suspect when he learns the judge's marriage had been in trouble and he had been anticipating confirmation to the Federal Court of Appeals. Meanwhile, Julie plans a fancy dinner to say goodbye to Neal when she discovers he will no longer be her bodyguard.
2315	Shark	Blind Trust	Drama	8.0	Sebastian discovers the body of a 25-year-old woman when he is called to a penthouse suite by a close friend. Sebastian hestitantly agrees when his friend asks him for help. He subsequently regrets assisting his friend when the woman's body is discovered in a ravine the next day. In the meantime, Julie tries to muster the courage to tell her father she has been arrested for drunk driving.
2315	Shark	Backfire	Drama	8.0	After two cops are implicated in a controversial shooting that kills an upstanding black teen and also hurts his drug-dealing cousin, Sebastian is put in charge of the case. To find the answers to his questions, he must use an accusatory approach toward the two officers, but it doesn't take long for Isaac to disapprove of Stark's way of doing things.
2315	Shark	Trial by Fire	Drama	8.0	While Stark and Raina are prosecuting a cold-blooded killer, a convicted armed robber from another case enters the courtroom and takes everyone hostage and hopes to reverse his conviction.
2315	Shark	Porn Free	Drama	8.0	Sebastian must prosecute the murder of a predatory porn producer. The case is complicated by the fact that the killer is head of a women's shelter, who is being regarded as a hero by the media and the population of the city.
2315	Shark	Fall From Grace	Drama	8.0	In his new case, Stark goes against one of his former legal protégé. He must prosecutes the murder of a young professor who was pushed from the balcony of his wife's boyfriend's apartment.
2315	Shark	Strange Bedfellows	Drama	8.0	With the discovery of an 11-year-old boy who went missing four years ago comes one of the most confusing case for Stark. During those four years, the young boy was living with his kidnapper and was identifying himself as his son. Sebastian must disprove the kidnapper's claim that he was in fact protecting the boy from abusive parents.
2315	Shark	Wayne's World 2: Revenge of the Shark	Drama	8.0	An old friend of Stark is back. But this time, Stark gets a second chance at justice when he puts Wayne Callison on trial for another murder. Because of the exact same wounds as the previous victim, Callison is accused of murdering another young woman.
2315	Shark	Gangster Movies	Drama	8.0	When Sebastian's witness is blown away by a car bomb, Jessica Devlin agrees to help and decides to recruit Deputy District Attorney Danny Reyes from the Organized Crime Unit to help in the investigation.
2315	Shark	For Whom The Skel Rolls	Drama	8.0	Isaac's life is under scrutiny when the closed case of his fiance's murder his re-opened and that Sebastian's team will be conducting the investigation for the DA office. The relation between Raina and Isaac is also getting more complicated since Raina cannot reveal that she is working on this case.
2315	Shark	Eye of the Beholder	Drama	8.0	When the body of a 22-year-old surgically-enhanced aspiring actress turns up, the team begins working on identifying and convicting the killer. But the investigation leads to discovery of the exploitation of the victim's dream. Sebastian's team uncovers that the victim's plastic surgeon was exchanging sex for surgery with her.
2315	Shark	Dr. Laura	Drama	8.0	Jessica finds herself in trouble when her friend, Medical Examiner Laura Fields, is caught tampering with evidence in their murder case. When confronted in court, she accuses Jessica of having pressured her for a false testimony and to arrange the evidences to gain a conviction, when Jessica was the D.A.
2315	Shark	Student Body	Drama	8.0	The search for the bomber of a school campus and the killer of a co-ed leads to a young chemical engineering student who has been sending incriminating letters about exacting revenge on his condescending peers. But when the case is ready to go to trial, Danny is seduced by the student claim of innocence and convinces Sebastian to let him search for another suspect.
2315	Shark	No Holds Barred	Drama	8.0	After a popular ultimate fighter commits suicide, an investigation reveals he had been the third fighter in the league to commit suicide and the league CEO had been pushing steroids on the players. Following the results of the investigation, Sebastian charges the CEO with murder.
2315	Shark	In Absentia	Drama	8.0	Sebastian and Danny travel to Mexico to attempt to retrieve a defendant who left the country to avoid being prosecuted for murdering his business partner/mistress.
2315	Shark	In The Crosshairs	Drama	8.0	The mayor places undue pressure on Sebastian and his team to identify, locate, and convict a serial freeway sniper who is causing city-wide panic in Los Angeles.
2315	Shark	Burning Sensation	Drama	8.0	While trying to find an arsonist responsible for claiming the life of a firefighter, Sebastian's team finds that the man the firefighter died trying rescue was murdered before the fire began.
2315	Shark	Every Breathe You Take	Drama	8.0	A prisoner, recently released from prison after a five year stay, stalks and then murders a female tennis star. Jessica is guilt ridden for the death since she didn't get the conviction upheld.
2315	Shark	Shaun of the Dead	Drama	8.0	Stark has difficulty investigating the murder of a groupie when the singer and his group not only peddle their stories to the tabloids, but actively work against finding the truth.
2315	Shark	Partners in Crime	Drama	8.0	Sebastian's life is in jeopardy when it turns out the fatal shooting of his former law partner was supposed to be a hit on him.
2315	Shark	Bar Fight	Drama	8.0	Stark faces a formal disbarment hearing, and while he awaits the verdict a back-room deal with the State Attorney's office may save him if he and his team can put away the people responsible for Sarah Belkin's 1996 murder.
2315	Shark	Leaving Las Vegas	Drama	8.0	Although reluctantly, Sebastian accepts a seven-figure retainer to defend a crooked casino owner who allegedly murdered the head of operations at his casino.
2315	Shark	One Hit Wonder	Drama	8.0	Stark comes back to work at the DA's office when a talented young female musician is found dead.
2315	Shark	Wayne's World 3: Killer Shark	Drama	8.0	In the second season finale, Stark's nemesis, Wayne Callison, has escaped prison with one mission in mind: revenge against Stark through any means necessary.
2316	3AM	3AM	Adult	none	While most respectable folks are tucked in at home, the bolder and braver outlaw set are out defying the norms of acceptable and conventional behavior in a search for love, sex, fame, and notoriety that can only come as the clock strikes 3.
2316	3AM	A Night Is a Living Thing	Adult	none	Ever wonder where the night will take you? Buckle up for a penetrating joyride into the bizarre world of late-night NYC in this high-energy docu-series that weaves together the stories of five New Yorkers in search of that sweet spot where fantasy becomes reality. Series premiere.
2316	3AM	I Created This Monster	Adult	none	Kirill's insane lifestyle is starting to anger his girlfriend Lauren. Markus gets an opportunity to move beyond the velvet rope and into the world of stand-up. The Fat Jew tests his intern to see if he's up to the task. And we meet Va$htie a lovely and talented DJ who is trying to make a name for herself in the most competitive of cities.
2316	3AM	There's Temptation Everywhere	Adult	none	Kirill embarks on a road trip to Atlantic City to give his number one fan a night to remember. Markus is hosting a nightlife awards show, but a fight between him and Desi might stop the show. After a session with a kinky client Samantha starts to question the life she's living.
2316	3AM	It Smells Like Balls in Here	Adult	none	Josh takes his best friend out for a night of weird, including a voodoo ceremony in Canarsie. Plus, it's Kirill and Lauren's anniversary - and nothing says love better than stripper poles and a guy named The Punisher. Va$htie debuts her line of clothes and deals with the re-appearance of an ex-boyfriend. And Samantha breaks her rule of never dating a client.
2316	3AM	You Need a Freelance Boo	Adult	none	Markus dumps Desi and seeks comfort in the arms of a mysterious stranger, while Sam and Neil confront the harsh realities of dating an escort. Kirill finds himself on the receiving end of one of his famous facials. Va$htie plans a girls night out but a handsome admirer takes the night in a new direction.
2316	3AM	You Have to Find Your Own Resolution	Adult	none	Krill has a wild Bar Mitzvah party. Va$htie goes home to confront her past.
2316	3AM	This One's Just for the Stories	Adult	none	Excising demons at a voodoo ceremony; Sam has a risqué photography exhibit; Kirill celebrates his 30th birthday.
2320	Spy	Spy	Crime	none	The series follows a group of real-life volunteers as they are trained by former spies in espionage techniques, including maintaining a false identity, surveillance, persuasion and recruitment. The programme's psychological challenges, dramatic tension, high production values, and personable cast led to its being called 'the most addictive thing on TV at the moment' by The Daily Telegraph.
2320	Spy	Into the Unknown	Crime	none	Stripped of their old identities, the raw recruits meet for the first time in London on day one. They receive their first briefing from their 'tutors.' With no time to unpack, they are sent on their first mission: a real test used by Mossad, the Israeli Secret Service. They are given just 10 minutes to talk their way into a stranger's flat and be seen by their trainers drinking a glass of water on the balcony. After only 24 hours on the course, the recruits must learn a vital lesson: every spy can break under pressure. Without warning they are abducted from their safe-houses in the middle of the night and interrogated by intelligence professionals. They must stick to their cover names and avoid giving away any details about their real lives.
2320	Spy	Open Your Eyes	Crime	none	The wannabe spies hone their skills at 'going grey' - the art of mingling in a crowd without being noticed. The trainers instruct them in using effective body language and building an instant rapport with strangers. The recruits then embark on their toughest mission yet, which will test their skills of persuasion, nerve and the ability to think on their feet. They attempt to gain access to an office building (during working hours) and take photographs of confidential documents without getting caught.
2320	Spy	Under Cover	Crime	none	The greatest spies in history are those who blend effortlessly into any new environment. Will the recruits be up to the job? Their mission brief is simple – go undercover, assume a new identity and fool those around them into believing that they're someone they're not. Their trainers, real former spies, are monitoring their progress and have a devious trap to find the recruits out. Will all of them make it through?
2320	Spy	The Confidence of Strangers	Crime	none	The recruits continue their quest to master the spying game. Following the dismissal of the first candidate, the remaining recruits struggle with their feelings as they are taught the ruthless art of cultivation - how to lie and manipulate others. Whether it's gaining confidential information from a hotel receptionist or getting a total stranger to look after a sensitive document for them, the recruits will need all their skills of charm and persuasion to pull it off. The recruits' final, highly confidential mission is to win the trust of each other's nearest and dearest. They are to manipulate the person to gain entry into the family home and photograph the master bedroom without being detected.
2320	Spy	Too Close for Comfort	Crime	none	The art of surveillance is a core skill for any would-be spy. Working in teams, the recruits practice the basics of following targets without being noticed or drawing attention to themselves. The would-be spies are tested as the trainers watch and judge them on their triumphs and failures. For their latest mission, the recruits must use all their spy skills and put their professionalism to the ultimate test in a one-on-one surveillance mission in Brighton. They don't realize until the last minute that their target is actually their closest friend or family member whom they haven't been allowed to see since starting the course. If they allow their personal feelings to compromise the mission, they risk being thrown out of spy school.
2320	Spy	Safe as Houses	Crime	none	Having mastered observation and surveillance skills, the recruits are now faced with their first 36-hour mission. They have to mount a surveillance operation on the occupants of two target houses. They must break into target properties, plant secret cameras and bugs and fix tracking devices to cars. Split into teams, the recruits' relationships are put to the test as they share cramped and claustrophobic living conditions for the duration of their stake-out.
2320	Spy	Crossing the Line	Crime	none	The art of cultivating an agent is the core work of an intelligence officer. Teaming up in pairs, the six remaining recruits take temporary jobs at a barber shop, a gym and a clothing store. Their fellow employees are unaware that their new coworkers are spies. After working undercover cultivating and befriending a complete stranger in order to turn them into their agent, it is time for the recruits to complete their mission. They will have to manipulate their target and get them to cross the line of morality, by persuading them to lie, sign a fake document or help them in a legally questionable way.
2320	Spy	The Enemy Within	Crime	none	After six weeks on the course, the recruits have learned to rely on each other and have come to appreciate the value of trust and collaboration. But this time they will have to embrace the darker side of spying: betrayal. Two recruits are the subjects of internal investigations and it is up to their fellow spies to set a trap and gather incriminating evidence. For some this will mean the end of the course. Spy school is closed and the recruits are about to graduate to their final mission, but first they must pass the ultimate test of loyalty. They find out what it's like when a spy thinks their organization has turned against them, and that they've been left out in the cold.
2320	Spy	Out in the Cold	Crime	none	The tension mounts as the four remaining recruits are exposed to their most dangerous scenario to date and their loyalty is tested to the limit. The trainers have assigned all the recruits a mission that is truly impossible. Each recruit is led to believe that, having failed, they must leave the project. The recruits must keep their heads among false sex scandals and offers of vast sums of money from PR consultant Max Clifford. At their most vulnerable, will they give in to greed and hunger for instant fame, fall into the trap and betray their organization by selling secrets to the tabloids? As in the real world of espionage, any recruit who betrays their organization will face the consequences.
2320	Spy	End Game	Crime	none	The final three recruits have been tested to their limits and beyond in their bid to come to grips with the spying game. With their training now complete, the trio must undertake a final confidential mission abroad, working against professionals. Without the support of their trainers and unsure if they can trust each other, they must complete their mission without being detected by their target or the local authorities. There is also a final twist in the tale, as the recruits are followed by a real professional, an ex-spy, who uses his professional expertise to trick them. Only one recruit will return from this mission as the perfect spy.
2321	Labyrinth	Labyrinth	Drama	none	Labyrinth is a British miniseries based on the 2005 novel of the same name by author Kate Mosse. The mini-series establishes a connection between Alice Tanner, a post-graduate student in 2012, and a teenage girl, Alais, who is present at Carcassone during the Crusader assault in 1209. In the past, Alais, is chosen to protect the Three Books of the Grail, which hold the secret to immortality. In the present, Alice is drawn into a search for the books by individuals who will stop at nothing to achieve their goals.A German-South African co-production, the two-part series was filmed on-location in the medieval town of Carcassonne in southwest France and Cape Town, South Africa.
2321	Labyrinth	Part 1	Drama	none	PhD graduate Alice Tanner and 17-year-old Alais Pelletier from 13th-century Carcassonne experience an adventure that ends up intertwining both their lives. Separated by time but united together by a common destiny, Alice inherits a house in the south of France from an unknown aunt and suffers with dreams of a woman from the past. She discovera an archaeological discovery that will end up bearing witness to a genocide committed 800 years earlier on European soil, which will also lead her to the secrets of the Holy Grail.
2321	Labyrinth	Part 2	Drama	none	Alais and her friends attempt to protect the Book of Words from Oriane and Guy, escaping Carcassone and taking refuge in Montsegur. Meanwhile, in the present day, Alice discovers that the Noublesso will stop at nothing to get the Labyrinth ring and unlock the secrets of the Grail.
2323	Miranda	Miranda	Comedy	none	Sitcom starring Miranda Hart. It doesn't matter what Miranda attempts in life, whether it's dating or simply dealing with her overbearing mother, she always seems to fall flat, quite literally.
2327	Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell	Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell	Drama	8.3	Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell is set during the Napoleonic Wars in an England where magic once existed and is about to return. So begins a dangerous battle between two great men. Eddie Marsan (Ray Donovan, The World's End), Olivier award-winning Bertie Carvel (Restless, Matilda), Charlotte Riley (Wuthering Heights, Easy Virtue), and Alice Englert (Ginger & Rosa, Beautiful Creatures) star in the seven-part mini-series, which has been adapted from Susanna Clarke's bestselling novel by Peter Harness (Wallander, Doctor Who) and directed by Toby Haynes (Sherlock, Doctor Who).1806. England is beleaguered by the long war with Napoleon and centuries have passed since practical magicians faded into the nation's past. However, scholars of this glorious history discover that one remains — the reclusive and skillful Mr Norrell (Marsan). His displays of magic soon thrill the nation. In London, he raises the beautiful Lady Pole (Englert) from the dead and summons an army of ghostly ships to terrify the French.Soon the cautious and fussy Norrell is challenged by the emergence of another magician: the brilliant novice Jonathan Strange (Carvel). While trying to secure his beloved Arabella's (Riley) hand in marriage, he meets a vagabond, the magician of Threadneedle Street, Vinculus (Paul Kaye, Game of Thrones, Stella), who tells him he is destined to be a great magician. Young, handsome and daring, Strange is the very antithesis of Norrell. A dangerous battle ensues between the two great men. Their obsessions and secret dabbling's with the dark arts will cause more trouble than they can imagine.
2328	Mr. Sloane	Mr. Sloane	Comedy	7.0	Meet Mr. Sloane: fired, divorced, and about to experience life in a whole new way.
2329	Green Wing	Green Wing	Comedy	none	From the award-winning team behind Smack the Pony comes this quick-fire (and occasionally slow motion) genre-defying comedy, set in a surreal hospital, despite no discernible medical content...
2332	Mysteries at the Monument	Mysteries at the Monument	Drama	8.0	"Mysteries at the Monument" host and history explorer Don Wildman investigates the world's most impressive - and sometimes obscure - structures, statues and national parks to uncover incredible tales hidden within them.
2332	Mysteries at the Monument	Sickness of the Brooklyn Bridge, Day the Sky Fell Down, Stairway from Heaven	Drama	8.0	NewYork's Brooklyn Bridge is one of the most iconic landmarks in the world. But a mysterious disease once afflicted the many workers who toiled tirelessly tobuild it over the East River. The small town of Sylacauga, Alabama proudly displays a curious marble sculpture thatcommemorates an earth-shattering event that sparked a wave of fear and paranoia across the South. And California's Joshua Tree National Park was once the site of a strange plot involving the body of a legendary rock star.
2332	Mysteries at the Monument	Stone of Destiny; The Day Niagara Falls Shut Off; The Madness of Mary Todd	Drama	8.0	A famous London church; treks to a natural wonder; the palatial prison that housed a famous first lady.
2332	Mysteries at the Monument	Freedom Balloon, First Film Star, Therapy Dog	Drama	8.0	An iconic wall of a daring escape; a star that marks a Hollywood scandal; the statue of a pioneering scientist.
2332	Mysteries at the Monument	Harlem Hellfighters, Resurrected Jockey, Invention of Braille	Drama	8.0	A Harlem memorial dedicated to WWI heroes.
2332	Mysteries at the Monument	Savior of the Squalus; Man Who Saved Pisa; Candy Bomber	Drama	8.0	A memorial honoring a historic vessel; an iconic structure in Italy; a German park marks a tale of a war hero.
2332	Mysteries at the Monument	Pretender Prince, American Lunch, Lie Factory	Drama	8.0	A prison fortress in London; a sculpture honoring civil rights; the tale of a novelist who was a target.
2332	Mysteries at the Monument	The Real Q; Alibi Clock; Sasquatch in a Shell	Drama	8.0	Britain's M16 is explored; watch below the clocktower in Vallejo; a monument that honors a massive turtle.
2332	Mysteries at the Monument	Piggy Bank; All the King's Horses; Funeral to Freedom	Drama	8.0	A simple plaque that salutes a young boy and his pig; a medieval tower; historic gravesite with a flight to freedom.
2332	Mysteries at the Monument	Pickles Saves the World Cup; Strowger Switch; Rebel Rose	Drama	8.0	A monument in sports history; a cemetery in St. Petersburg; an undertaker tribute; the National Manassas Battlefield Park.
2332	Mysteries at the Monument	Black Magic Rocket Scientist, Broadway Baby and the Tobacco Heir, Disaster on Everest	Drama	8.0	Host Don Wildman heads to sunny Pasadena to explore the mysterious death of renowned scientist, investigate the murder of gaudy heir and his celebrity wife, and probe the true story behind one of Mt. Everest's deadliest disasters.
2332	Mysteries at the Monument	Stockholm Syndrome, Soviet Who Saved the World, Barbara Rose	Drama	8.0	Located in the center of Stockholm, Sweden is Norrmalmstorg Square, an elegant plaza known for its high-end shops. Yet this fashionable spot was also the site of terrifying heist that gave rise to a new psychological phenomenon. Boynton Beach, Florida is home to a small granite monument that memorializes the Cuban Missile Crisis. Unbeknownst to many, the near catastrophic war could've ended very differently were it not for the courage of a little known Russian. And near the state capitol building in Richmond, Virginia stands a life-sized bronze statue of a teen activist who led a quiet fight for equal education rights.
2332	Mysteries at the Monument	Gunpowder Plot, Lost in Yellowstone, Cops are Robbers	Drama	8.0	Host Don Wildman examines the 17th century plot that threatened Parliament, treks to a Wyoming mountain to uncover the true story that inspired America's first national park, and visits a Massachusetts night deposit box.
2332	Mysteries at the Monument	The Disaster That Saved London, The Man in the Green Hat, The Viking Mailman	Drama	8.0	Host Don Wildman visits London where a tall column observes a tragic event, traverses the Capitol Building in Washington D.C., where hypocrisy was exposed, and travels to Genoa, Nevada to view a monument to a frontiersman.
2343	Rev.	Rev.	Comedy	none	Sitcom about a former rural parish vicar trying to cope with the varied demands of running an inner-city church. Starring Tom Hollander.
2344	MI High	MI High	Action	none	High-school kids, enrolled in spy agency training, go on secret missions assigned by their janitor.
2345	Murderland	Murderland	Crime	none	Three-part thriller about a young woman's quest to discover the truth about her mother's death 15 years earlier. The story is told from three different perspectives.
2346	A Touch of Cloth	A Touch of Cloth	Comedy	8.0	John Hannah stars as maverick, booze-addled DCI Jack Cloth in Charlie Brooker's original comedy that tickles and twists crime drama cliches.
2347	The Secret of Crickley Hall	The Secret of Crickley Hall	Drama	none	Chilling ghost story adapted from James Herbert's novel, telling both the story of the modern day haunting of a troubled family and the dark events buried in their new home's past.
2347	The Secret of Crickley Hall	Episode 1	Drama	none	London couple Eve and Gabe move to the north of the country with their daughters in an effort to get over the disappearance of their son a year earlier. They move into Crickley Hall, where it is hoped the change of scenery will give Eve a little comfort. Before long though, strange things begin to happen. Meanwhile, in 1943, Nancy starts work as a tutor at the Crickley Hall orphanage. She soon becomes concerned for their welfare and suspicious about the strange manager Augustus Cribben.
2347	The Secret of Crickley Hall	Episode 2	Drama	none	In the present day, after the continued disturbances at Crickley Hall, Eve looksanswers. She tlaks to the Vicar, Percy and to psychic Lili Peel. Lili is not happy about returning to Crickley Hall, having had some previous unsettling experiences there. Gabe discovers Cribben's punishment book hidden in the cupboard by the stairs and is shocked by what he finds out. Back in 1943, Percy is sent off to war while Nancy continues to look into the goings on at Crickley. She attempts to find out more about the mysterious Augustus Cribben.
2347	The Secret of Crickley Hall	Episode 3	Drama	none	In the present day, Eve gets some new information from Lili about her son Cam and decides to call the police. Gabe makes her way to London to talks to the police, while Eve and the girls are left with Gordon. When a wild storm rages outside, it becomes evident that Cribben's plan to find one final child means everybody's lives are in danger at Crickley Hall. Back in 1943, Percy returns from the war to discover that Nancy has gone and he refuses to believe his mother's claims that Nancy left out of shame, and vows to take up her fight against the orphan abuse at Crickley Hall.
2355	Pride and Prejudice	Pride and Prejudice	Drama	none	Re-live the romance and drama of Andrew Davies' lavish adaptation, starring Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle.
2356	Up the Women	Up the Women	Comedy	none	Sitcom following the Banbury Intricate Craft Circle as they join the suffragette movement.
2357	The Work Experience	The Work Experience	Comedy	none	Two ambitious interns believe they're working at a new fashion PR agency, but it's all an elaborate set-up in a series that mixes sitcom, mock doc and prank show.
2358	Bleak House	Bleak House	Drama	9.0	From its glittering heights to its very lowest depths; a skilfully crafted thriller; an epic feast of characters and storylines; and a passionate indictment of the legal system that is as searingly relevant today as it was in the mid 19th century.It was first published in 19 monthly installments between March 1852 and September 1853. The TV adaptation, written by the award-winning Andrew Davies, comprised a one-hour opening episode followed by 14 half-hour episodes.It was shown twice weekly, using the pace, multiple storylines and cliff-hanger endings more usually associated with popular drama. The aim was to return Dickens to the broad audience he originally wrote for.It tells the story of the icily beautiful Lady Dedlock (Gillian Anderson), who nurses a dark secret in her past, and the merciless lawyer Tulkinghorn (Charles Dance), who seeks to uncover it.Then there's the generous John Jarndyce (Denis Lawson), struggling with his own past, and his two attractive young wards Richard (Patrick Kennedy) and Ada (Carey Mulligan).Like Lady Dedlock, they're all caught up in the infamous case of Jarndyce vs Jarndyce, which will make one of them rich beyond imagination - if it can ever be brought to a conclusion.
2359	Jane Eyre	Jane Eyre	Drama	none	Dramatisation of Charlotte Bronte's classic novel.
2360	Quirke	Quirke	Drama	none	Quirke is a bold, mesmerising drama full of mystery, secrets and intrigue, starring Gabriel Byrne and Michael Gambon.A consultant pathologist in the Dublin city morgue in the 1950s, Quirke is a powerful character more at ease among the cold silent slabs than the company of his fellow men. But in truth, his profession provides his greatest pleasure: inquisitive by nature, he is fascinated with unlocking the secret to these cadavers' deaths.After a body vanishes from his mortuary one night Quirke's curiosity is piqued by the lengths his brother is prepared to go to, to cover up the cause of one young woman's death in childbirth.Based on the novels by John Banville.
2361	The Widower	The Widower	Drama	none	The Widower is a three-part drama from ITV Studios based on the crimes of convicted murderer, Malcolm Webster, played by Reece Shearsmith (Psychoville, The League of Gentlemen, A Field in England).The Widower tells how, over a 13 year period Malcolm Webster set about poisoning and murdering his first wife, attempting to do the same to his second wife and moving on to a further scheme to deceive his third fiancée.
2362	Twenty Twelve	Twenty Twelve	Comedy	none	"Twenty Twelve" follows the team responsible for delivering the biggest show on earth: the London Olympics. The actors and creators of some of Britain's most iconic comedies come together in this new documentary-style comedy that is not only deliciously topical and wickedly funny but also uncannily close to real life.Starring Hugh Bonneville ("Downton Abbey"), Jessica Hynes ("Spaced"), Olivia Colman ("Peep Show"), Amelia Bullmore ("I'm Alan Partridge"), Vincent Franklin, and Karl Theobald ("Green Wing") and narrated by David Tennant this comedy series takes a close look at the people paddling hard beneath the water to make the Olympics happen in London 2012.They have billions of pounds to spend and plenty of time before the deadline; so what can possibly go wrong? Well, what do you do when the much-vaunted wind turbines won't turn because there's no wind? And how do you cope with athletes who want to help but are just too dull? It's all in a day's work for the men and women whose job it is to stage the greatest sporting event in the world.
2363	One Night	One Night	Drama	none	The story of four ordinary people whose fates are linked by a seemingly inconsequential event.
2368	Dragon Ball Super	Dragon Ball Super	Action	none	Dragon Ball Super, a brand new television anime inspired by Akira Toriyama's Dragon Ball manga, will premiere on Fuji TV and other channels in July on Sundays at 9:00 a.m. This will be the first new Dragon Ball television series since Dragon Ball GT, which aired from 1996 to 1997.The story of the anime is set a few years after the defeat of Majin Buu, when the Earth has become peaceful once again. The voice of Goku, Gohan, and Goten, Masako Nozawa commented on the new anime, saying, "We've always used the word 'chō' (Super) with Dragon Ball in commercials, games and the like, but the fact that the series titled Dragon Ball Super is beginning is the best thing ever."
2369	Talia in the Kitchen	Talia in the Kitchen	Comedy	8.0	When 14-year-old Talia visits her grandmother for the summer and starts spending time in her family's restaurant, she discovers she's got a gift. With the help of her special "salt and pepper sense" and her late father's magical spices, Talia can whip up some truly life changing cuisine and cook just what each customer needs. She's making magic in the kitchen!
2369	Talia in the Kitchen	And Spice Makes Nice	Comedy	8.0	Talia arrives in Miami and discovers her father's spice collection hidden in the walls of her family's restaurant.
2369	Talia in the Kitchen	Sugar Rush	Comedy	8.0	After discovering that the Fuccinellis were responsible for closing Lola's, the feud between the two families grows.
2369	Talia in the Kitchen	Don't Cry Over Spilt Tres Leches	Comedy	8.0	Talia and her friends decide to re-open her family's restaurant; Debbie and Frenchie plan to get revenge.
2369	Talia in the Kitchen	It's Raining Spices	Comedy	8.0	Things do not go as planned during Lola's unofficial opening; Frenchie and Debbie sabotage Talia's food.
2369	Talia in the Kitchen	A Cat Named Bechamel	Comedy	8.0	Dolores keeps a big secret from Talia.
2369	Talia in the Kitchen	Fowl Play	Comedy	8.0	Lola's is in danger of being shut down after the Fuccinelli's latest prank; Tyson tries to make amends.
2369	Talia in the Kitchen	Every Witch Lola's	Comedy	8.0	After bonding with Daniel, Talia prepares a special dish for him that may be just what he needs; the Fuccinellis spy on Lola's.
2369	Talia in the Kitchen	Spice-O-Matic	Comedy	8.0	Talia attempts to find out more about the magic spices.
2369	Talia in the Kitchen	The Open to End All Opens	Comedy	8.0	Talia is trapped and in danger of missing Lola's grand opening; Frenchie deals with the aftermath of a prank that Talia pulled.
2369	Talia in the Kitchen	The Collection	Comedy	8.0	Talia tests the spices on herself. Frenchie discovers who sabotaged Fuccinelli's. And Tyson asks Talia out on a date.
2369	Talia in the Kitchen	The Last Enchilada	Comedy	8.0	Talia continues to experiment and discovers a new twist about the spices. Will starts to become suspicious of Talia's cooking.
2369	Talia in the Kitchen	Cupcake Wars	Comedy	8.0	Talia seeks Frenchie's forgiveness by making magic cupcakes; Debbie and Chris scheme to keep Tyson away from Talia.
2369	Talia in the Kitchen	The Spoon	Comedy	8.0	A food critic dines at Lola's; Frenchie and Debbie grow suspicious about the reactions caused by Talia's food.
2369	Talia in the Kitchen	Skunk-en Souffle	Comedy	8.0	Dolores warns Talia about the dangers of the spices; Frenchie is persuaded to let Debbie run the Fuccinelli's kitchen for an evening.
2369	Talia in the Kitchen	Prote-Spice	Comedy	8.0	A search commences for Julie. Meanwhile, things get tense between Tyson and Rudy.
2369	Talia in the Kitchen	Spice Lesson	Comedy	8.0	Dolores orders Talia to return the spices. Meanwhile, Debbie plots to keep Talia out of a cooking contest.
2369	Talia in the Kitchen	Go Bake or Go Home	Comedy	8.0	Aunt Tilly arrives in Miami with plans to take Talia and Julie back to Boston. Elsewhere, Frenchie has an unexpected reaction after eating Will's pasta.
2369	Talia in the Kitchen	Spice Heist	Comedy	8.0	Talia and Debbie compete in a cooking contest, and Frenchie seizes this opportunity to try to snatch Talia's spices. Later, a hurricane approaches and leads to evacuations.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Comedy	7.0	Penn & Teller: Fool Us is hosted by Jonathan Ross. The show offers aspiring magicians from across the United Kingdom the chance to perform their most mystifying trick to fool Penn & Teller. The dou know nothing about he magican about to perform or what trick they are going to perform. They sit in the audience watching every move that is made and if any are able to fool the professionals they are rewarded with a five star trip to Las Vegas to perform as the opening act in Penn & Teller's world famous show at the Rio Hotel & Casino.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Teller Sucks... Helium	Comedy	7.0	Acts performing tonight include High Jinx, Jon Allen, Daniel Massey and mind-reader and mentalist Graham Jolley.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Stab A Card, Any Card	Comedy	7.0	Acts performing tonight include Mathieu Bich, Young & Strange, Mark Shortland and Daniel Madison.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Solid Goldfish	Comedy	7.0	Acts performing tonight include Piff the Magic Dragon and Mr Piffles, Soma, Alan Hudson and Damien O'Brien.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Teller is a Blockhead	Comedy	7.0	Acts performing tonight include Romany, Daniel Kramer, Alan Rorrison and Richard Bellars.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Penn Gets Nailed	Comedy	7.0	Acts performing tonight include Cubic Act, Nick Einhorn, Michael Vincent and Morgan & West.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	The Magic of Polyester	Comedy	7.0	Acts performing tonight include Gazzo, Brynolf & Ljung, Keelan Leyser & Charlotte Marie, and Colin McLeod.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	A Bellyful of Needles	Comedy	7.0	Acts performing tonight include Shawn Farquhar, Etienne Pradier, Chris Dugdale and Manuel Martinez.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Water Tanks for the Memories	Comedy	7.0	Acts performing tonight include Lee Hathaway, Laura London and Jack Taperell. Paul Daniels sons Paul and Martin also perform on stage.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Phone-y Business	Comedy	7.0	Aspiring magicians who perform for Penn and Teller include Jon Armstrong, Xavier, Greg Dow aka The Shocker and Steve Brundage.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	The Invisi-Ball Thread	Comedy	7.0	Aspiring magicians who perform their best tricks include Leon and Romy, Mike Hammer, Shin Lim and Peter Boie.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Shoot to Kill	Comedy	7.0	Aspiring magicians who perform their best tricks include Brian Brushwood, Simon Pierro, John Lovick, and Kyle Knight and Mistie.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Knife Of The Party	Comedy	7.0	Austin Janik, Amazing Allison, Mac King and Norman Ng attempt to fool the Penn & Teller with their tricks.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Mission Impossi-Ball	Comedy	7.0	Bill Cook, Wes Barker, Matt Holtzclaw and David Regal attempt to fool Penn & Teller with their tricks.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Now That's Bunny!	Comedy	7.0	Aspiring magicians are invited to perform their best trick to try and fool the world-famous team of Penn & Teller, who will get to see the trick only once and have to immediately try to work it out. Anyone who succeeds wins the right to perform with Penn & Teller in their celebrated show at the Rio Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas. The live studio audience and the TV audience watch along with Penn & Teller as they try to figure out the secrets. The magicians featured in the episode include Jay Sankey, Greg Wilson, Trigg Watson and Jen Kramer. British television and radio personality Jonathan Ross ("Friday Night with Jonathan Ross") serves as host.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Penn's Favorite Card Trick	Comedy	7.0	Aspiring magicians are invited to perform their best trick to try and fool the world-famous team of Penn & Teller, who will get to see the trick only once and have to immediately try to work it out. Anyone who succeeds wins the right to perform with Penn & Teller in their celebrated show at the Rio Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas. The live studio audience and the TV audience watch along with Penn & Teller as they try to figure out the secrets. The magicians featured in the episode include Kostya Kimlat, Frederick Falk, Chris Funk and Nate Dendy. British television and radio personality Jonathan Ross ("Friday Night with Jonathan Ross") serves as host.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Teller Plays With A Full Deck	Comedy	7.0	Aspiring magicians are invited to perform their best trick to try and fool the world-famous team of Penn & Teller, who will get to see the trick only once and have to immediately try to work it out. Anyone who succeeds wins the right to perform with Penn & Teller in their celebrated show at the Rio Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas. The live studio audience and the TV audience watch along with Penn & Teller as they try to figure out the secrets. The magicians featured in the episode include Blake Vogt, Joshua Jay, Levent and Ben Seidman.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Star Spangled Magic	Comedy	7.0	Aspiring magicians are invited to perform their best trick to try and fool the world-famous team of Penn & Teller, who will get to see the trick only once and have to immediately try to work it out. Anyone who succeeds wins the right to perform with Penn & Teller in their celebrated show at the Rio Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas. The live studio audience and the TV audience watch along with Penn & Teller as they try to figure out the secrets. The magicians featured in the episode include Riley Siegler, Jade, Ran'd Shine and David Roth.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Where There's Smoke There's Magic	Comedy	7.0	Aspiring magicians are invited to perform their best trick to try and fool the world-famous team of Penn & Teller, who will get to see the trick only once and have to immediately try to work it out. Anyone who succeeds wins the right to perform with Penn & Teller in their celebrated show at the Rio Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas. The live studio audience and the TV audience watch along with Penn & Teller as they try to figure out the secrets. The magicians featured in the episode include Joel & Spidey, Rick Lax, Marcus Eddie and Bruce Gold. British television and radio personality Jonathan Ross ("Friday Night with Jonathan Ross") serves as host.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Teller Deflowers A Shadow	Comedy	7.0	Aspiring magicians are invited to perform their best trick to try and fool the world-famous team of Penn & Teller, who will get to see the trick only once and have to immediately try to work it out. Anyone who succeeds wins the right to perform with Penn & Teller in their celebrated show at the Rio Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas. The live studio audience and the TV audience watch along with Penn & Teller as they try to figure out the secrets. The magicians featured in the episode include Scott & Puck, Eric Jones, Mark Calabrese and Paul Vigil. British television and radio personality Jonathan Ross ("Friday Night with Jonathan Ross") serves as host.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	Penn & Teller Ring Someone's Neck	Comedy	7.0	Aspiring magicians are invited to perform their best trick to try and fool the world-famous team of Penn & Teller, who will get to see the trick only once and have to immediately try to work it out. Anyone who succeeds wins the right to perform with Penn & Teller in their celebrated show at the Rio Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas. The live studio audience and the TV audience watch along with Penn & Teller as they try to figure out the secrets. The magicians featured in the episode include Victor & Diamond, Francis Menotti, Nash Fung and Chad Juros. British television and radio personality Jonathan Ross ("Friday Night with Jonathan Ross") serves as host.
2370	Penn & Teller: Fool Us	An Egg-cellent Trick	Comedy	7.0	Aspiring magicians are invited to perform their best trick to try and fool the world-famous team of Penn & Teller, who will get to see the trick only once and have to immediately try to work it out. Anyone who succeeds wins the right to perform with Penn & Teller in their celebrated show at the Rio Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas. The live studio audience and the TV audience watch along with Penn & Teller as they try to figure out the secrets. The magicians featured in the episode include Derek Hughes, Reuben Moreland, Suzanne and Jared Kopf. British television and radio personality Jonathan Ross ("Friday Night with Jonathan Ross") serves as host.
2380	Clipped	Clipped	Comedy	6.0	Clipped centers on a group of barbershop coworkers who all went to high school together but ran in very different crowds. Now they find themselves working together at Buzzy's.
2380	Clipped	Pilot	Comedy	6.0	When barber/aspiring professional baseball player A.J. Salerno gets a phone call from a sports agent wanting to meet with him, he tells his co-worker Danni that this is the big break he's been waiting for, and his barber days will soon be behind him. Meanwhile, the owner of the barbershop, Ben, is determined to fire one of his employees -- Buzzy, Mo, Joy, or Charmaine -- to avoid paying an insurance premium increase.
2380	Clipped	Dreamers	Comedy	6.0	Danni advises A.J. to give up on his dream of being a ball player, while A.J. inspires Danni to pursue her passion as a singer. Meanwhile, Joy's involvement in an AIDS Walk brings up the issue of charity, and just how cheap Ben can be.
2380	Clipped	Go Below	Comedy	6.0	Ben is embarrassed after a one-night stand with Rita Doyle, considering her to be a "go-below." He's offended to find out that Rita is the one who thinks he is below her stature.
2380	Clipped	Wi-Fi	Comedy	6.0	Ben won't pay for WiFi causing the employees to go to great lengths to get the password from next door.
2380	Clipped	Big Gay Wedding	Comedy	6.0	Buzzy and Tommy's last-minute wedding is planned with Joy's help, but Buzzy gets cold feet after talking to Charmaine. Meanwhile, Ben and Mo clash over a business decision.
2380	Clipped	World's Rudest Barbershop	Comedy	6.0	After a video of Charmaine insulting customers goes viral, Ben fires her. But when the video starts drumming up business, Ben has to get her back. Mo feels guilty after A.J. breaks his pitching arm.
2380	Clipped	Mo's Ma	Comedy	6.0	As Mo tries to come to terms with his parents divorce, the gang has additional insight as to why they might be splitting. A.J. accuses Danni of being jealous when she finds out he has a date.
2380	Clipped	The Gambler	Comedy	6.0	Joy helps plan Buzzy and Tommy's last minute wedding, but after talking to Charmaine, Buzzy has cold feet. Meanwhile, Ben and Mo argue over a business decision.
2380	Clipped	Free Wednesday	Comedy	6.0	The gang remembers an embarrassing story of Ben after a high school teacher comes by the barbershop for a haircut. Joy waits for a sign about her marriage.
2380	Clipped	High School Reunion	Comedy	6.0	The gang relives their adolescence at their high school reunion. Meanwhile, Joy is stuck at the barbershop keeping Lonnie company while he waits for his date.
2381	Jake 2.0	Jake 2.0	Action	9.0	NSA computer technician Jake Foley is transformed into a secret agent after he is accidentally infected with nanobots, based on nanotechnology that reduce the size of a computer to the molecular level, which give him superhuman powers. With his new abilities, he can hack into anything electronic and control it. His medical and emotional state is carefully watched over by Dr. Diane Hughes, who is far too human for her job with the NSA. Struggling in his early tasks with the NSA, Jake must prove himself and yield results or be locked up for "research."
2382	Now and Again	Now and Again	Drama	9.0	A salesman is brought back from the dead by a secret government project. The man's body is inserted into a specially designed superhuman body and he is sent on secret missions for the government to test his abilities. However, he is forbidden to make contact with his old family... a temptation he finds irresistible.
2384	Bloedverwanten	Bloedverwanten	Drama	none	If shareholder Bennie Winter Flowers Winter dies, loses his considerable power to his daughter Esther. Should something happen to her, then her children get everything in your hands.
2386	Bernhard, Scoundrel of Orange	Bernhard, Scoundrel of Orange	Drama	none	Bernhard - scoundrel of Orange a four part series is about more than the turbulent life of a prince consort. It is a riveting drama about a man who tries to escape from a straightjacket, choose his own path and survive deep crises to find out what true love really means.Within the royal family there is really no contradiction to think there is a more flamboyant figure than Prince Bernhard. Whether it's Greet Hofmans, extramarital affairs and daughters, Lockheed and numerous scandals in his life. At the same time Prince Bernhard is popular figure, considered by many as a war hero to be revered. A man of extremes.In four parts Bernhard tells the story of his life. Not only to the viewer, but also to Princess Máxima. She will soon be Queen alongside Willem-Alexander, a position similar to Bernhard. From their conversations and discussions it shows how they differ, but also how much they are alike. For Máxima is sometimes very challenging.The story takes us from Soestdijk to the German Recke Walde, Berlin, London, Argentina and Canada. It paints a portrait of the world from the thirties of the twentieth century to the early twenty-first century.
2386	Bernhard, Scoundrel of Orange	De Prins	Drama	none	The day after Queens-day 2003 Princes Máxima tells Prince Bernhard she wants to give up the Royal life. Beatrix doesn't even worry about giving up the throne. Bernhard is shocked and tries to convince her by telling the story about how he was brought in to the Royal family during the Nazi-regime. But an unexpected revelation makes the situation even worse. Máxima storms away furious.
2386	Bernhard, Scoundrel of Orange	De Held	Drama	none	Bernhard tries to speak to Máxima, so he can correct his mistake. However he can only do this by telling about his missteps during the Second World War. When he has finally convinced her, Beatrix tells the real reason for not stepping down: Bernhard.
2386	Bernhard, Scoundrel of Orange	De Crisis	Drama	none	Christmas 2003. Despite all promises of Bernhard, Beatrix still doesn't step back and Máxima finally knows why. Bernhard can't do anything else than to tell about one of his low points in his life: The Greet Hofmans crisis. Bernhard admits as long as he lives, Beatrix will sit on the throne. After a major Alzheimer attack and a vivacious conversation with Beatrix, Bernhard collapses in front of Máxima.
2386	Bernhard, Scoundrel of Orange	De Val	Drama	none	While Bernhard recovers at home, Juliana dies. Máxima assists Bernhard during the mourning period, and she hears how Bernhard - and with him the monarchy - almost falls because of the Lockheed-Affair. There is revealed how the breach between Bernhard and Beatrix arose. With the passing of Bernhard the way to the throne for Máxima and Alexander seems to be cleared. However Beatrix seems to have more reasons to not step down. Reason which hurt Máxima.
2396	The Jim Gaffigan Show	The Jim Gaffigan Show	Comedy	1.0	Inspired by Jim Gaffigan's real life, The Jim Gaffigan Show explores one man's struggle to find a balance between fatherhood, stand-up comedy and an insatiable appetite.
2396	The Jim Gaffigan Show	Pilot	Comedy	1.0	Jim attempts to deal with his family, fatherhood, comedy and food all at the same time.
2396	The Jim Gaffigan Show	Red Velvet If You Please	Comedy	1.0	Jim attempts to stop himself from eating junk food. Dave feels hung over and shows up at a children's birthday party.
2396	The Jim Gaffigan Show	A Night at the Plaza	Comedy	1.0	Jim organizes a romantic anniversary including a Broadway show and a short hotel stay.
2396	The Jim Gaffigan Show	In the Name of the Father	Comedy	1.0	Jim and Jeannie attempt to help Daniel deal with the tension between him and his father. Dave joins the group for a crazy night out.
2396	The Jim Gaffigan Show	Super Great Daddy Day	Comedy	1.0	Jim carries out some errands for Jeannie and accidentally manages to swap his son's drawing for his daughter's school application, which causes some problems when it's time for the little girl's interview.
2396	The Jim Gaffigan Show	Go Shorty, It's Your Birthday	Comedy	1.0	Jim manages to upset Jeannie after he celebrates Dave's birthday instead of hers.
2396	The Jim Gaffigan Show	My Friend the Priest	Comedy	1.0	Jim manages to get a big break after he is asked to perform on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon,". Jeannie invites their priest along to see the show, which annoys Jim.
2398	I Am Cait	I Am Cait	Drama	none	The eight-part, one-hour series will explore what Cait's transition means for the people in her life and how those relationships are affected, while offering a better understanding of many of life's challenges for the trans community.
2398	I Am Cait	Meeting Cait	Drama	none	Caitlyn Jenner announces her true self to the world with a Vanity Fair magazine cover story. She also becomes inspired to find out more about transgender youth in crisis.
2398	I Am Cait	The Road Trip: Part 1	Drama	none	Cait is elated to be on a road trip with a group of her new transgender friends, but they question if her privileged status stops her from becoming their new spokesperson.
2398	I Am Cait	The Road Trip: Part 2	Drama	none	Cait wants to give her new friends the trip of a lifetime and they challenge Cait to break down her walls and get personal; Cait must find a way to balance her old friendships with her new ones.
2398	I Am Cait	Family Interference	Drama	none	Candis invites Cait over for an all-girl sleep over; Kim and Khloe discuss comments aimed at Cait's ex, their mother, in her Vanity Fair article; later, Cait visits a support group for families with children that are transitioning.
2398	I Am Cait	Take Pride	Drama	none	Caitlyn starts to feel like she has been included in the LGBT community after attending a New York City Pride event.
2398	I Am Cait	The Dating Game	Drama	none	Cait ends up realizing just how hard it can be to date a trans woman after hearing Candis talk.
2400	Atlanta Plastic	Atlanta Plastic	Drama	none	Lifetime reveals the changing face of plastic surgery in the new docuseries, "Atlanta Plastic", following three of Atlanta's top African American surgeons and their clients who seek to look their best by going under the knife."Atlanta Plastic" features board-certified physicians Dr. Wright Jones, Dr. Marcus Crawford and Dr. Aisha McKnight-Baron who are at the top of their game. The doctors' patients, both male and female, come from all walks of life and request a variety of procedures from tummy tucks, Brazilian butt lifts and facelifts, to breast augmentation, liposuction and rhinoplasty.
2400	Atlanta Plastic	The Ugly Duckling Gets Her Day (Pilot)	Drama	none	Outspoken Roz reveals a shocking desire to her husband, which threatens their sex life... for at least a few weeks. Mother of four Tiffany decides it's time for a makeover, and ugly duckling Iris embarks on a journey to discover the beauty she has been in search of since she was a child.
2400	Atlanta Plastic	Garbage Bag Diva	Drama	none	Dr. Crawford has to deliver difficult news to a football player; Dr. Baron undertakes an important surgery; a woman wants to rejuvenate her relationship with her body.
2400	Atlanta Plastic	Runaway Patient	Drama	none	Dr. Baron takes on a subdued patient; a woman's medical secret threatens to put her life at risk; an aspiring actor seeks a full body lift after losing more than 100 pounds.
2400	Atlanta Plastic	Surgery or Bust	Drama	none	Dr. Crawford takes on a patient who needs a major breast reduction; Dr. Baron works to enhance the chest of Internet sensation Sidney Favors; Dr. Jones must decide if he wants to operate on a patient whose butt is disfigured.
2400	Atlanta Plastic	New Face, New Problems?	Drama	none	Atlanta stylist Joseph visits Dr. Jones in the hopes of getting rid of his man-boobs and finally becoming "South Beach ready." Meanwhile, Dr. Crawford is performing double duty this week as he toggles between Brandon, a patient whose painful childhood has resulted in a hatred of his entire body; and Toni, a mother of three who is trying to get beyond the physical and emotional results of her extreme weight loss. Will Toni finally fit into the wedding dress of her dreams?
2400	Atlanta Plastic	Surgery Sisters	Drama	none	Dr. Jones meets a Michael Jackson impersonator whose nose is a painful reminder of a difficult father; sisters decide to have the same surgery on the same day.
2400	Atlanta Plastic	Bat Wings to Angel Wings	Drama	none	Dr. Baron has two new patients; a woman's dramatic weight loss leaves her with sagging skin that resembles bat wings; an Iraq veteran wants help getting her body back; Dr. Jones creates a new butt for an exotic dancer turned entrepreneur.
2402	The Comment Section	The Comment Section	Comedy	none	This new half-hour comedy series explores the biggest stories of the week and all of the outrageous and hilarious comments made about them on social media. Hosted by comedian Michael Kosta and executive produced by "The Soup's" Joel McHale and K.P. Anderson, "The Comment Section" will boldly dive into the most dangerous corners of the internet, take out the haters, anoint the heroes and generate an all new brand of laughs from the biggest pop culture stories of the week.
2402	The Comment Section	Joel McHale	Comedy	none	Michael Kosta's special guest tonight is Joel McHale.
2405	CopStories	CopStories	Crime	10.0	Ob bei den Nachbarn die Fetzen fliegen, der beste Freund Opfer eines Verbrechens wird oder ein Drogenhändler sein Unwesen treibt – die Polizei sorgt für Recht und Ordnung. Aber: Cops sind auch nur Menschen! Und genau um diesen mehr oder weniger normalen Polizeialltag mit allem, was so dazu gehört, dreht sich alles in der neuen 45-minütigen ORF-Drama-Serie „CopStories", die in Wien-Ottakring nach holländischem Vorbild entstanden ist. Authentisch, konfrontierend und zugleich humorvoll erzählen die drei Regisseure Paul Harather („Schlawiner"), Christopher Schier und Barbara Eder insgesamt zehn Geschichten rund um Verrat, Liebe, Ehrgeiz, Vertrauen, Respekt, Loyalität, Neid und Gewalt in und um ein städtisches Polizeikommissariat. Um die Geschichten möglichst nahe am tatsächlichen Polizeialltag zu erzählen, setzte das Team auf fachkundige Beratung erfahrener Polizeibeamter, darunter auch Oberst Rabensteiner vom Landeskriminalamt Wien.
2412	Annedroids	Annedroids	Action	none	Kid scientist Anne learns about the world in her junkyard lab with her best pals Nick and Shania, and her android helpers.
2412	Annedroids	New Pals	Action	none	Eleven-year old genius and kid-scientist Anne has invented and built her own amazing androids. Nick discovers Anne's secret junkyard laboratory and enlists the help of Shania to befriend Anne and her mechanical companions. Together they help solve Anne's scientific problems through real-life solutions.
2412	Annedroids	Pal n' Go Seek	Action	none	Anne is working out the kinks with newly made Pal, while Nick, Shania and the other androids play Hide and Seek. When Nick accidentally activates a security program that makes Hand, Eyes and Pal go into super-hiding mode, the kids have to find the missing androids before Pal's circuits overload.
2412	Annedroids	Reduce, Reuse, Robocycle	Action	none	Anne, Shania and the androids help Nick build a lawn-mowing robot to help him with his chores. All the while, Nick's Mom keeps stopping by the junkyard to check on their progress, nearly discovering Pal each time she comes by!
2412	Annedroids	Helping Hand	Action	none	Hand feels left out when Anne would prefer to use Pal to help with an experiment; she thinks Anne likes Pal better. Nick devises the Android Games to show Hand what she's good at but the plan backfires when Eyes and Pal unexpectedly shine in the games.
2412	Annedroids	Garbage Band	Action	none	Shania wants to form a garage band with her brothers but they're not very interested (or very good). Meanwhile at the junkyard, Anne and Nick work on upgrades to the security system. When they put Shania in charge of android-sitting, she finds out they have hidden musical talents and together they create a Garbage Band.
2412	Annedroids	Eyes Up	Action	none	Eyes discovers a butterfly in the junkyard and wants to learn to fly, so Anne, Nick and Shania experiment with different ways to help Eyes off the ground. After several attempts with wings and helicopter blades, they discover that helium balloons are the best solution. That is, until the balloons lift Eyes over the junkyard fence and into the neighbor's yard.
2412	Annedroids	Junkyard Sleepover	Action	none	Anne has built a brand new observatory and invites Nick and Shania to a sleepover so they can witness the lunar eclipse. First, Nick needs to get permission from his Mom to spend the night at the junkyard. The kids decide that it's time for Nick's Mom to meet Anne's Dad.
2412	Annedroids	Pal in the Middle	Action	none	Shania is stuck at home taking care of her little brother Garth while Anne and Nick build a rainbow maker with a prism. Unfortunately, while Anne and Nick are busy, the prism accidentally sails over the junkyard fence when Hand and Eyes are playing monkey in the middle with Pal. The prism ends up in Garth's sticky hands. Hand throws Pal over the fence to retrieve it and Shania's got to help Pal get the prism back before anyone discovers the android in the house.
2412	Annedroids	Android's Best Friend	Action	none	Anne experiments with growing plants but her crafty robo-mouse eats her experiment. Nick, Anne and Shania devise ways to catch the robo-mouse while the androids discover a stray cat in the junkyard. Hand, Eyes and Pal hilariously try to apply what Anne says about plant-care to taking care of the cat. But once Anne shows them that animals have different needs than plants, they take better care of the cat and want to keep her. Nick realizes the cat is the perfect solution to Anne's plant problem but, unfortunately, the stray has already moved on. Now the question is, will the cat come back?
2412	Annedroids	The Power of Love	Action	none	Anne has recreated Nikola Tesla's plasma ball for her summer school project. Before they can get Anne's plasma ball up and running, the power goes out in the junkyard. Anne decides to try alternative types of energy (sun, wind and people power) to generate electricity for her Plasma Ball. Meanwhile, thanks to Shania's fixation on a popular singer, Hand develops an interest in the electric company truck that comes to fix the power lines... can androids feel love too?
2412	Annedroids	Electromagnetic Pal	Action	none	Nick's best friend Zack comes over for a sleepover when Anne is in the middle of an experiment on magnetism. Nick tries to convince her to let Zack come help, but Anne doesn't want anyone else to know about the androids. However, when Pal accidentally gets turned into a magnet, Zack gets drawn across the street into the junkyard due to his metal backpack. Luckily, Zack is pivotal in demagnetizing Pal and becomes the newest member of their junkyard crew.
2412	Annedroids	Out of Hand	Action	none	When Hand acts out of control, Anne, Nick and Shania wonder if it's possible she's throwing temper tantrums or if she's been infected by a computer virus. As they try to figure it out, Hand acts increasingly dangerous and Anne's Dad tells them to shut Hand down. Finally, the kids discover Hand wasn't out of control but was being manipulated by Shania's family's new remote control toy! Now the only question is, how can they get Hand back to normal?
2412	Annedroids	Eyes On the Skies	Action	none	Anne is thrilled when a meteorite lands nearby because the space rock is the last one she needs for her extensive rock collection. Fortunately, Eyes was tracking it in the sky and knows exactly where it landed. Nick convinces Anne to let Eyes come on their space rock adventure but, little does he know, other amateur geologists and Nick's Reporter Mom are on the meteorite hunt too!
2412	Annedroids	Message in a Rocket	Action	none	With school starting, Anne, Nick and Shania test a rocket messenger system so that they can stay in touch during the school day. They quickly realize that they need something smarter than a rocket to be able to carry messages. Using supplies around the junkyard, the kids turn an ordinary pigeon into a bionic flying delivery system.
2412	Annedroids	Undercover Pigeon	Action	none	It's the first day of school and Nick is nervous about making new friends. Luckily he meets a girl named Charlie who shares his love of science. Meanwhile, Pidgely is on his first "Harrier Pigeon" mission to deliver a message to Nick and Shania, but when he misses the designated time to meet up with them, he has to get resourceful.
2412	Annedroids	Experiments in Babysitting	Action	none	Anne, Nick and Shania are babysitting Shania's little brothers when Pal discovers that Meow Cat has had kittens. Shania's super excited and takes one of the kittens away, but quickly learns this was a bad idea. When she tries to return the kitten, Meow Cat has moved and taken the other kittens with her. The kids have to find Meow Cat and return the kitten to its Momma before it's too late.
2412	Annedroids	Parent Swap	Action	none	When Nick's Dad bails on a Father/Son challenge at the last minute, Anne lets Nick borrow her Dad. While Nick and Anne's Dad do some male bonding as they try to figure out how to make the fastest mini-vehicle without wheels, Anne, Shania and Nick's Mom do some female bonding with a girls' day.
2412	Annedroids	An Android Space Odyssey	Action	none	Anne gets an assignment from school that instructs her to "get closer to one of her dreams." She's not sure what it means, but Nick and Shania help her figure out that one of her dreams is to make contact with alien life. To help Anne get closer to that dream, they experiment with how to send one of the androids into space.
2412	Annedroids	Zack Bot	Action	none	Nick's friend Zack builds a basketball-playing robot and enlists Anne's help to make it work. When Nick finds Zack and Anne working together at the junkyard, Nick is jealous and challenges the robot to a game of one-on-one.
2412	Annedroids	Junkyard CSI	Action	none	After Shania brings her dog Cyrus to the junkyard for a DNA experiment, the dog gets lost, so the gang uses forensic investigative techniques to find him in the neighborhood.
2412	Annedroids	Jurassic Junkyard	Action	none	When Nick has a recurring nightmare about dinosaurs, Anne and Shania help him get over it by figuring out how he can outsmart the dinosaurs in his dream by learning about lucid dreaming techniques.
2412	Annedroids	Costume Pal	Action	none	Anne is planning a series of experiments with dry ice, but her plans are interrupted by an invitation to Charlie's birthday party. At the costume party, Anne is excited to find dry ice so she can finish her project. Meanwhile, Nick and Shania have to keep Charlie from finding out about Pal when Pal decides to tag along.
2412	Annedroids	Broken Hand	Action	none	When Hand gets broken using a pulley system, Anne asks the others to look for a replacement part. While searching, Shania and Nick fall into a hatch. In order to get her friends out, Anne has to fix what was wrong with her pulley system in the first place.
2412	Annedroids	Lights! Camera! Volcano!	Action	none	The kids decide to make a sci-fi movie, but after Shania gets a bad mark on a project about volcanoes, Grandma threatens to ground her from the junkyard for a whole month. Anne and Nick discover a way to help Shania fix her grades and make a movie about it along the way.
2412	Annedroids	Annebots	Action	none	A woman named Ada comes to the junkyard to buy something from Anne's Dad, and the two discover they share a passion for robots. Ada invites Anne to visit the lab where she works, and shows her a big world outside the junkyard.
2412	Annedroids	Family Matter	Action	none	When Nick's Dad cancels a winter getaway up North, Nick is upset. Anne and Shania try to make it up to Nick by building a machine that demonstrates the phases of matter to make snow and ice -- so that the kids and androids can have a winter celebration at the junkyard.
2414	Hand Of God	Hand Of God	Drama	7.8	Created and written by Ben Watkins, and marking the television debut of renowned filmmaker Marc Forster (Monster's Ball, Finding Neverland, World War Z), "Hand of God" stars Golden Globe winner Ron Perlman in his first lead television role since Sons of Anarchy as the honorable justice Pernell Harris. The show centers on Judge Harris, a hard-living, law-bending married man with a high-end call girl on the side, who suffers a mental breakdown and goes on a vigilante quest to find the rapist who tore his family apart. With no real evidence to go on, Pernell begins to rely on "visions" and "messages" he believes are being sent by God through Pernell's ventilator-bound son. Hand of God also stars Dana Delany as the Judge's protective wife Crystal Harris, Garret Dillahunt as KD, the born-again sociopath whose violent tendencies are exploited by Pernell, Andre Royo as the slick, smart, gregarious, and greedy mayor Robert 'Bobo' Boston, Alona Tal as Pernell's grieving daughter-in-law Jocelyn Harris, Julian Morris as the questionable preacher Paul Curtis, Elizabeth McLaughlin as the preacher's sultry girlfriend Alicia, and Emayatzy Corinealdi as Pernell's call girl and confidante Tessie.
2414	Hand Of God	Pilot	Drama	7.8	After the attempted suicide of his only son, PJ, Judge Pernell Harris believes he can hear the voice of God, and the voice is telling him to find out who raped PJ's wife Jocelyn -- the reason PJ tried to end his life - and bring him to justice. Spurred on by a questionable pastor named Reverend Paul, he teams up with KD, a zealot and violent ex-con, and sets out on a vigilante mission.
2414	Hand Of God	Your Inside Voice	Drama	7.8	Pernell continues to follow his visions in his quest to find out who raped Jocelyn, convinced it will wake his son from his coma. After a questionable verdict involving KD, Mayor Bobo is left to confront the Brooks Innovations team, who are having doubts about the city deal. PJ's best friend, Josh, and his wife Jocelyn, recruit a hotshot lawyer, Nick Tramble, to defend taking PJ off life support.
2414	Hand Of God	Contemplating the Body	Drama	7.8	With KD under police surveillance and the Brooks deal hanging by a thread, Pernell must pass a psych evaluation, apologize on the record, and get his hands dirtier than he ever has before. Jocelyn's grief has taken on a dangerous ritual, just as Crystal pressures the lawyer to drop her daughter-in-law's case. At Hand of God chapel, Alicia and Paul prepare a high-profile meal for the homeless.
2414	Hand Of God	He So Loved	Drama	7.8	Pernell is torn when a vision convinces him to betray someone close to him to get answers about who hurt Jocelyn. Crystal is frustrated when Pernell refuses to take a prescription, and recruits her weed dealer, April, to spy inside Hand of God. Tessie's estranged brother reaches out and convinces her to get answers from Bobo about the family's eviction - and whether it's tied to the Brooks deal.
2414	Hand Of God	Welcome the Stranger	Drama	7.8	KD goes to jail to find out who ordered Jocelyn's rape. Pernell joins Bobo at a men's-only retreat to convince the DWP chair to help with the Brooks plan. Pernell struggles to reconcile his new faith with his love for a call girl, just as he must compete for Tessie's affection. Paul and Alicia audition for a powerful televangelist, while friends from Paul's past threaten his success.
2414	Hand Of God	For the Rain to Gather	Drama	7.8	When KD returns with new clues, Pernell's call girl Tessie agrees to go undercover to follow the trail. Pernell enlists the church to stage a prayer vigil for PJ, interrupting Jocelyn's plans. April bonds with Alicia and gets wind of a potentially explosive secret. Pernell realizes Crystal may have crossed the line while trying to help him. And Bobo risks losing his dignity - and his son's respect.
2414	Hand Of God	A Bird in Hand	Drama	7.8	With Pernell close to fulfilling his mission, he dispatches KD to serve justice. Paul and Alicia train with the televangelists to become picture-perfect TV Christians - still contending with Alicia's secret. Crystal finds damning evidence of Pernell's extramarital affairs, and debates what to do about it. Jocelyn goes public with her own personal burden in an attempt to finally heal.
2414	Hand Of God	One Saved Message	Drama	7.8	When a deadly mistake leads Pernell to question his anointed status, he seeks help from a no-nonsense therapist, and begins to recall his unraveling after PJ's suicide. Crystal and Bobo face backlash for enabling Pernell. Alicia and Paul come to grips with a difficult decision, while KD deals with his own guilt. Jocelyn becomes suspicious of Pernell.
2414	Hand Of God	A Flower That Bees Prefer	Drama	7.8	Pernell struggles to suppress his intensifying hallucinations, as the legal battle with Jocelyn over PJ's life comes to a dramatic conclusion. Alicia is faced with a difficult decision that could affect both Paul and the future of Hand of God. KD unravels as he questions whether he placed his faith in a false prophet.
2414	Hand Of God	The Tie That Binds	Drama	7.8	With newfound evidence and renewed conviction, Pernell believes he's finally uncovered the truth of PJ's suicide and who was behind Jocelyn's rape. Crystal intervenes, fearing her husband is suffering a relapse that may have serious consequences. Bobo must confront what he's sacrificed for the Brooks deal. Paul and Alicia receive news that could destroy everything they've been working for.
2416	Urban Cowboy	Urban Cowboy	Drama	none	Fox's Urban Cowboy is a modern reimagining of the classic 1980 Paramount romantic drama starring Debra Winger and John Travolta. Fueled with energetic music, it follows Kyle and Gaby, two star-crossed young lovers, as they pursue their dreams and passions through the sweat of line-dancing in honky-tonks, the grime of the oil refineries and the glamour of modern Texas. It's about family legacies, starting over, finding true love and the American dream.
2425	Building Belushi	Building Belushi	Comedy	none	One of America's best-loved performers, Jim Belushi, is going rogue--as in the Rogue River in Medford, Oregon. The actor, comedian and singer is trading his microphone for a tool belt and building his dream luxury riverfront cabin complete with its own stage for performing. Follow along as he learns what it takes to not only build an entire house from the ground up, but also how this constantly traveling celebrity found a place to call home.
2426	I Was Possessed	I Was Possessed	Drama	none	"I Was Possessed" chronicles present day demonic possession and exorcism first hand. Using video and audio captured during the actual exorcism, each hour long episode tells two separate stories of everyday people who experienced demonic possession. Through first person accounts and recreations, we're told the backstories of these terrifying experiences, each experience is retold through the stages of possession: Infestation, Oppression and full Possession. With the use of REAL footage and audio, the viewer will be immersed in the incredible experience of exorcism.
2426	I Was Possessed	Molly; Tanisha	Drama	none	A woman prays to demonic entities to take her instead of her son; a woman is possessed by generational demons when she is pulled away from a safe environment.
2426	I Was Possessed	Aicha; Caleb	Drama	none	A woman is possessed by a demon after she and her family move into a haunted house; a man has been tormented by an evil presence since he was a small child.
2426	I Was Possessed	Hannah / Carole	Drama	none	When a woman starts over, a downward spiral begins; a woman's new relationship ends in unexpected terror.
2426	I Was Possessed	Jessica; Adam	Drama	none	After dabbling in the occult, a young girl living with her grandparents is possessed; a man is overtaken by a demon who wants to burn down his house.
2426	I Was Possessed	Travis; Melissa	Drama	none	A man is possessed after moving into a home trashed with satanic objects; a dark presence grows stronger.
2426	I Was Possessed	Rose; Minda	Drama	none	A woman wakes from a three-month coma and hears a man dying; a woman's dream life comes crashing down.
2427	Ash vs Evil Dead	Ash vs Evil Dead	Action	none	Campbell will be reprising his role as Ash, the stock boy, aging lothario and chainsaw-handed monster hunter who has spent the last 30 years avoiding responsibility, maturity and the terrors of the Evil Dead. When a Deadite plague threatens to destroy all of mankind, Ash is finally forced to face his demons -personal and literal. Destiny, it turns out, has no plans to release the unlikely hero from its "Evil" grip.
2427	Ash vs Evil Dead	El Jefe	Action	none	The Deadites, demonic creatures from beyond, are launching a new attack on Earth. The only man who can stop them is Ash, an aging S-Mart stockboy with a chainsaw for a hand who fought and defeated them 30 years ago... and has no interest in doing so again.
2428	Britain's Great War	Britain's Great War	War	8.0	Opening the World War One commemoration season on the BBC and produced in partnership with the Open University, landmark new documentary series Britain's Great War, presented by Jeremy Paxman, explores how Britain and the lives of British people were transformed by the Great War. There had never been a war like it. It was the first ‘total war' and it blew apart the certainties on which British society rested. Focusing on extraordinary personal stories to illuminate often cataclysmic events, each episode charts a different stage of the war: from initial optimism; to frustration; to the exhausted, poignant celebration of victory. It was the first war in British history in which men were conscripted to fight, civilians had their homes bombed, and every family feared a knock on the door bringing terrible news. Governments took for themselves powers they would never have imagined
2428	Britain's Great War	War Comes to Britain	War	8.0	Jeremy Paxman traces the story of the dramatic early stages of the war, from stunned disbelief to the mass recruitment of volunteer soldiers.Fear of invasion grips the country, Boy Scouts guard bridges, and spies are suspected everywhere. For the first time, British civilians are fired on by enemy ships and bombed from the air. Paxman meets a 105-year-old eyewitness to the shelling of Hartlepool, who describes how she thought the Germans had landed.Total war has come to Britain.
2428	Britain's Great War	The War Machine	War	8.0	In the second part of his landmark series on how the First World War affected the lives of the British people, Jeremy Paxman describes the crisis facing the country as it becomes clear it is fatally unprepared to fight a modern industrial war.Now the whole population is enlisted to turn the country into a war machine: women fill the factories to make bombs and bullets, men are forced to fight at the Front, conscientious objectors are threatened with the firing squad, and striking shipbuilders with jail. Even the beer is watered down on government orders.Britain is having to learn to do as it is told.
2428	Britain's Great War	The Darkest Hour	War	8.0	Jeremy Paxman tells the story of how Britain edged close to defeat in the worst conflict it had ever known. Unearthing the wreck of a German U-boat in the Medway, he describes Germany's attempt to starve the country into submission - could the Win the War Cookbook save the day?Hoarders are put on trial as newspapers expose how the rich dine out on lobsters in Mayfair. Fear of moral corruption prompts the government to police the nation's bedrooms. A full-length documentary film of fighting in the trenches breaks all box office records - but will it push a shocked British public into demanding peace at any price?
2428	Britain's Great War	At the Eleventh Hour	War	8.0	Jeremy Paxman describes how the country came to the very brink of defeat in the last year of the war. Grieving parents held seances to contact their dead sons, surgeons battled to rebuild the faces of the wounded, and a maverick MP tried to pin the blame for the crisis on a conspiracy of sexual deviants in government.And then, dramatically, the tide of battle turned, and exhausted Britons found themselves weeping for joy as the armistice was signed. The nation began to count the cost of four years of war, revealing some surprising winners as well as losers.
2430	WWI: The First Modern War	WWI: The First Modern War	War	8.0	This miniseries focuses on the game-changing weapons that were introduced during World War One - the war that was supposed to end all wars. Troops who were bunkered down in vast trenches became overwhelmed by powerful new weapons, including tanks, WMDs, submarines and the first blitz. Through experts, eyewitness testimony, riveting archive and special recreations seamlessly blended into an archival background, each hour-long episode features the story of one of these weapons. The mini-series examines how and why the weapons were developed, the strategy of how they attempted to break the bloody trench warfare stalemate, and their ultimate effectiveness. At the end of four years of war, a generation of men was lost.
2430	WWI: The First Modern War	Armored Beasts	War	8.0	Tanks were the first armored fighting machine to be used on the battlefield. These "land ships", as they were first called, were championed by Head of the British Admiralty Winston Churchill. Adapted from an American tractor with caterpillar tracks, the machine was designed in secrecy to break through the heavily fortified trenches and offer protection for troops that were being mowed down by heavy artillery. Though a massive failure in their first combat in the Battle of the Somme– they broke down and got stuck in the mud–British government propaganda reversed the story and paved the way for thousands of tanks to be built and become a decisive weapon in the war.
2430	WWI: The First Modern War	Massive Air Attacks	War	8.0	While most people think the Blitz originated in WWII, the truth is that the first Blitz happened during WWI. Bombs were delivered from giant airships designed by Count Ferdinand von Zeppelin, who got his inspiration when he was a Germany Army observer in the US during the Civil War and rode in a hot air balloon for the first time. These lighter than air superstructures, two times longer than the Statue of Liberty is high, measured their flights in hundreds of miles when pioneering aviators measured their success in hundreds of yards.
2430	WWI: The First Modern War	Clouds of Death	War	8.0	The Germans, ignoring international treaties they signed, were first to weaponize a chemical. In this case it was chlorine–a highly toxic ingredient used in the manufacture of chemical dyes of which they had a huge supply. Their action unleashed an escalation of poison gas weapons as both sides developed different chemicals and more effective counter measures. Their use of culminated in a bold British plan that unfolded beneath the battlefield at Messine Ridge. British mining and explosive experts planted 450 tons of high explosive hidden in a network of tunnels under Messine ridge. When ignited, they created the biggest land mine in history–killing 10,000 German soldiers. The explosion rattled windows at 10 Downing St., 140 miles away and registered as an earthquake in Switzerland.
2430	WWI: The First Modern War	Underwater Killers	War	8.0	The Atlantic became a killing field as German submarines took on the might of the dominant British Navy. The stealth and silent killers were able to sink 5,200 ships by war's end, and nearly brought Britain to its knees. But in their frenzy of attacks, the Germans sink the US passenger liner Lusitania, killing nearly 2,000 on board. American outrage helped President Wilson get Congress to finally agree to enter the war. In the end, the Allied Atlantic blockade forces Germany to surrender, but the submarine was established as an effective military weapon.
2438	Running Wild with Bear Grylls	Running Wild with Bear Grylls	Drama	10.0	In this hourlong alternative series, the famed adventurer, writer and television host will take eight entertainment and sports stars into the most remote and pristine locations in the U.S. and around the world for a 48-hour journey of a lifetime.
2438	Running Wild with Bear Grylls	Zac Efron	Drama	10.0	Bear Grylls takes actor Zac Efron on an adventure-filled trip into the wilds of the Catskill Mountains.
2438	Running Wild with Bear Grylls	Ben Stiller	Drama	10.0	World-renowned survivalist Bear Grylls ("Get Out Alive with Bear Grylls," "Man vs. Wild") meets actor Ben Stiller ("Secret Life of Walter Mitty") on the rugged mountains of the Isle of Skye in Northern Scotland to go on a once in a lifetime adventure. As they explore their surroundings Bear tests Ben's limits in an effort to see how he measures up to the unpredictable and unforgiving challenges of Mother Nature.
2438	Running Wild with Bear Grylls	Channing Tatum	Drama	10.0	World-renowned survivalist Bear Grylls ("Get Out Alive with Bear Grylls," "Man vs. Wild") spends two days with actor Channing Tatum ("22 Jump Street") traveling through the tough terrain of Yosemite National Park in California. As they encounter challenging obstacles, Channing approaches his adventure with the attitude that if Bear can do it, then he can too..or he'll die trying.
2438	Running Wild with Bear Grylls	Tom Arnold	Drama	10.0	World-renowned survivalist Bear Grylls ("Get Out Alive with Bear Grylls," "Man vs. Wild") takes Tom Arnold ("Sons of Anarchy") through the unpredictable coastal mountains of Oregon, taking on steep terrain, river crossings and oceanside cliffs. Arnold attempts to channel the courage and determination from his weight-loss struggle in order to tackle a journey that takes him to the brink of mental and physical exhaustion.
2438	Running Wild with Bear Grylls	Tamron Hall	Drama	10.0	World-renowned survivalist Bear Grylls ("Get Out Alive with Bear Grylls," "Man vs. Wild") spends two days in the remote Utah desert with Tamron Hall ("The Today show") getting to know the depths of her personal tragedies and triumphs of her life, while challenging her along the way. Hall makes small talk with an unlikely friend in the wild and later struggles when she finds him on her dinner plate.
2438	Running Wild with Bear Grylls	Deion Sanders	Drama	10.0	World-renowned survivalist Bear Grylls ("Get Out Alive with Bear Grylls," "Man vs. Wild") takes NFL hall of famer Deion Sanders to the mesas and canyons of Utah for his first ever camping trip. Even though Sanders is a fish out of water, he takes a huge leap of faith and accepts Bear's challenges.
2438	Running Wild with Bear Grylls	Kate Hudson	Drama	10.0	Famed adventurer, writer and television host Bear Grylls is back for a second season of "Running Wild with Bear Grylls." In the premiere episode, Bear takes Oscar nominee Kate Hudson ("Glee") on an adventure she will not soon forget. Their 48 hour journey finds them in the midst of the Dolomites, one of the most treacherous mountain ranges in Italy. As they hike toward the Austrian border on snow-covered exposed rock cliffs, they make some historical discoveries and work together to survive the elements. Kate also gives Bear a peek into her unique upbringing. .
2438	Running Wild with Bear Grylls	Jesse Tyler Ferguson	Drama	10.0	High above the Italian Alps, Emmy-nominated actor Jesse Tyler Ferguson joins Bear Grylls for a 48 hour adventure of a lifetime. As the two negotiate the Croda Dei Toni, a snowy peak referred to as the "Mountain of Thunders," they will make a 6,000 foot descent along steep sheer cliffs and sharp ridges, build a snow cave for shelter and eventually rappel a frozen waterfall to their extraction point. Along the way, Ferguson shares some personal insight about his sudden rise to fame with "Modern Family," his fight for marriage equality and the challenges he faced growing up.
2438	Running Wild with Bear Grylls	Kate Winslet	Drama	10.0	Bear Grylls takes Oscar-winning actress Kate Winslet on the ride of her life as they "paramotor" to the top of the Snowdonia Mountains in Wales. They will descend through jagged, rocky cliffs and ascend up deep canyons to get to their destination on the coast. They will gather trout and earth worms and must set up camp in the very windy environment to rest before their final swim in the icy ocean waves. Along the way, Kate talks humorously about her humble upbringing and also reveals the unwavering determination that has helped her achieve movie star status.
2438	Running Wild with Bear Grylls	Ed Helms	Drama	10.0	Funnyman Ed Helms ("Vacation") pushes himself to the limit when he joins Bear Grylls high atop the Colorado Mountains. Admittedly fearful of heights, Helms comes face to face with sheer cliffs, crumbling rock and mountain-top perches where the bottom is nowhere in sight. As Bear puts him through the paces with a cringe-worthy dinner menu, Helms manages to conquer his limitations and discover a new side of himself. He also opens up about the trials and tribulations that lead him into a career in comedy.
2438	Running Wild with Bear Grylls	Michelle Rodriguez	Drama	10.0	Bear takes Hollywood bad girl Michelle Rodriguez ("Furious 7") to one of the harshest desert in all of North America- The Red Deserts of Nevada- for a rigorous and scenic adventure. The two make a breathtaking free fall skydive from 10,000 but unexpected high winds push Michelle off course. They navigate down a massive peak and work together to survive as they repel and free climb up and out of the dangerous slot canyons to reach the desert floor. With water in scarce supply, they must come up with clever ways to stay hydrated in the punishing environment. Rodriguez has lived a daring life but learns that Mother Nature shows no mercy and sometimes slow and steady is a better strategy than Fast & Furious.
2438	Running Wild with Bear Grylls	James Marsden	Drama	10.0	James Marsden ("X-Men: Days of Future Past") joins Bear on an adventure into the heart of Rattle Snake Canyon Utah, where they helicopter on to one of the highest arches in the area. Once atop the arch, they must repel down the narrow canyons and find a way to get up the towering cliffs on the other side. Along the way, they come face to face with their dinner - a Chuck Walla lizard. As they navigate the dangerous and unpredictable terrain, Marsden shares some insight about his unconventional rise to stardom, starting with his humble beginnings in Oklahoma.
2438	Running Wild with Bear Grylls	Michael B. Jordan	Drama	10.0	Superhero Michael B. Jordan ("Fantastic Four") joins famed adventurer Bear Grylls for a 48 hour adventure in Wales. Jordan and Grylls begin their journey with a daring drop into the rough ocean waters off the coast and the tenacious team makes their way up the windswept coastline, through the jagged cliffs of Cwmorthin and to the top of the mountains for their exit. Forced to battle the elements, the two must contend with copious amounts of rain and wind and get creative about finding warmth for the evening and food for dinner.
2438	Running Wild with Bear Grylls	Drew Brees	Drama	10.0	Bear Grylls ventures deep into Panama's Camino de Cruces jungle with Super Bowl winning quarterback Drew Brees. Together, the two climb a bat-infested cave, descend hundreds of feet into a secluded cavern and ultimately wrestle a six-foot crocodile. Along the way, Brees shares his personal stories of triumph and tragedy and reveals the drive and focus that make him a world-class athlete.
2441	Love Sick: The Series	Love Sick: The Series	Drama	none	Phun has a girlfriend but his father wants him to date his friend's daughter. Phun's little sister, Pang, is obsessed with boys' love. Phun needs to convince Pang that he has a boyfriend so that she can help talk their father around the idea of dating his friend's daughter. So he asked Noh to become his fake boyfriend in exchange for helping Noh raising fund for his Music Club. However, the two 17 years old high school boys eventually fall in love after the deal brought them closer together. ~~ Based on the online Thai BL novel "LOVE SICK: The Chaotic Lives of Blue Shorts Guys"
2444	Full House	Full House	Drama	none	By accident, a big super star and a young woman who wants to become a writer come to live together in the same house where they fall in love with each other.
2445	My Captain	My Captain	Action	1.0	The woman on the ship - not good. The unharmonious riverboat crew, led by its unbearable captain Ivan Akimov, was convinced in this lesson the very hard way. Beautiful Varvara got the dangerous mission - Taming of the Shrew Captain. This is a hot history on water in which there is no place to hide or go ashore.
2446	Your Pretty Face Is Going to Hell	Your Pretty Face Is Going to Hell	Comedy	none	"Your Pretty Face Is Going To Hell" is a live-action workplace comedy about Gary, an associate demon, as he attempts to capture souls on earth in order to climb the corporate ladder of the underworld. Gary hopes to advance in Hell, but he may be too stupid, lazy and kind-hearted to realize his dreams of promotion. Meanwhile, Gary's intern Claude is more talented, more devious and will do whatever it takes to impress Satan.
2446	Your Pretty Face Is Going to Hell	Welcome to Hell (Pilot)	Comedy	none	Demon Gary and his intern, Claude, meet with a pro baseball player to convince him to thank the devil for his success on the field in the premiere of this live-action workplace comedy set in hell.
2446	Your Pretty Face Is Going to Hell	Bone Garden	Comedy	none	Gary must save Satan's condo from being sold. Later, he finds out Satan's mistress is his first love.
2446	Your Pretty Face Is Going to Hell	Take Life by the Horns	Comedy	none	Gary is stranded in the Appalachian mountains after a plan to put Satan's face on the nickel.
2446	Your Pretty Face Is Going to Hell	Schmickler83!	Comedy	none	Gary loses his summon word at a concert.
2446	Your Pretty Face Is Going to Hell	Devil in the Details	Comedy	none	Gary helps a high school drama class make a Satan-glorifying musical.
2446	Your Pretty Face Is Going to Hell	People in Hell Want Ice Water	Comedy	none	Demons compete for a drink of ice water.
2446	Your Pretty Face Is Going to Hell	Psyklone and the Thin Twins	Comedy	none	Gary goes AWOL, and Satan sends for his top bounty hunters in order to collect him.
2446	Your Pretty Face Is Going to Hell	Shoulder Work	Comedy	none	Gary gets help from an unexpected friend when learning the subtleties of working someone's conscience.
2446	Your Pretty Face Is Going to Hell	New-Cronomicon	Comedy	none	After the devil book has been rewritten as a teen romance, the Demons go to Earth to promote it.
2446	Your Pretty Face Is Going to Hell	Witches	Comedy	none	The demons locate a hole to the female side of Hell.
2446	Your Pretty Face Is Going to Hell	Cerberus	Comedy	none	Tired of guarding the gate to Hell, Cerberus drags Gary out to Earth.
2448	Death Row Stories	Death Row Stories	Drama	none	"Death Row Stories" is a series of one-hour documentaries. Each episode attempts to unravel the truth behind a different capital murder case. Executive produced by Alex Gibney and Robert Redford and narrated by Susan Sarandon, these stories call into question various beliefs surrounding America's justice system and the death penalty.
2448	Death Row Stories	Edward Lee Elmore: Innocence and the Intern	Drama	none	Capital-murder cases are examined in this documentary series. First up: The case of Edward Lee Elmore is recalled. Elmore was convicted in 1982 for sexually assaulting and murdering a woman in Greenwood, S.C., and was released from prison in 2012.
2448	Death Row Stories	Gloria Killian: Ride to the Rescue	Drama	none	Examining the case of Gloria Killian, who was convicted of a 1981 murder and served more than 16 years in prison before being exonerated in 2002.
2448	Death Row Stories	Joe D'Ambrosio: Blood & Water	Drama	none	No one listened to 27-year old Army vet Joe D'Ambrosio's pleas of innocence in the 1988 murder of Tony Klann, until Father Neil Kookoothe began investigating and discovered a shocking cover-up.
2448	Death Row Stories	James Duckett: Killer Cop	Drama	none	Detective Marshall Frank attempts to exonerate his fellow cop James Duckett, who is sentenced to death for the rape and murder of an eleven year-old girl.
2448	Death Row Stories	John Thompson: Rough Justice in the Big Easy	Drama	none	When petty criminal John Thompson is convicted on capital murder charges, two successful Philadelphia lawyers agree to represent him, but soon discover that their legal rules don't necessarily apply in New Orleans.
2448	Death Row Stories	Kris Maharaj: Murder in Miami	Drama	none	Kris Maharaj went from wealthy businessman to Florida's death row. He claims he was framed for a double murder allegedly ordered by Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar. Now, a judge has opened the door for a possible re-trial.
2448	Death Row Stories	Timothy Hennis: Double Jeopardy	Drama	none	Kris Maharaj went from wealthy businessman to Florida's death row. He claims he was framed for a double murder allegedly ordered by Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar. Now, a judge has opened the door for a possible re-trial.
2448	Death Row Stories	Nathan Dunlap: Eye for an Eye	Drama	none	With a re-election campaign looming, Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper will decide the fate of seventeen year death row inmate Nathan Dunlap who was convicted of mass murder at a Chuck E. Cheese's restaurant in Aurora.
2448	Death Row Stories	Mother vs. Texas	Drama	none	A Texas mother is sentenced to death after being convicted of murdering her two young sons in their Dallas-area home.
2448	Death Row Stories	Murder in Paris	Drama	none	A small-town Illinois barfly is quickly sentenced to death for the alleged murder of a pair of newlyweds.
2448	Death Row Stories	Murder on the Mountain	Drama	none	An eight-year-old boy is the only survivor of a brutal family massacre in a California home.
2448	Death Row Stories	Kevin Cooper	Drama	none	Kevin Cooper, who was convicted of murdering the Ryen family and whose case is featured on this week's CNN Original Series "Death Row Stories," has been on death row since 1985.
2450	Home Free	Home Free	DIY	none	FOX has ordered "HOME FREE", a new competition series that will feature never-before-seen twists and plenty of surprises, as couples vie to win their dream home. From Relativity Television and executive producer Tom Forman ("Extreme Makeover: Home Edition"), and hosted by famed professional contractor Mike Holmes ("Holmes on Homes®"), the eight-episode unscripted series breaks ground Wednesday, July 22 (9:00-10:00 PM ET/PT) on FOX.
2450	Home Free	Welcome Holmes	DIY	none	Hosted by renowned home contractor Mike Holmes, HOME FREE features nine deserving couples who are challenged to revive one run-down home every week in hopes of winning a dream home!
2450	Home Free	No Place Like Holmes	DIY	none	Mike Holmes and the contestants are back to tackle another home renovation! With just five days to make over a home, who will impress Mike with their skills and who will crack under the pressure?
2450	Home Free	Holmes Rules	DIY	none	The renovations continue as Mike guides each couple on the quest to win their dream home!
2450	Home Free	Hammer It Holmes	DIY	none	Find out who will master their renovation skills and who will crack under the pressure!
2450	Home Free	Holmes Sweet Home	DIY	none	Things heat up in Atlanta as Mike puts each couple's construction know-how to the test! Who will have to hang up their hard hats this week and head home?
2450	Home Free	Go Big Or Go Holmes	DIY	none	The competition gets intense as Mike puts on the pressure! Who will succeed and who will get eliminated?
2450	Home Free	Long Journey Holmes	DIY	none	The competition continues as each couple continues to work for their dream home!
2450	Home Free	Dream Holmes	DIY	none	After weeks of work, the winner is revealed.
2454	The Flying Doctors	The Flying Doctors	Drama	none	A long running drama showing the cases tackled by the Royal Flying Doctor Service, who bring medical help to the remote areas of the Australian outback.
2455	Wild Burma: Nature's Lost Kingdom	Wild Burma: Nature's Lost Kingdom	Adventure	none	The story of a race against time to help preserve the untouched forests of Burma and its wildlife. For the first time in over 50 years, a team of wildlife filmmakers from the BBC's Natural History Unit and scientists from the world renowned Smithsonian Institution has been granted access to venture deep into Burma's impenetrable jungles. Their mission is to discover whether these forests are home to iconic animals, rapidly disappearing from the rest of the world - this expedition has come not a moment too soon
2468	Blunt Talk	Blunt Talk	Drama	6.7	Set in Los Angeles, the story follows Walter Blunt, a British import intent on conquering the world of American cable news and the fallout from his well-intentioned, but mostly misguided decision-making, both on and off the air. Through the platform of his nightly cable news show, Blunt is on a mission to impart his wisdom and guidance on how Americans should live, think and behave. Besieged by network bosses, a dysfunctional news staff, numerous ex-wives and children of all ages, Blunt's only support is the heavy-drinking, devoted manservant he transplanted from the U.K. to join him in Los Angeles.
2468	Blunt Talk	I Seem to Be Running Out of Dreams for Myself	Drama	6.7	A comedy about an opinionated British broadcaster in Los Angeles begins with a drunken escapade landing him in jail, which leaves him scrambling to save his cable news show from cancellation.
2468	Blunt Talk	I Experience Shame and Anticipate Punishment	Drama	6.7	Walter blows a chance to cover a storm that could give his career a shot in the arm, so his staff formulates a backup plan, while Harry considers making a big sacrifice to save Walter's career.
2468	Blunt Talk	All My Relationships End in Pain	Drama	6.7	The court orders Walter to attend AA meetings while his staff entertain themselves in peculiar ways during the weekend.
2468	Blunt Talk	A Beaver That's Lost Its Mind	Drama	6.7	Walter's attempt to be a better father to his youngest son takes a hit when news comes that his former wife is dating a rock star.
2468	Blunt Talk	The Queen of Hearts	Drama	6.7	A friendly poker game gets out of hand, forcing Rosalie to book a controversial guest whom Walter despises; and Celia picks up a bad habit.
2468	Blunt Talk	Goodnight, My Someone	Drama	6.7	A visit to Los Angeles by his estranged son prompts Walter to make peace with him; and Celia gets caught in the middle of a family drama.
2468	Blunt Talk	Meth or No Meth, You Still Gotta Floss	Drama	6.7	Walter teams up with Rosalie in a search to find her missing husband, while Jim steps up and into Walter's shoes.
2468	Blunt Talk	Who Kisses So Early in the Morning?	Drama	6.7	A Celia blunder unfavorably thrusts Walter back into the public eye.
2468	Blunt Talk	I Brought a Petting Coat!	Drama	6.7	Walter celebrates the 33rd anniversary of the end of the Falklands War by throwing an epic bash.
2468	Blunt Talk	Let's Save Central Florida! Let's Save Midtown!	Drama	6.7	In the Season 1 finale, Walter makes an appointment to see an unconventional specialist, and later, causes a ruckus when he bumps a controversial guest from the show.
2469	WAGS	WAGS	Drama	none	The world of professional sports can be glamorous and full of perks, but these women behind the men know the truth…there are rules to being a WAG. From knowing how to support your man to how to learning the hierarchy of the WAG world and the drama that comes with it, these girls are the experts of maneuvering, manipulating and always making sure to look damn good while doing it.
2469	WAGS	The WAG Life	Drama	none	Natalie and Olivia begin a rivalry with former WWE Diva Barbie Blank. Nicole's relationship insecurities threaten to ruin a fun trip to Las Vegas.
2470	The Carmichael Show	The Carmichael Show	Comedy	none	"The Carmichael Show" follows a young couple, Jerrod and Maxine, who decide to move in together but when it comes time to tell Jerrod's parents, Jerrod finds every reason in the world to hold off on breaking the news to his mom and dad.
2470	The Carmichael Show	Pilot	Comedy	none	When Jerrod decides to move in with his girlfriend, Maxine, he is incredibly hesitant to tell his opinionated parents, Cynthia and Joe. While Maxine feels they both need to be open and honest, Jerrod and his brother, Bobby are well aware that this is a recipe for disaster..
2470	The Carmichael Show	Protest	Comedy	none	While the family prepares for Jerrod's birthday, a protest breaks out within the community, causing a divide in the family over social and political activism. Maxine and Cynthia decide to join the fight and participate in the protest, leaving Jerrod and Joe at home to hash out their differences.
2470	The Carmichael Show	Kale	Comedy	none	After forcing Joe and Cynthia to try kale, Joe has a minor heart complication. In addition to Joe's stubbornness, Cynthia's steadfast enabling pushes the family into a debate about health, death, and who will lead the family as Joe and Cynthia age.
2470	The Carmichael Show	Gender	Comedy	none	When Jerrod's mentee reveals a secret about his sexuality, Jerrod, Maxine and his family discuss their opinions on gender roles. While Jerrod attempts to understand and support the teenage boy, his brother Bobby is served with divorce papers.
2470	The Carmichael Show	Prayer	Comedy	none	The family's reverend is hit by a car, igniting passionate family discourse about religion and spirituality. In addition, Jerrod and Maxine must face deeper aspects of their relationship.
2470	The Carmichael Show	Guns	Comedy	none	Maxine finds a gun that belongs to Jerrod, triggering a family debate about gun control and power dynamics in relationships.
2473	Limitless	Limitless	Action	8.6	Limitless, based on Relativity's 2011 Bradley Cooper thriller, picks up where the movie left off and follows Brian Sinclair as he discovers the power of the mysterious drug NZT, and is coerced into using his newfound drug-enhanced abilities to solve weekly cases for the FBI.
2473	Limitless	Pilot	Action	8.6	Brian Finch's life takes an extraordinary turn when he uses a mysterious drug, NZT, that allows him to access his full brain capacity. However, when an NZT-related murder lands Brian on the FBI's radar, he uses the drug in an attempt to stay ahead of the authorities long enough to clear his name.
2473	Limitless	Badge! Gun!	Action	8.6	Brian risks his new FBI job when he disobeys orders to stay out of the investigation into a renowned journalist's murder.
2474	Life in Pieces	Life in Pieces	Comedy	none	"Life in Pieces" is a comedy about one family told through the separate stories of its various family members.
2474	Life in Pieces	Pilot	Comedy	none	As the Short family's lives unfold in four brief stories each week, they try to savor the moments that add up to what life's all about.
2474	Life in Pieces	Interruptus Date Breast Movin'	Comedy	none	Matt and Colleen have the most enjoyable bad date ever, and Heather and Tim move to a new home with the help of a moving company that employs ex-cons.
2474	Life in Pieces	Sleepy Email Brunch Tree	Comedy	none	When Matt invites Colleen to brunch with the family, he coaches her through the difficult task of connecting with them. Also, John, Matt and Greg try to prove their masculinity by cutting down a tree in Greg's backyard, Tim has an adverse reaction to espresso, and a sleep-deprived Greg has a run-in with the cops.
2475	Grandfathered	Grandfathered	Comedy	none	A comedy about coming of age - at any age - "GRANDFATHERED" stars John Stamos as the ultimate bachelor whose life is turned upside down when he discovers he's not only a father, but a grandfather.
2475	Grandfathered	Pilot	Comedy	none	Successful restaurateur and man-about-town Jimmy Martino (John Stamos) is used to being the most suave, most handsome and most single person in the room. But everything changes with the surprise appearance of Jimmy's adult son, Gerald (Josh Peck), and his baby daughter, Edie. Now Jimmy has to unlearn a lifetime of blissful selfishness and grapple with the fact that he went straight from single to grandfather in six seconds flat.
2475	Grandfathered	Dad Face	Comedy	none	While Jimmy struggles to adjust to his newfound family, Gerald surprises him with plans for the family's first trip to the beach, which excites everyone - except Jimmy. When he decides to bail on the outing in favor of a glamorous pool party nearby, he drags Gerald along, leaving Vanessa and Sara with a chance to get to know one another, for better or for worse.
2475	Grandfathered	Deadbeat	Comedy	none	Jimmy plans a party for Edie at his restaurant after missing her second birthday celebration; Sara's brother confronts Jimmy.
2476	Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy	Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy	Action	8.0	"Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy", the action-packed epic space adventure following a ragtag band of disparate misfits, debuts with a one-hour special featuring back-to-back episodes, Saturday, September 26 at 9:30 PM ET on Disney XD. Catch a sneak peek of the first episode on Saturday, September 5 at 9:00 PM ET! Disney XD will also telecast 10 two-minute shorts delving into the backstory of each of the five main characters throughout the month of August."Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy" features themes of redemption and the importance of friendships and family told through a series of riveting sequential story arcs. The series follows the newly-formed team who finds a strange artifact keyed only to the DNA of Peter Quill. Upon opening it, Quill unleashes a treasure map leading to a powerful weapon known as the Cosmic Seed which is capable of giving birth to the next universe. It's up to the Guardians to find, protect and ultimately destroy the Cosmic Seed in order to keep it out of the hands of those who would abuse its power, from galactic big boss Thanos, to the conniving brothers the Collector and the Grandmaster, to a resurrected Ronan, to the ultimate trickster, Loki, in order to save the universe.
2476	Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy	Road to Knowhere	Action	8.0	The newly christened Guardians of the Galaxy come into possession of a dangerous artifact that has Thanos' new second in charge, Korath, after them.
2476	Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy	Knowhere to Run	Action	8.0	A Celestial head threatens the Guardians and they storm Korath's ship to rescue Quill, Gamora and the mysterious CryptoCube that holds the Cosmic Seed.
2477	Glitch	Glitch	Drama	8.7	James Hayes is a small town police man who is called to the local cemetery in the middle of the night after six people have inexplicably risen from the dead in perfect health. With no memory of their identities, they are determined to discover who they are and what has happened to them. James recognises one of them and along with local doctor Elishia Glass, struggles to keep the case hidden from his colleagues, his family and the world. The six people are all linked in some way and the search begins for someone who knows the truth about how and why they have returned.
2477	Glitch	Episode 1	Drama	8.7	When Sergeant Hayes is called to the cemetery, he makes a startling discovery. Six people have inexplicably returned from the dead and are in perfect health. How is this possible? Who are they and why are they back?
2477	Glitch	Episode 2	Drama	8.7	After revisiting the cemetery, James confirms that the group have all risen from the dead and he confronts a mysterious and dangerous John Doe. Meanwhile Kate gets an unexpected surprise when she goes back home.
2477	Glitch	Episode 3	Drama	8.7	Vic is behaving strangely after his car accident. James relies on Maria to take him to Elishia's hideout, while Elishia uses Charlie to test the boundary around Yoorana, looking for a safe way out of town.
2477	Glitch	Episode 4	Drama	8.7	Vic finds Maria and convinces her to take him to the group, James spends an intimate night with Kate and Kirstie remembers how she died.
2477	Glitch	Episode 5	Drama	8.7	Sarah, James and Kate try to navigate their complex love triangle, grappling with a mixture of anger, grief and relief. Meanwhile, Charlie and Kirstie decide to seek answers about Charlie's past.
2477	Glitch	Episode 6	Drama	8.7	Elishia and Kate operate on Vic's leg, while James and John both increasingly grow suspicious of Elishia after Vic accused her of knowing more than she is letting on.
2478	Surviving Jack	Surviving Jack	Comedy	5.7	Set in Southern California, in 1991, the series centers on Jack Dunlevy, an ex-military man and no-nonsense guy who becomes a full-time parent when his wife decides to go to law school. He takes an unorthodox approach to keeping his teenagers, Frankie and Rachel, in line.
2478	Surviving Jack	Pilot	Comedy	5.7	Jack is about to be a stay-at-home dad now that his wife is returning to law school, but it's not going to be easy with a teenage daughter who's getting busy with a boyfriend in her bedroom and a teenage son going through puberty who is starting to develop an interest in girls. However, the toughest part will be his kids surviving Jack.
2489	Cedar Cove	Cedar Cove	Drama	none	"Cedar Cove" is a small lakeside town full of romance and drama. One person in the middle of it all is Judge Olivia Lockhart, whose municipal court unveils the town's secrets and serves as a microcosm of the personal issues that she faces with her own family and friends. Also, Jack Griffith, the editor of the local newspaper, uncovers what goes on behind the courtroom's doors. The drama, Hallmark Channel's first original prime-time series, is based on a book series by New York Times best-selling author Debbie Macomber.
2489	Cedar Cove	Pilot	Drama	none	When Judge Olivia Lockhart is given the opportunity of a lifetime for a federal judgeship, Olivia must face the challenging decision, and while tempting, she risks losing her new romance and leaving the town and the people she loves most.
2489	Cedar Cove	A House Divided	Drama	none	When developer Warren Saget decides to tear down the town's iconic lighthouse, Judge Olivia Lockhart finds her hands tied with no legal way to stop him. As tensions heat up, Olivia knows she must find a way to save the landmark before the trouble in town boils over.
2489	Cedar Cove	Reunion	Drama	none	Jack is reunited with his estranged son, while Charlotte tries to find out the secret behind the identity of a stroke patient she is caring for. Meanwhile, Justine is learning how to deal with a long distance relationship, while Olivia tries to repair damage done to her relationship with Charlotte.
2489	Cedar Cove	Suspicious Minds	Drama	none	Bob and Peggy must deal with a suspicious death at their Bed and Breakfast, and Justine gets a chance to show her work at the local Art Walk. Meanwhile, Jack struggles with his relationship with his son Eric. When Olivia tries to help by giving Eric a job, things go from bad to worse and ends up threatening Olivia's budding relationship with Jack.
2489	Cedar Cove	For the Sake of the Children	Drama	none	Olivia presides over a messy divorce, while Grace must scramble to raise funds for the library when the town council decides to shut it down to save money. Meanwhile, Jack continues to struggle with his relationship with his son Eric. Things finally come to a head when Eric refuses to work and Jack must decide whether he is strong enough to give his son an ultimatum.
2489	Cedar Cove	Free Spirits	Drama	none	Justine and Olivia must each face their own fears when Seth goes missing in Alaska and Justine sets out to find him. Meanwhile, love is in the air in Cedar Cove as the local theater company puts on Romeo and Juliet while Jack wants to take his relationship with Olivia to the next level and Maryellen seeks to deepen her friendship with a handsome photographer.
2489	Cedar Cove	Help Wanted	Drama	none	Olivia and Jack finally have their Seattle getaway, but things don't quite go as planned and later Olivia becomes distracted trying to help an ex-con she put away who claims to have turned his life around. Elsewhere, Rosie and Zach are trying to follow the judge's orders about their shared custody, but their continuing battles begin taking their toll on their daughter.
2489	Cedar Cove	And The Winner Is…	Drama	none	Everyone in Cedar Cove gets involved in the town's charity bachelor auction as Justine and Olivia scheme to help Grace and Maryellen land the bachelors of their dreams. Meanwhile, Stan asks Olivia to accompany him to see his therapist as they deal with past hurts involving their lost son.
2489	Cedar Cove	Old Flames, New Sparks	Drama	none	Grace finds herself drawn to two different men as Jack worries about Olivia getting closer to her ex-husband. Meanwhile, Seth and Justine take their relationship to the next level, while Maryellen and John grow closer but his secretive behavior makes Maryellen worry that he may be hiding something.
2489	Cedar Cove	Conflicts of Interest	Drama	none	As Olivia deals with the news that Jack may get a job offer that will take him away from Cedar Cove, Grace struggles with what to tell Olivia about the kiss she shared with Will. Meanwhile, Justine helps Warren though a health crisis which causes tensions between her and Seth and Stan's wife becomes concerned that Stan is growing away from her and closer to Olivia.
2489	Cedar Cove	Stormfront	Drama	none	As Jack contemplates taking his dream job far away from Cedar Cove, Stan separates from his wife and returns to town hoping to win Olivia back. Meanwhile, Maryellen does some sleuthing to find out what is in John's past and Grace finally decides to come clean to Olivia about the kiss she shared with Will.
2489	Cedar Cove	A New Life	Drama	none	As the holidays approach, Olivia is dead set on going to Philly to win Jack back, only to find out he is back in town unannounced to tie up loose ends. Seth returns to Cedar Cove with good news of a new business venture, but it's complicated by Warren's involvement. Meanwhile, a beautiful, pregnant stranger comes to town, and her true identity is a surprise to all, especially Jack.
2489	Cedar Cove	Homecoming	Drama	none	Christmastime is here, and Cedar Cove is a flurry of activity. Justine is shocked to learn Warren is under investigation by the FBI. She and Seth fear all is lost when it looks like their new restaurant is the target of arson. Eric finally turns up in town, and Jack is eager to help his son become a responsible father. While Grace does her best to make up for past mistakes with Cliff, Maryellen finally tracks down the elusive John Bowman.
2489	Cedar Cove	Letting Go (1)	Drama	none	Olivia struggles to support Jack and Eric at the hospital as painful memories from her past resurface; Justine and Seth clash with Warren over the fate of the restaurant.
2489	Cedar Cove	Letting Go (2)	Drama	none	Olivia and Jack intervene when emotions boil over about an impending adoption; Maryellen gets caught in a criminal's scheme as she tries to prove John's innocence
2489	Cedar Cove	Relations and Relationships	Drama	none	Olivia feels unexpected pressure to get more serious with Jack while Grace fears the final step in letting go of her marriage and finds out just how hard it will be.
2489	Cedar Cove	Old Wounds	Drama	none	Olivia is determined to get Grace to confront her ex about their messy divorce; Justine meets a troubled war hero with a deep secret.
2489	Cedar Cove	Starting Over	Drama	none	Olivia devises a plan to help Grace confront her ex in court; Justine is suddenly in over her head as she tries to help a new friend get a fresh start.
2489	Cedar Cove	Trials and Tribulations	Drama	none	Jack struggles to accept Eric's new job; Olivia worries as Justine refuses to give up on Luke after his violent outburst puts his bright new future at risk.
2489	Cedar Cove	One Day at a Time	Drama	none	Olivia goes up against a difficult new A.D.A. in court; a woman from Jack's past shows up claiming to know the truth about Jack's addiction.
2489	Cedar Cove	Something Wicked This Way Comes	Drama	none	Olivia's brother returns to Cedar Cove with a shocking announcement; Jack debates coming clean to Olivia about his past.
2489	Cedar Cove	Point of No Return	Drama	none	Olivia discovers the new A.D.A. has a deceitful secret; Jack gets a surprising new job offer that comes with a catch.
2489	Cedar Cove	Secrets and Lies	Drama	none	Olivia takes a chance on Rebecca despite her bad attitude; Jack second-guesses himself in the newsroom, leading to dire consequences.
2489	Cedar Cove	Stand and Deliver	Drama	none	Jack hides his relapse from Olivia just as she puts full faith in their relationship; Eric becomes irreversibly embroiled in Warren's dishonest deals.
2489	Cedar Cove	Resolutions and Revelations	Drama	none	Everyone in Cedar Cove learns secrets eventually come out as Olivia gets to the bottom of Jack's distant behavior and Justine deals with the fallout from Seth's return.
2489	Cedar Cove	Hello Again	Drama	none	Olivia continues to reel from the impact of Jack's big secrets; a new district attorney, a proposal, and a couple of unwelcome visitors promise to bring more drama to Cedar Cove.
2489	Cedar Cove	A Helping Hand	Drama	none	Jack pushes Olivia to move in, but she is not sure whether she can trust him; Maryellen returns with a life-changing announcement.
2489	Cedar Cove	Something's Gotta Give	Drama	none	As Jack gives Olivia space after their fight, Justine finds herself going into business with a surprising opponent, and all of Cedar Cove learns a picture is worth a thousand words.
2489	Cedar Cove	Guess Who's Coming to Dinner	Drama	none	Olivia and Will are at odds over an emotional real estate deal; Grace is served an ultimatum; Jack finds a new friendship could test his relationship's trust.
2489	Cedar Cove	Civil War	Drama	none	Olivia and Will go head-to-head after the dinner party proves their family dispute might end in court, but Paul intervenes to put family matters in perspective.
2489	Cedar Cove	Batter Up	Drama	none	Paul's sister arrives in town and pries into his life, causing trouble. Meanwhile, Grace is eager to tackle wedding planning, but Maryellen isn't; and the hostility that exists between Jack and Paul is put on display during a charity baseball game.
2489	Cedar Cove	Runaway	Drama	none	Paul cautions Olivia to be leery of Liz and her true motives. Meanwhile, Jack puts his job on the line for Jeri.
2489	Cedar Cove	The Good Fight	Drama	none	Will overstays his welcome at Olivia's home. Meanwhile, Jeri is angry that Jack was offered her job; Paul attempts to go on his first postdivorce date; Rebecca grows exhausted as she tries to prove herself to Paul; and Luke has something to share with Justine.
2489	Cedar Cove	Engagements	Drama	none	Olivia gives Paul advice on romance, but her relationship with Jack is plagued by uncertainty.
2489	Cedar Cove	Getting to Know You (1)	Drama	none	Complications arise after Jack and Olivia finally move in together; Grace and Cliff can't seem to agree on what kind of wedding to have.
2489	Cedar Cove	Getting to Know You (2)	Drama	none	A surprising confession stems from Paul's decision; Grace and Cliff get married and the entire town shows up.
2490	WWII's Greatest Raids	WWII's Greatest Raids	War	none	"WWII's Greatest Raids" is a series that takes you into the heart of an elite band of soldiers in the heat of a key action in their history, and follows them on the mission to show just how these men put their unique combination of skills, training and equipment to the test of combat. We'll explore just how celebrated outfits such as the U.S. Army Rangers, the British Special Air Service and the Black Devil Brigade have changed the course of a battle, or perhaps even a war, through their courage, daring and commitment.
2502	SOKO Leipzig	SOKO Leipzig	Drama	none	SOKO Leipzig is a German police procedural television programme, a spin-off of the earlier German police programme SOKO 5113.
2504	Goede Tijden, Slechte Tijden	Goede Tijden, Slechte Tijden	Drama	none	Goede tijden, slechte tijden also known as GTST, is the longest-running Dutch soap opera, which began on 1 October 1990 on RTL4. The programme was the first daily soap in the Netherlands. GTST is broadcast Monday to Friday at 20:00. Around 1.5 million viewers watch each episode. It is the highest rated soap opera in the Netherlands.
2512	Treasure Quest: Snake Island	Treasure Quest: Snake Island	Adventure	none	Off the southeastern coast of Brazil, an elite team of treasure hunters follows a radical new theory to uncover the resting place of a legendary treasure estimated to be worth hundreds of millions of dollars. And the evidence they have gathered leads them to the one place no one dares to go, a remote, treacherous island teeming with thousands of deadly vipers. Its name: Queimada Grande, known to locals as Snake Island.The legendary bounty that launched this quest, known as the "Treasure of the Trinity," has eluded all who have sought it for almost 500 years. In the 16th century, Portuguese conquistadors cut their way through uncharted Brazilian jungles and reportedly stole a vast horde of Incan gold. Ever since, people have spilled blood, burned villages, and evaded marauding pirates to hold on to this treasure, but it vanished into history.Now, armed with advanced technology, our team of explorers will have to unearth and solve a number of complex clues that have protected the treasure for centuries. But most of all, they'll need nerves of steel as they brave modern-day pirates, perilous weather, and one of the most dangerous places in the world, where one misstep could cost them not just incredible riches, but ultimately their lives.
2512	Treasure Quest: Snake Island	What Lies Beneath (Pilot)	Adventure	none	An elite team of treasure hunters search for clues to a vast fortune they believe is hidden on Brazil's deadly "Snake Island." But team tensions, mechanical problems and the threat of modern-day pirates could derail the expedition as it begins.
2512	Treasure Quest: Snake Island	Into the Nightmare	Adventure	none	Promising clues off the coast motivate the team to gear up for their first venture onto the deadly Snake Island itself, where they'll face triple digit heat, cave-ins, and their first terrifying encounter with one of the world's deadliest vipers.
2512	Treasure Quest: Snake Island	Strikes Back	Adventure	none	A discovery on the perimeter fires up the team; tensions grow between team members; dangerous encounters threaten to end the mission.
2512	Treasure Quest: Snake Island	Heart Of Darkness	Adventure	none	Cork and his crew follow a trail of clues into the middle of the Snake Island that leads them to an unexpected showdown.
2512	Treasure Quest: Snake Island	No Exit	Adventure	none	The team finds a new clue after a dangerous run-in; the land team is unaware of an approaching storm; Cappy worries he will have to strand the land team.
2512	Treasure Quest: Snake Island	Fortune's Doorstep	Adventure	none	Season finale. Inclement weather hampers the team's chances of reaching the treasure as they push further inland on the island.
2515	New Japan Pro Wrestling on AXS TV	New Japan Pro Wrestling on AXS TV	Drama	none	"New Japan Pro Wrestling on AXS TV" presents the biggest stars and best matches from the premier wrestling organization in Japan and the second largest and fastest growing wrestling promotion in the world. Former UFC Heavyweight champion and NJPW veteran Josh Barnett and famed combat sports commentator Mauro Ranallo provide English language commentary for the series.
2515	New Japan Pro Wrestling on AXS TV	G-1 Climax 24: Part 2	Drama	none	G-1 Climax 24 continues with coverage of Yuji Nagata vs. Shinsuke Nakamura, Tetsuya Naito vs. A.J. Styles, Kazuchika Okada vs. Karl Anderson, and Hiroshi Tanahashi vs. Katsuyori Shibata.
2515	New Japan Pro Wrestling on AXS TV	G-1 Climax 24: Part 3	Drama	none	The G-1 Climax 24 tournament enters its second week with coverage of Hiroshi Tanahashi vs. Bad Luck Fale, Tomoaki Honma vs. Shinsuke Nakamura, and Tetsuya Naito vs. Kazuchika Okada.
2515	New Japan Pro Wrestling on AXS TV	G-1 Climax 24: Part 4	Drama	none	G-1 Climax 24 continues as Minoru Suzuki meets A.J. Styles in a bout voted the 2014 Wrestling Observer Newsletter Match of the Year. Plus Hiroyoshi Tenzan vs. Hirooki Goto and Shinsuke Nakamura vs. Tomohiro Ishii.
2515	New Japan Pro Wrestling on AXS TV	G-1 Climax 24: Part 5	Drama	none	Hiroshi Tanahashi and Shinsuke Nakamura renew their rivlary in a pivotal G1 Climax 24 battle. Kazuchika Okada meets Yujiro Takahashi and Tomoaki Honma faces Katsuyori Shibata in other tournament action.
2515	New Japan Pro Wrestling on AXS TV	G-1 Climax 24: Part 6	Drama	none	Hiroshi Tanahashi and Kazuchika Okada can advance to the G-1 Climax 24 Final with wins over Davey Boy Smith Jr. and Minoru Suzuki respectively. Shinsuke Nakamura and A.J. Styles look to stay in contention versus Bad Luck Fale and Tougi Makabe.
2515	New Japan Pro Wrestling on AXS TV	G-1 Climax 24: Part 7	Drama	none	A.J. Styles faces Hiroshi Tanahashi in the third place match of G1 Climax 24 and Hirooki Goto meets Katsuyori Shibata in a pair of four star matches.
2515	New Japan Pro Wrestling on AXS TV	G-1 Climax 24: Part 8	Drama	none	The greatest tournament in professional wrestling history concludes as Shinsuke Nakamura meets Kazuchika Okada in the G1 Climax 24 Final.
2515	New Japan Pro Wrestling on AXS TV	Destruction in Kobe: Part 1	Drama	none	KUSHIDA defends the IWGP Jr. Heavyweight title against Ryusuke Taguchi. Tag-team action featuring Kazushi Sakuraba, Minoru Suzuki, Tetsuya Naito, and A.J. Styles.
2515	New Japan Pro Wrestling on AXS TV	Destruction in Kobe: Part 2	Drama	none	Hiroshi Tanahashi faces rival Katsuyori Shibata in a brutal five-star classic encounter. Togi Makabe meets Hirooki Goto.
2515	New Japan Pro Wrestling on AXS TV	Destruction in Kobe: Part 3	Drama	none	Bad Luck Fale defends the IWGP Intercontinental title against Shinsuke Nakamura. Doc Gallows and Karl Anderson defend the IWGP Tag title against Kazuchika Okada and YOSHI-HASHI.
2515	New Japan Pro Wrestling on AXS TV	King Of Pro-Wrestling 2014: Part 1	Drama	none	Kazuchika Okada faces Tetsuya Naito for the right to challenge the IWGP Heavyweight Champion at Wrestle Kingdom 9. Ryusuke Taguchi defends the IWGP Jr. Heavyweight title against El Desperado and Shinsuke Nakamura and Katsuyori Shibata renew their rivalry in tag team action.
2515	New Japan Pro Wrestling on AXS TV	King Of Pro-Wrestling 2014: Part 2	Drama	none	A.J. Styles defends the IWGP Heavyweight title against Hiroshi Tanahashi.
2515	New Japan Pro Wrestling on AXS TV	Power Struggle 2014: Part 1	Drama	none	Chase Owens defends the NWA Jr. Heavyweight title against Jushin Thunder Liger. Ryusuke Taguchi defends the IWGP Jr. Heavyweight title against Taichi and the Time Splitters defend the IWGP Jr. Tag title against Kyle O'Reilly and Bobby Fish.
2517	My Babysitter's a Vampire	My Babysitter's a Vampire	Comedy	none	"My Babysitter's a Vampire" is a comedic spin on pop culture vampires and scary movies in general, tells the story of three teens who believe their new babysitter is a real bloodsucking creature of the night -- and it's now up to them to rid their sleepy little town of the menace.
2520	Orange Marmalade	Orange Marmalade	Fantasy	none	Baek Ma Ri (Seol Hyun) is a senior high student who is also a vampire. She attends for school which all the students are human but she's a vampire. She has to keep her real identity hidden and acts like a common girl. But deep inside, she holds the grudge for all people around her talking fuss and mocking about vampires. Meanwhile, Jung Jae Min (Yeo Jin Goo) is a popular male student who will fall in love with Baek Ma Ri.
2524	God Eater	God Eater	Action	9.0	The Far East, 2071. The domain of the mad gods. In the early 2050s, unknown life forms called "Oracle cells" begin their uncontrolled consumption of all life on Earth. Their ravenous appetite and remarkable adaptability earn them first dread, then awe, and finally the name "aragami". In the face of an enemy completely immune to conventional weapons, urban civilization collapses, and each day humanity is driven further and further toward extinction. One single ray of hope remains for humanity. Following the development of "God Arcs"—living weapons which incorporate Oracle cells—their wielders are organized into an elite force. In a world ravaged by mad gods, these "God Eaters" fight a desperate war..
2525	Unit Luchtvaartpolitie	Unit Luchtvaartpolitie	Action	none	Unit Luchtvaartpolitie gives a look behind the scenes of the Dutch Police Aviation Unit. In a spectacular series we'll see how the actions of the police helicopter lead to catching crooks, improve safety and save lives.
2525	Unit Luchtvaartpolitie	Episode 1	Action	none	A french drugrunner tries to outrun the Dutch police by driving in the wrong direction with speeds up to 112 mph in the middle of the night.In Amsterdam a man is holding on to the frontage of the fourth storey of a large apartment, facing death.In Pijnacker a burglar tries cunning stunts to escape his pursuers.And during broad daylight a bloodcurdling pursuit takes place on the beltway of Amsterdam with an unpredictable outcome.
2526	Say "I Love You"	Say "I Love You"	Drama	6.0	The story of first love centers around Mei Tachibana, a girl who has never made friends or had a boyfriend in 16 years. One day, she accidentally injures Yamato Kurosawa, the school's most popular boy. For some reason, Yamato becomes interested in Mei and starts a one-sided friendship with her. He even protects her from a stalker — by kissing her.
2527	ATM 2 Romance Error	ATM 2 Romance Error	Drama	none	Tigers on Twitter JNBC banker secretly smuggled married for almost five years without anyone knowing. The Bank has a steel rule "Nor a fan" tolerance limit was that it came to the marriage. Someone would have to "leave" ... but no one ... until he resigned hardcore scene unexpectedly. ATM Bangkok on the 'spaces' 130,000 paid too! Couples have to become a competitor. Chased by an unknown hand in betting the money from the ATM, too. Provided that the who ... the money was reached earlier. The parties must resign! War between the office young couple begins with the job is at stake!
2528	Gangsta	Gangsta	Anime	none	In the crime-ridden, mafia-governed city of Ergastulum, Worick and Nicolas are two "handymen" known as "Benriya" who would take any dirty job from either police or mafia -- for a good price. After an assignment from police the two met and later joined by Alex, a former prostitute who got interested in the mysterious background of the team, in particular of Nicolas' abilities.
2529	Gate	Gate	Action	none	A gate appears in Tokyo's Ginza district sometime in the 21st century. From the gate pours out monsters, knights from middle-age Europe, and other fantasy-like beings, and they kill many of the citizens of Tokyo. This event is known as the Ginza Incident. The government sends a small group of soldiers from the Japanese Self-Defense Forces to the alternate world beyond the gate. Led by otaku soldier Yōji, they find that the villages in the world are being attacked by a dragon. An elf girl who is a survivor from the dragon's rampage joins the group in their travels across the dangerous new world.
2530	Rokka no Yuusha	Rokka no Yuusha	Adventure	5.0	When the Majin awoke from the depths of darkness, the deity of fate chose six heroes and bequeathed them with the power to save the world. Adlet, a boy who proclaims himself the strongest on Earth, was selected among the Rokka no Yūsha (Braves of the Six Flowers), and he goes to the rendezvous point — but seven have gathered there. The heroes suspect that someone among the seven is the enemy, and the initial suspicion falls on Adlet.
2531	Ushio to Tora	Ushio to Tora	Action	none	While cleaning out his family's Shinto temple, middle-school student Ushio Aotsuki stumbles upon a hidden cellar which houses a dangerous yokai. The yokai, pinned by a legendary weapon called the Beast Spear for 500 years, attracts many other supernatural creatures to the premises. Ushio is forced to free the creature – whom he names "Tora" – in return for his help in defeating them. Tora, who wishes to eat Ushio but is stalled by the Beast Spear, begins to haunt the boy in the hopes that an opportunity will present itself. However, Ushio's possession of the Spear seems to result in trouble after trouble, and Tora finds himself an unwilling ally to Ushio in his battles against various supernatural foes. Meanwhile, a greater danger lurks in the form of Hakumen no Mono, an incredibly powerful yokai with a thirst for destruction who is about to awaken from an extended slumber.
2532	Aoharu x Machinegun	Aoharu x Machinegun	Action	none	Hotaru Tachibana is a girl disguised as a boy. Through strange circumstances she finds herself drawn into the world of survival games by a host, Masamune Matsuoka. The two form a team with ero-manga artist Tohru Yukimura and aim to be the be the best in Japan.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Fantasy	none	With an all-star roster consisting of Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, Hulk, Hawkeye, Falcon and, occasionally--when she feels like it and only when she feels like it--Black Widow, the Avengers are a team in the truest sense. The Avengers save the world from the biggest threats imaginable--threats no single super hero could withstand.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	The Avengers Protocol: Pt. 1	Fantasy	none	When Captain America is apparently destroyed by Red Skull, Iron Man re-unites the team to try and avenge his friend and stop Red Skull's army.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	The Avengers Protocol: Pt. 2	Fantasy	none	When Red Skull steals Tony Stark's armor, the Avengers must put aside their differences and galvanize the team to stop him and M.O.D.O.K. from destroying New York City.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Ghost of a Chance	Fantasy	none	The rookie Falcon stands alone to save his team and stop a full-scale invasion of Earth after the Avengers fall victim to the body-swapping Space Phantoms.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	The Serpent of Doom	Fantasy	none	Thor believes he must sacrifice himself to save the world from Doctor Doom, who summons the Midgard Serpent using a powerful Asgardian weapon.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Blood Feud	Fantasy	none	To save Black Widow, Captain America leads the team into battle against a former World War II ally who he struggles to convince the team is a real person.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Super Adaptoid	Fantasy	none	The Avengers are out-gunned by the high-tech, power-mimicking Super-Adaptoid, and Captain America is the last man standing against the ultimate artificial intelligence!.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Hyperion	Fantasy	none	An all-powerful super-being, Hyperion, arrives to save the Earth, but when his methods become too extreme, the Avengers must stand up to him to save humanity from total domination.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Molecule Kid	Fantasy	none	Hawkeye and Black Widow take on a covert S.H.I.E.L.D. mission to bring in the son of a super-villain, but when he's revealed to have a world-bending weapon, they realize keeping their mission a secret may be a fatal mistake.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Depth Charge	Fantasy	none	When Attuma tries to sink Manhattan, Hulk is forced to prove his strength or perish trying.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Doomstroyer	Fantasy	none	Doctor Doom takes command of the Asgardian Destroyer armor and Thor has to convince the team to trust the one person who may be able to stop him, Loki!.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Hulked Out Heroes	Fantasy	none	The Avengers learn what it's like to walk a mile in Hulk's shoes when a Gamma attack by Red Skull turns them into raging monsters - the unlikely duo of Hulk and Black Widow are the last line of defense between the city and the Hulk-Vengers.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Avengers: Impossible!	Fantasy	none	The Avengers' world is turned upside down when the shape-shifting mischief-maker Impossible Man makes Falcon the star of his own action movie, but the blockbuster puts all of earth on the line.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	In Deep	Fantasy	none	Iron Man and Captain America disguise themselves as villains to infiltrate Red Skull's Cabal, but when their disagreements over strategy cause their cover to get blown, they're forced to take on the entire Cabal alone.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Hulk's Day Out	Fantasy	none	When Hulk crash-lands on Earth with amnesia, The Avengers reconstruct a day-in-the-life of Hulk to find out what world-ending threat could have knocked out The Strongest There Is.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Planet Doom	Fantasy	none	Thor returns to find Earth under the rule of Doctor Doom, who has changed the past drastically to ensure that the Avengers never formed.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Bring on the Bad Guys	Fantasy	none	The Avengers start to see how tough the Cabal is and how much strength they'll need to take it down.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Savages	Fantasy	none	When Tony becomes too reliant on his tech, Cap challenges him to go without it for one full day. The challenge is accepted but made far more complicated when Tony takes them to the Savage Land.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Mojoworld	Fantasy	none	Hulk and Hawkeye suddenly find themselves stuck in a death match at the hands of the intergalactic broadcasting master, Mojo. Ralph Garman voice guest stars as Mojo.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	The Ambassador	Fantasy	none	The Avengers put their lives at risk to protect none other than Doctor Doom.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	All Father's Day	Fantasy	none	Odin comes to the Avengers Tower demanding his son cease his "fun" on Earth and return to Asgard. Thor promises that if he can't prove the good he does on Earth he'll return home forever.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	By the Numbers	Fantasy	none	The Avengers and the Cabal have a huge confrontation that leaves the team forever changed. Tony also learns that "the stats" can't be trusted every time - there's no substitute for human intuition.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Guardians and Space Knights	Fantasy	none	When Galactus attacks Earth, Iron Man is able to lead him to another planet but discovers that it is populated and under the protection of the Guardians of the Galaxy.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	One Little Thing	Fantasy	none	While Iron Man and Ant Man are trying to stabilize particles that can shrink or grow matter, Falcon gives them terrible news - his mom is coming to visit, and she has no idea he's an Avenger.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Crime and Circuses	Fantasy	none	When the Circus of Crime rolls into town, Hawkeye's dark past begins to surface and puts the Avengers in danger.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Exodus	Fantasy	none	Iron Man's confidence is shaken after he inadvertently puts Falcon in harm's way. When the Cabal pulls the trigger on its final plan, Tony has to put aside his personal dilemma and be the leader he was born to be.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	The Final Showdown	Fantasy	none	With the Tesseract now in the hands of the Cosmic Skull, the world is in catastrophic peril. Iron Man realizes teaming up with the rest of the Cabal might be their only chance for victory.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Thanos Rising	Fantasy	none	With the help of Arsenal, a robot created by Howard Stark for Tony, the Avengers must stop Thanos from gaining the Power Stone - an energy force so powerful that it could cause mass destruction.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Valhalla Can Wait	Fantasy	none	Hulk and Thor are tricked into a battle and transported to Valhalla to find out who is the strongest, once and for all. But under Hela's rule, only the loser of their contest may return to Earth while the winner will become her consort and champion.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Ghosts of the Past	Fantasy	none	Red Skull has information that could help the Avengers save the world from Thanos, but an intruder kidnaps Skull before they can retrieve it. Cap discovers that the trespasser is none other than his old partner Bucky Barnes, now the Winter Soldier, who's back and seeks revenge.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Beneath the Surface	Fantasy	none	When Hawkeye and Black Widow stumble upon the Serpent Crown, they must work together to stop Attuma's battalion from destroying Atlantis.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Nighthawk	Fantasy	none	When a mysterious new villain uses the individualized counter measures Falcon created when he was at S.H.I.E.L.D. to take out the Avengers one by one, he must figure out a way to save his team.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	The Age of Tony Stark	Fantasy	none	When the Time Stone becomes attached to Tony's arc reactor, it causes him to de-age and brings dangers from other eras, including dinosaurs, into present-day New York City.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Head to Head	Fantasy	none	Tony believes the Avengers have reached the pinnacle of perfection, but when M.O.D.O.K. uses the Mind Stone to assume control of S.H.I.E.L.D., the team is put to the test as they are forced to swap minds.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	The Dark Avengers	Fantasy	none	In a flipped reality, the Avengers discover that their world has been reshaped by the Reality Stone, wielded by the Squadron Supreme, who are the heroes of this new reality, turning the Avengers into the villains.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Back to the Learning Hall	Fantasy	none	When Thor is tricked into returning to Asgard, he and the Avengers discover they must defeat Loki and prevent Earth and Asgard from crashing into one another and foil Loki's plan to escape Valhalla and seek revenge on his brother.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Downgraded	Fantasy	none	Stranded without his gear in a dangerous realm where technology doesn't work, Falcon must prove to himself and a skeptical Hawkeye that he's still a hero.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Widow's Run	Fantasy	none	The Avengers must protect Widow and Thor as they carry out Widow's plan to rid the Earth of the Infinity Stones before Thanos arrives to claim them and control the Universe.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Thanos Triumphant	Fantasy	none	With the power and might of all five Infinity Stones finally in his gauntlet, Thanos plans to wield his power over the Universe while the Avengers make a desperate attempt to stop him.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Crack in the System	Fantasy	none	Iron Man and Captain America try to rebuild their relationship, until Cap discovers Iron Man's hiding dangerous information about an artificial intelligence unit named Ultron.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Avengers Disassembled	Fantasy	none	An even more powerful Ultron resurfaces and takes control of Avengers Tower and Iron Man's Hall of Armors, leading to the destruction of the Avengers as we know them.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Small Time Heroes	Fantasy	none	With the team divided and the Avengers Tower wiped out, Tony seeks help from Ant-Man. Learning he's busy fighting MODOK, Tony's team joins Ant-Man to stop the Pym Particle thief.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	The Ultron Outbreak	Fantasy	none	The Avengers reunite when Captain America and Iron Man learn to appreciate their differences while trying to save the world from ultimate destruction at the hands of Ultron!.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Secret Avengers	Fantasy	none	Captain America's team discovers that working for S.H.I.E.L.D. isn't everything they had hoped for when they're expected to unquestionably follow orders involving the Crimson Dynamo and The Winter Guard.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	The New Guy	Fantasy	none	When Ant-Man joins the Avengers, Hawkeye resigns and trains his replacement on Monster Island, unaware that Red Skull is nearby planning to cloak himself using Dormammu's powers!.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Terminal Velocity	Fantasy	none	The Squadron Supreme's fastest member, Speed Demon, is on the loose and wreaking havoc throughout Avengers Tower. Hulk must save the day by fighting the high velocity villain.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Spectrums	Fantasy	none	New Avenger, Ant-Man, begins to atone by bringing his former allies to justice. His quest for redemption leads the team to an epic battle with Squadron Supreme's Dr. Spectrum.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Midgard Crisis	Fantasy	none	Thor is convinced that Zarda wants to defect from Squadron Supreme, but Hulk knows better and must protect Thor from Zarda's duplicitous ways.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Avengers' Last Stand	Fantasy	none	The Avengers are challenged by the fully formed and incredibly powerful Squadron Supreme for a battle that will end with only one team as the victor.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Avengers Underground	Fantasy	none	Unbeknownst to the Squadron and the rest of the world, the Avengers are in hiding and working on a plan to save the planet and stop the Squadron Supreme once and for all.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	New Frontier	Fantasy	none	When an alien race begs the Avengers to save them from mysterious invaders, the team discovers Thanos is plundering the planet. Meanwhile, Tony seeks new challenges for the team.
2540	Marvel's Avengers Assemble	Avengers Worlds	Fantasy	none	When Thanos attacks Earth, planning to finally take over the planet by destroying the Avengers, the team discovers they are more than eight heroes - they are an ideal.
2544	Hitler's War	Hitler's War	War	none	This documentary illustrates Hitler's ruthless aspirations and savage victories, as his armies blitzed their way through Northern Europe and invaded the Soviet Union; the disappointment and defeat that followed the collapse of his "Russian Adventure," and the Allies closing in on the German capital of Berlin. Hitler's fateful decision to invade the Soviet Union proved to be the decisive turning point that led to his defeat in Europe. Though 1941's successful Operation Barbarossa netted huge swaths of Soviet territory, the Nazis' attempt on Moscow was derailed by the harsh Russian winter, while the subsequent Battle of Stalingrad completely destroyed Nazi forces. Both of these disastrous campaigns ultimately led to the weakening of both the German military and Hitler's own psyche, resulting in the Allies' march into Berlin and the Fuhrer's suicide shortly thereafter.
2545	King Gwanggaeto the Great	King Gwanggaeto the Great	Action	none	A drama detailing the life of King Gwanggaeto the Great, who restored the glory of Goguryeo by wresting power back from Baekje, which had invaded Goguryeo prior to Gwanggaeto's birth and dominated East Asia under the rule of King Geunchogo.
2546	Heartless	Heartless	Drama	1.0	Heartless follows Sofie and Sebastian - two siblings with a deep dark and fatal secret. In order to survive they must suck energy out of other people. We follow their quest for answers as to why they are this way and their search leads them to Ottmannsgaard, a boarding school with plenty of deep dark secrets of its own.
2551	The Next Great Burger	The Next Great Burger	Cooking	none	There's no food more quintessentially American than the burger. This summer, Esquire Network is hungrily on a mission to find the next best iconic classic. A new generation of backyard BBQ kings are looking to take burgers to a whole new level, and that means a bigger, better, more adventurous experience that dares the taste buds. In this 6-part competition series, ingenuity is on full display as up-and-coming culinary hopefuls have a shot to showcase their perfected version of one of the nation's greatest obsessions: the burger.
2551	The Next Great Burger	A Burger Democracy (Pilot)	Cooking	none	Seattle food truck chefs Trey Lamont and Syd Suntha pit their specialty burgers against personal chef Monterey Salka's creation.
2551	The Next Great Burger	Experience vs. Instincts	Cooking	none	New Yorker Lex Taylor pits his burger creation against those of Aram Reed and Bob Brazell, two chefs trained at Le Cordon Bleu.
2551	The Next Great Burger	Enormous Amounts of Energy	Cooking	none	Featured burgers include creations from St. Louis executive chef AJ Benga, Washington, D.C., line cook Marvin Anthony, and Brooklyn food truck chef Andrew Zurica.
2551	The Next Great Burger	Beauty And The Beards	Cooking	none	Adam Allison pits his Surf and Turf Burger against Michael Rado's sirloin chuck blend creation; Katie Lee Collier presents her Italian-inspired Ciao Bella Burger.
2551	The Next Great Burger	Like Bacon for French People	Cooking	none	Denver executive chef Eli Odell presents his Shroom Luvas Burger; chef de cuisine Bobby Hansen uses Tennessee barbecue as his burger inspiration; Philadelphia sous-chef Teaon Everage creates The Burger 2.0.
2551	The Next Great Burger	Finale	Cooking	none	Six burger enthusiasts bring their creations to St. Louis for a chance to claim the top honor; chef Joseph ``JJ'' Johnson, comic Owen Benjamin and a hungry crowd decide the winner.
2553	The Lover	The Lover	Comedy	none	Oh Jung Se and Ryu Hyun Kyung play the main couple in their 30s who chose to live together instead of getting married, and have been sharing an apartment for two years. Oh Jung Se plays a voice actor and Ryu Hyun Kyung plays a reviewer who runs a blog. Choi Yeo Jin and Jung Joon Young have been cast as the second couple — they're twelve years apart in age and have been living together for a year. He's a pretty-boy singer who carries his guitar everywhere he goes, but doesn't actually know how to play it all that well. She's a penny-pinching ajumma in the body of a hot woman who basically supports her much younger boyfriend. He drives her crazy but he's a good guy at heart, and she can never manage to stay mad at him for long. Ha Eun Sul and Park Jong Hwan play a 20s couple that just moved in together. She's the type of woman who doesn't want her boyfriend to know th
2562	America's Most Desperate Kitchens	America's Most Desperate Kitchens	Cooking	none	The Cousins, John Colaneri and Anthony Carrino are rescuing desperate homeowners in need of a major kitchen overhaul. In each episode, the Cousins will choose one of "America's Most Desperate Kitchens" from viewers' hilarious video submissions. Then, they'll travel to their homes to surprise the homeowners with a stunning transformation that will blow them away.
2562	America's Most Desperate Kitchens	Beautiful Bakers Kitchen	Cooking	none	A horribly worn kitchen with dated avocado-colored appliances and low-hanging cabinets is blown open to join the living and dining rooms, creating one huge modern living space! Perfect for entertaining while making treats for guests, the butcher block island and colorful baking station provide tons of room for prep, along with creative storage everywhere for ingredients and utensils.
2562	America's Most Desperate Kitchens	Industrial Farmhouse	Cooking	none	Anthony and John surprise Austin homeowners Josh and Jessica with a plan to remodel their 1940's cramped, drab, dark & dysfunctional kitchen. Hardly updated since it was built, the kitchen is not functional, has no flow and has very little storage for this busy family of 5. The cousins improve flow by removing French doors into a covered porch and adding a wall of cabinets topped with leathered granite, as well as a kitchen island, plenty of prep space and updated stainless steel appliances. The adjoining dining room gains French doors out to the back yard, a pub-height table set upon cabinets, a kids work area, industrial lighting and a wall of storage.
2562	America's Most Desperate Kitchens	Pub Style Kitchen	Cooking	none	John and Anthony surprise a young couple with a hip pub style kitchen complete with a professional tap system, giant island with reclaimed wood front, all new cabinets, countertops and appliances, plus a unique tile inlay in an all new wood floor. Plus, a ceiling tin treatment and a face-lift for an old fireplace make this one beautiful room to entertain!
2562	America's Most Desperate Kitchens	Bright and Modern Kitchen	Cooking	none	John and Anthony knock on some lucky homeowners door and surprise them with a brand new custom kitchen. While homeowners Melissa and Oliver are sent away, their outdated kitchen is completely transformed into one entertainer's dream kitchen. What was once three separate rooms become one open and bright space including a one of a kind brass hood, a sleek quartz island faced with concrete tiles and a walnut waterfall edge cutting board, all new appliances and cabinets, plus a series of custom tables that unify as one or can be used individually.
2562	America's Most Desperate Kitchens	Hollywood Regency Kitchen	Cooking	none	An outdated cramped kitchen with blue tile countertops, no storage and old linoleum flooring is blown open into a stunning kitchen fit for entertaining! This Hollywood Regency inspired kitchen is complete with all new appliances and quartz countertops, a live edge tasting bar at a new peninsula, wine barrel dining table and gold accents throughout. Plus, a handmade fireclay backsplash is installed with a gold grout and dark porcelain tile goes on the floor for a high-end look. The entire space is finished off with a nature inspired modern wallpaper and custom walnut accents.
2562	America's Most Desperate Kitchens	Collectible Nashville Kitchen	Cooking	none	Starting with a broken and dysfunctional afterthought of a kitchen, the cousins blow out not only the walls but the ceiling too, creating a cavernous living area without changing the overall footprint of the house. Open and friendly, and with fun storage in a hand-aged island, the homeowners get room to cook together while making friends feel welcome.
2562	America's Most Desperate Kitchens	Austin Loft Inspired Kitchen	Cooking	none	A cramped kitchen becomes a bright, loft-like space with new cabinets and new counters, and tons of storage.
2564	Gamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything	Gamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything	Comedy	none	Charismatic Conor may just be a teenager, but he is already a professional in his chosen field known as "KidFury", a professional video game player who takes the industry by storm. Things change, though, when a thumb injury brings his gaming career to a screeching halt, a setback that forces him out of the gaming circuit and into a public high school for the first time. While there, he meets three fellow gamers -- Franklin, Wendell and Ashley -- who team up with Conor to form the school's first-ever gaming league. Working together, the foursome learns that making lasting friendships in the real world is more meaningful than getting high scores in the digital realm.
2564	Gamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything	Pilot	Comedy	none	Conor, a 15-year-old professional video game-playing phenom, desperately wants to get his pro card back after a thumb injury forces him to retire, so he recruits new classmates Franklin, Wendell and Ashley to play the game for him.
2564	Gamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything	The Gaming Club	Comedy	none	Conor attempts to circumvent life's challenges by using his gaming skills. He tries to get his pro card back after a thumb injury sees him having to retire.
2564	Gamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything	The Puddin' Party	Comedy	none	When Wendell's life falls apart from playing too much Puddin' Party, a cheesy, kids' phone game, Conor and the rest of the crew go to extreme lengths to break him of his lame obsession.
2564	Gamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything	The Chair	Comedy	none	A prospective sponsor sends the team a state-of-the-art gamer's chair and everybody wants it. Franklin comes up with a competition to see who can go the longest without gaming with the winner keeping the chair.
2564	Gamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything	The Rival's Arrival	Comedy	none	Wendell introduces his new girlfriend to the gang and she turns out to be Conor's biggest rival from the pro circuit.
2564	Gamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything	The Spirit Egg	Comedy	none	Mondale High's beloved "Spirit Egg" is stolen, and Conor and Wendell go undercover to get it back.
2565	The Fairly OddParents	The Fairly OddParents	Comedy	9.0	The Fairly OddParents follows the comedic adventures of Timmy Turner , a 10-year-old boy who overcomes typical kid obstacles with the help of his wand-wielding wish-granting fairy godparents, Cosmo and Wanda. These wishes fix problems that include everything from an aggravating babysitter to difficult homework assignments. With their eagerness to help Timmy, Cosmo and Wanda always succeed in messing things up.
2570	Man vs. Child: Chef Showdown	Man vs. Child: Chef Showdown	Cooking	none	In each episode of "Man vs Child: Chef Showdown", a team of five child cooking prodigies – Cloyce (13), Holden (14), Emmalee (12), Dylan (11) and Estie (7) – will challenge a prolific executive-level chef in the kitchen, where they will defend their culinary abilities. Will raw talent and imagination prove to be enough for the first generation of kids raised on cooking shows? Great chefs will be put to the ultimate test, against the food stars of tomorrow.Each week, a new executive chef will face off against the team of minor masters. The competitors' overall aptitude and areas of expertise will be tested in three dynamic cooking rounds as they're challenged to create a different dish, under unusual circumstances. In the first two rounds, a panel of judges will taste the dishes and determine which chef has created the most delicious and inspired plate. The third and final round is blind tasted and judged by a critically acclaimed master-level chef. The overall winner takes home the ultimate prize of bragging
2570	Man vs. Child: Chef Showdown	Don't Under-ESTIE-Mate Her	Cooking	none	Executive Chef Frank Otte tests his mettle against a team of five child cooking prodigies; from "finger foods" to a "technique trio," can this acclaimed executive chef hold his own against 7-year old child chef Estie? Master Chef Suzanne Tracht joins to blind taste and judge the winner takes all final round.
2570	Man vs. Child: Chef Showdown	Stop the Bull!	Cooking	none	Frankie "The Bull" Terzoli does his best to stomp out the team of child cooking prodigies winning streak. When chef Emmalee is stymied by the perils of the menu board in the winner-takes all third round, will she "get the horns" or fight her way out? Founder of the "fo-nut" and celebrity pastry chef, Waylyn Lucas, joins to blind taste and judge the winner takes all final round.
2570	Man vs. Child: Chef Showdown	All's Fair in Love and... Food?	Cooking	none	Chef Tony learns the hard way that small can be very mighty; Master Chef Brooke Williamson joins to blind taste and judge the winner-takes-all final round.
2570	Man vs. Child: Chef Showdown	How Eggs-Centric	Cooking	none	Chef Katherine Humphus takes on the team of child cooking prodigies; world-famous celebrity chef, Hubert Keller, joins to blind taste and judge the winner-takes-all final round.
2570	Man vs. Child: Chef Showdown	Secret Garden	Cooking	none	Executive chef Joel Miller is in the hot seat, placing his years of training and decades of experience on the line against the team of child cooking prodigies. Will he "rice" to the occasion in the "price is rice" round? Or get lost in the woods during the "Forage-Trio"? Master Chef CJ joins to blind taste and judge the winner takes all final round.
2570	Man vs. Child: Chef Showdown	Viva La France	Cooking	none	Culinary and literal giant, chef Keith Breedlove muscles his way into the kitchen to see what all the fuss is about. But when he squares off against 7 year-old chef Estie in the "Poulet-Trois" will he crow like the rooster? Or run away chicken? Legendary Master Chef, Ludo Lefebvre, joins to blind taste and judge the winner takes all final round.
2570	Man vs. Child: Chef Showdown	South of the Border	Cooking	none	Chef Diana Stavaridis tests the team of child cooking prodigies in a Mexican standoff! From Ceviche to taco-trios, if you can't take the heat, you'll get thrown out of the kitchen! The round three special guest judge is known for single-handedly revitalizing Tijuana's food scene, master chef Javier Plascencia.
2573	15 Storeys High	15 Storeys High	Comedy	9.0	A sitcom set in a tower block about pessimistic Vince and his flatmate Errol.
2574	The Armando Iannucci Shows	The Armando Iannucci Shows	Comedy	10.0	Armando's comic outlook on life is explored by specific themes relating to human nature in a series of surreal sketches and monologues.
2592	The Outcast	The Outcast	Drama	none	Post-war coming-of-age drama based on the novel by Sadie Jones.
2592	The Outcast	Episode 1	Drama	none	Part One of an adaptation of Sadie Jones's prize-winning bestseller. A boy's idyllic childhood is set on a drastic new course when he is witness to a tragic accident.
2592	The Outcast	Episode 2	Drama	none	Part Two of an adaptation of Sadie Jones's prize-winning bestseller. A young man returns home from prison determined to make amends for his past.
2593	Outcast	Outcast	Drama	none	Outcast centers on Kyle Barnes, who has been plagued by possession since he was a child. Now an adult, he embarks on a spiritual journey to find answers, but what he uncovers could mean the end of life on Earth as we know it.
2595	Dokter Tinus	Dokter Tinus	Drama	none	Actor Thom Hoffman is starring as a successful vascular surgeon who is suddenly confronted with a blood phobia, making it impossible for him to exercise his job in the hospital. He moves from the capital to the countryside to work as the GP of the village where he only knows his aunt. His predecessor was well liked, so a warm welcome to the newcomer is therefore not obvious. The empathic capabilities of the doctor leaving much to be desired, making it even harder for him to win his place in the close-knit community.
2598	Born Again Virgin	Born Again Virgin	Comedy	none	Jenna (Danielle Nicolet), a 34 year-old up-and-coming blogger, decides to become celibate when she finds her body count is starting to trump her age. Using her blog as encouragement for her newly adapted sex diet and also as a sounding board for her girlfriends' often amusing "sexcapades," Jenna is determined to make the blog a success and transform her friends in the process.Jenna's BFF & roommate Kelly (Gabrielle Dennis), an image brand consultant/publicist, is known equally for her success and ratchet taste in men. Her ‘sophista-ratchetness' tends to get the best of her, as she is constantly stepping down the career ladder to rescue a struggling man. Fortunately, as the product of a single parent home, Kelly knows the importance of letting nothing get in the way of her success.Sleeping rent-free on Kelly & Jenna's couch is, Tara (Eva Marcille), Kelly's ultra-needy client. Tara is a prime example of how the millennial generation sees themselves. She wants to be famous and will stop at nothing to get there- -except get a real job. Tara is very attractive and would rather spend time between acting gigs finding her next suitor of the month to pay her bills.And just as Jenna is settling into her new found virginity, in comes her new fine-as-wine neighbor Donovan (Tank). Single, successful and interested will he be the one that Jenna breaks her vow for?
2598	Born Again Virgin	Pilot	Comedy	none	Jenna vies to be a virgin again despite temptation from her neighbor and seeks to recruit her besties.
2598	Born Again Virgin	No New Friends	Comedy	none	Jenna looks for support and joins a Modern Day Virgin group; Tara tests her acting skills; Kelly learns to get along with a new employee.
2598	Born Again Virgin	Go Hard or Go Home	Comedy	none	Kelly lands a big client for the firm; Jenna's works on her blog; Tara tries to create her own reality show.
2598	Born Again Virgin	Back On Top	Comedy	none	Jenna snoops in Donovan's apartment; Tara finds herself on an emotional roller coaster; Kelly's relationship with Rick.
2598	Born Again Virgin	Slaying Your Dragons	Comedy	none	Jenna's old co-worker steals her blog idea; Kelly runs into her ex who is now engaged; Tara ducks a director.
2598	Born Again Virgin	Extra	Comedy	none	A conflict arises during a double date; Tara is excited about an opportunity to pose for a risque magazine.
2598	Born Again Virgin	Secret Garden	Comedy	none	Kelly's mother sees a younger man; Tara dates a guy she has the wrong idea about; Jenna seeks advice for her blog.
2598	Born Again Virgin	The Fight	Comedy	none	Jenna's writer's block, Tara's waxing dilemma and a mishap put Kelly's plans for a fight party in jeopardy.
2598	Born Again Virgin	Off To See The Wizard	Comedy	none	Jenna gets a job ghostwriting for one of her heroes; Tara tries to soften up Kelly's aggressive dating style.
2598	Born Again Virgin	TMF	Comedy	none	Jenna's ex comes to visit; Kelly grows tired of being under appreciated at her job; Tara surprises everybody with a big announcement.
2601	Hiding	Hiding	Drama	none	You can change your job, your city, your identity, but some things can haunt you forever. And they could cost Lincoln Swift and his family their lives in the uniquely gripping, family drama series, HIDING. In order to survive, Lincoln Swift must take his family into witness protection and give evidence against his former employer, vicious crime boss Nils Vandenberg. With new names and fresh identities, the Swifts are ripped from their Gold Coast home and dumped in Western Sydney. But dislocation puts immense pressure on everyone in the family.
2601	Hiding	Episode 1	Drama	none	After a botched drug deal, Troy must take his family into Witness Protection in exchange for giving evidence against his former employer, a vicious crime.
2601	Hiding	Episode 2	Drama	none	The Swifts try to make their new identities work as Mitch and Tara start at a new school. Bec and Lincoln distrust Pinder as the case against Nils stalls.
2601	Hiding	Episode 3	Drama	none	Tara makes an awful discovery, and ends up in a fight. Bec has a terrifying encounter with an intruder. Lincoln ponders biosocial crime theory.
2601	Hiding	Episode 4	Drama	none	Mitch has run away; Lincoln learns the awful truth about his best friend. To save Mitchell, Lincoln has to face his adversaries head-on.
2601	Hiding	Episode 5	Drama	none	Lincoln discovers that a hit-man may be on his trail; and Bec's renewed friendship with Ash threatens to expose their plight.
2601	Hiding	Episode 6	Drama	none	incoln finds himself giving a tutorial; Bec confesses she called her mum; and Mitch and Tara put the whole family in danger.
2601	Hiding	Episode 7	Drama	none	Lincoln is missing and Bec fears he's dead while Mitchell and Tara each secretly believe they're responsible for their father's kidnapping.
2601	Hiding	Episode 8	Drama	none	Lincoln knows that Sydney is no longer safe, but Bec wants to stay to meet their daughter; and Pinder has to cut the family loose.
2603	No Hiding Place	No Hiding Place	Drama	9.0	Continued from the TV series Murder Bag and Crime Sheet, No Hiding Place was a highly successful show which follows the cases of Detective Chief Superintendent Tom Lockhart of Scotland Yard and his assistants. The series was produced live in a studio and therefore only a handful of the 236 episodes were ever recorded and still exist.
2604	Hidden	Hidden	Drama	10.0	When the mysterious lawyer Gina Hawkes turns up asking Harry to find a missing alibi witness for her client he agrees to take on the job but is unwittingly drawn into investigating the death of his brother 20 years ago. Harry quickly finds himself caught up in a much bigger and more complex conspiracy that reaches deep into the heart of the British political system.
2608	Marooned with Ed Stafford	Marooned with Ed Stafford	Adventure	none	Ed Stafford is undertaking an extreme survival challenge. He'll be washed up naked and alone on a desert island, south east of Fiji, with only his brain, bare hands, and a camera to keep him alive. He'll take no food, water, clothes, knife or tools, so from the moment he arrives he is on an extraordinary race to stay alive
2609	An Aurora Teagarden Mystery	An Aurora Teagarden Mystery	Crime	none	The Hallmark Movies & Mysteries "Aurora Teagarden Mystery" Movie franchise are based on the books by Charlaine Harris.
2609	An Aurora Teagarden Mystery	A Bone to Pick	Crime	none	A librarian with a sharp mind for murder, Aurora Teagarden is known around her small town as a master sleuth. When her friend Jane unexpectedly dies and leaves Aurora everything in her will, she also leaves a troubling murder mystery haunting her neighborhood. It is up to Aurora to piece together the clues—-including a skull, its missing skeleton and a suspicious group of neighbors—-and solve the murder before she becomes the unlikely killer's next victim.
2609	An Aurora Teagarden Mystery	Real Murders	Crime	none	Aurora finds a member of her crime buff group, the Real Murders Club, killed in a manner that eerily resembles the crime the club was about to discuss. As other brutal "copycat" killings follow, Aurora will have to uncover the person behind the terrifying game. Stars Candace Cameron Bure, Lexa Doig, Robin Dunne and Marilu Henner.
2620	Treasure Quest: Lost Paradise	Treasure Quest: Lost Paradise	Adventure	none	"Treasure Quest: Lost Paradise" is a special series airing enhanced episodes from the series "Treasure Quest: Snake Island" that also airs previously unseen footage.
2620	Treasure Quest: Lost Paradise	Blood on Venom	Adventure	none	After a promising discovery is made, Cork and the crew make their way onto the island for the first time.
2622	Partners in Crime	Partners in Crime	Drama	9.0	Agatha Christie spy drama. Husband and wife team Tommy and Tuppence Beresford are amateur sleuths who foil plots in 1950s Cold War Britain.
2629	Beyond Scared Straight: Extreme Teens	Beyond Scared Straight: Extreme Teens	Drama	none	"Beyond Scared Straight: Extreme Teens" includes new footage and interviews enhance previous episodes of the juvenile crime prevention series.
2629	Beyond Scared Straight: Extreme Teens	Suffolk County, MA (Boys)	Drama	none	Local loyalties persist behind bars when teenage gang members encounter their rivals during a tour of the Suffolk County Jail in Massachusetts.
2629	Beyond Scared Straight: Extreme Teens	San Bernardino County, CA (Girls)	Drama	none	A defiant teenage gang member causes trouble while incarcerated, leading to a physical confrontation.
2629	Beyond Scared Straight: Extreme Teens	Fulton County, Ga.: My Father the Inmate	Drama	none	A remorseless 17-year-old car thief finds his world crashing down when he learns his stepfather is in a Georgia jail.
2629	Beyond Scared Straight: Extreme Teens	San Bernardino County, CA (Boys)	Drama	none	Authorities hope a tour of prison will knock some much-needed sense into some troublesome teens from Southern California's San Bernardino County.
2629	Beyond Scared Straight: Extreme Teens	Hampton Roads, Va. -- When Teens Attack	Drama	none	A visiting teenage drug dealer fearlessly takes on the taunting residents of a Virginia jail; a light-fingered cheerleader meets an imprisoned colleague; inmates reduce a 12-year-old troublemaker to tears.
2629	Beyond Scared Straight: Extreme Teens	Oakland County, Mich.	Drama	none	A 14-year-old giant thinks he's tough until he meets the hardened inmates and officers of Michigan's Oakland County Jail.
2636	Graves	Graves	Comedy	none	"Graves" is a single camera, half-hour comedy starring Oscar-nominated Nick Nolte as a former President of the United States. Twenty years after his presidency, former President Richard Graves has the epiphany that his policies have damaged the country for decades and so, with his young assistant, he goes on a Don Quixote-like journey to right his administration's wrongs just as his wife, the former First Lady, decides to follow her own political ambitions.
2638	War Heroes of the Skies	War Heroes of the Skies	War	none	Through the eyes of the heroes, experience realistic mid-air combat and see revealing interviews with the last surviving WWII veterans in War Heroes Of The Skies. From the WWII aircrew officer who doused a fire on the wing of his aircraft while 20,000 ft in the sky, to the phantom fighter pilot who took out four MiGs over Vietnam in the most celebrated dog fight of the modern era. Presented by Lord Ashcroft, these are all stories of superhuman endurance, selfless courage and heroism beyond the call of duty
2641	Sea Patrol	Sea Patrol	Drama	8.5	Set amongst the awesome beauty of the Australian Gold Coast, Sea Patrol follows sailors from every walk of life, age and temperament all crammed aboard the Naval Patrol boat Hammersley, a veritable pressure cooker of emotions desires and ambitions. Whether they are hunting down well armed drug smugglers, chasing thieves or pirates, helping fools, or saving reckless illegal immigrants, their adventures serve to bring the crew together to forge deep and longstanding friendships that cross the class and gender divide. Filmed on the Great Barrier Reef and Mission Beach, Far North Queensland and at Warner Roadshow Studios, Gold Coast, QLD
2641	Sea Patrol	Welcome Aboard	Drama	8.5	When HMAS Hammersley answers a distress call from Bright Island, Captain Mike Flynn and his crew discover a young woman lying paralysed on the beach. She is conscious but unable to talk, and despite their best efforts they are unable to save her. Thus begins new Executive Officer Lieutenant Kate McGregor's first day aboard a patrol boat, and CO Mike Flynn's obsession with the mystery of Bright Island. Something very odd is happening in connection with the Island. The Federal Police move in to investigate the woman's death, but no-one is talking. Her colleague, the striking Doctor Ursula Morrell, seems to know more than she's letting on, and Mike finds himself drawn to her cool beauty and her vulnerability.
2641	Sea Patrol	What Lies Beneath	Drama	8.5	The Hammersley uncovers a sophisticated drug smuggling network, with explosive results. Mike is convinced the Federal Police are covering up the poisoning death of a marine biologist. Kate is jealous of Mike's relationship with Ursula Morrell, while Nikki struggles to restrain her feelings for ET.
2641	Sea Patrol	Ghost of Things Past	Drama	8.5	The crew of the HMAS Hammersley come across an abondonned catamaran in the middle of the ocean, which uncovers the beginnings of a murder mystery. A sailor has gone missing and Nikki puts her navigational sklls to the test in the attempt to find them. The ship is then hit by a cyclone.
2641	Sea Patrol	Irukandji	Drama	8.5	The crew must stop beach frolicking now Toby 'Chefo' Jones plans to propose, for a mayday. It seems a pirate boat, but carries only boat refugees. Alas some splashing water contains microscopic Irukandji jellyfish, whose poisonous bite may be fatal for Chefo and John 'Jack' Jaffah. Chief petty officer Andy 'Charge' Thorpe has something irritating an eye. Petty officer Pete 'Buffer' Tomashevski gets refugee Samira to talk about the scum firing a flair at them and takes their side, unlike Robert 'RO' Dixon, who grumbles he must fill in as cook. Billy 'Spider' Webb is heartbroken when his recruitment 'class clown' Jaffah doesn't make it.
2641	Sea Patrol	Under The Radar	Drama	8.5	The Hammersley attempts the daring capture of an illegal fishing ‘mother ship' but is thwarted by violent eco-terrorists. Mike finds himself falling in love with beautiful marine biologist Ursula Morrell, who later goes missing under mysterious circumstances.
2641	Sea Patrol	Precious Cargo	Drama	8.5	The crew uncovers a people smuggling racket, when they almost collide with a floating shipping container full of North Korean refugees. The Hammersley races to capture the smugglers' ship and save the lives of their human cargo. Kate is wooed by a charming civilian sailor. Meanwhile, Mike is determined to solve the mystery of Ursula's disappearance.
2641	Sea Patrol	Rescue Me	Drama	8.5	The HMAS Hammersley confronts a series of new menaces in the northern waters from pirates to toxic crabs, not to mention a gorgeous solo yachtswomen with a rescue fetish.
2641	Sea Patrol	Through the Storm	Drama	8.5	The video of Chefo's bucks night finds its way into Kate's hands and she is humiliated by what she finds on it. The HMAS Hammersley comes across an unexploded sea mine and Spider manages to save the life of a boy who was near the mine, but have Spider's days in the navy come to an end?
2641	Sea Patrol	Under the Hammer	Drama	8.5	Disaster looms for the Hammersley crew when a fire erupts in the engine room, after the mascot is stolen by a rival Patrol Boat crew. Meanwhile, an eye injury threatens to destroy Charge's career, and ET takes a vow of chastity in a desperate attempt to prove himself to Nikki.
2641	Sea Patrol	Damage Control	Drama	8.5	The crew pursues a distraught father who has kidnapped his own children. Then, while searching a crocodile-infested swamp for the missing family, the crew discovers a badly mauled fisherman.
2641	Sea Patrol	Chinese Whispers	Drama	8.5	The Hammersley saves sailors from a sinking ship, only to learn they are diamond smugglers who will kill to save their cargo. Swain is kidnapped by smugglers and left trapped in their sinking ship. Will Buffer rescue him before the ship sinks? Mike is reprimanded by Navy brass over his obsession with the Bright Island mystery.
2641	Sea Patrol	Deep Water	Drama	8.5	The Hammersley races to save a boatload of tourists from being murdered as part of a bizarre terrorist publicity stunt. Meanwhile, Swain and the crew help deliver the baby of a runaway teenager, found lost at sea with her criminal boyfriend. A series of emergencies at sea prevent Swain from attending the birth of his first baby.
2641	Sea Patrol	Cometh The Hour	Drama	8.5	As the decommissioning of the HMAS Hammersley draws near, the crew risks life and ship to hunt down a rogue terrorist boat and retrieve its cargo of bio-toxins. In ordering the sinking of the rogue ship, Mike makes the most difficult decision of his career.
2641	Sea Patrol	The Dogs of War	Drama	8.5	After the Hammersley successfully pulls off the tricky evacuation of all the Australian citizens from an island in the Samaru Archipelago, it comes across an FFV which isn't what it pretends to be. Charge discovers first-hand exactly how dangerous his job can be. And Nikki and ET have to decide what to do now that they're working together.
2641	Sea Patrol	Fortune Favours	Drama	8.5	Despite being determined to earn respect, Hammersley's new chef "Bomber" Brown but faces discipline after losing her temper with another crew member. Also, the crew discover a dead pirate and a killer cargo on board a stolen boat.
2641	Sea Patrol	Takedown	Drama	8.5	An ugly hostage situation on board HMAS Hammersley sees two of the ship's female officers taken hostage below decks. It's a day of high tension, which begins when a group of shipwrecked illegal immigrants is rescued from a sand bay. Along with Afghan refugees, and a chronically ill Asian girl, are three super-fit Eastern Europeans who waste no time once they are safe on board.
2641	Sea Patrol	Heaven Born Captains	Drama	8.5	After going on a blind date with an SAS commander, Kate believes her love life is starting to look up. When a French naval captain attempts to seduce Mike, he has to call on all his diplomacy skills. An illegal fishing boat is the subject of a perilous boarding.
2641	Sea Patrol	Giving Up the Dead	Drama	8.5	Robert fails a drug test but is determined to prove his innocence. Meanwhile, the Hammersley uncovers a smuggling operation by Samaruian rebels which is designed to destabilise the government.
2641	Sea Patrol	Birds	Drama	8.5	The crew of the Hammersley are joined by a federal agent and go in search of an illegal fishing boat. Whilst on board the Navy find evidence on the boat and find the fishing boat crew start to exhibit symptoms of bird flu. One crew member faces a gruesome operation, while the federal agent learns that blackmail can work both ways.
2641	Sea Patrol	Hidden Agendas	Drama	8.5	The crew find a boy who has found a cache of guns. The boy is later kidnapped which ends up ruining a date for Kate and Jim. Meanwhile, one crew member faces losing the love of his life.
2641	Sea Patrol	Heart of Glass	Drama	8.5	Bomber Brown and Spider Webb fall overboard and as the man of the watch, Buffer takes it hard that the two missing officers might drown. Meanwhile Buffer also deals with a personal tragedy.
2641	Sea Patrol	Shadow Line	Drama	8.5	The Hammersley is once again in hot pursuit of the cabin cruiser responsible for trafficking weapons and ammunition to the Samaru Islands. Meanwhile Mike Flynn receives a tempting offer from Ray Walsman and Kate's life is placed in danger when she becomes isolated from the crew.
2641	Sea Patrol	Rules of Engagement	Drama	8.5	Unresolved romantic tension has a dramatic effect on some of the Hammersley crew, after a savage mortar attack by insurgents on the Samaru island of Minatu. Mike and Jim are both critically injured during a bold rescue mission on Samaru. Meanwhile, Kate is made acting CO of the Hammersley.It's up to Kate to handle a volatile beachside confrontation, and the medical evacuation of Mike
2641	Sea Patrol	A Brilliant Career	Drama	8.5	A change of command on HMAS Hammersley results in divided loyalties and the humiliation of the ship's most senior female officer. After a dangerous departure from Samaru, Commander Mike Flynn is recovering in hospital.
2641	Sea Patrol	Friends Close; Enemies Closer	Drama	8.5	Awaiting a call from his girlfriend, Buffer's attention is distracted by the Russian Special Forces tattoo on an aggressive passer by, which leads him to be inadvertently locked in a container on a suspect barge, heading upriver. Meanwhile, Commander Mike Flynn has recovered and is back in charge of the Hammersley, quickly reacting to a "mayday" call from the luxurious yacht owned by Ray Walsman.
2641	Sea Patrol	Soldiers of Fortune	Drama	8.5	Buffer becomes a marked man after providing evidence allowing the Hammersley team to arrest Ray Walsman, and among a team of UN observers later taken on board, is one man with murderous intent. Walsman meanwhile has escaped, but a quick thinking Mike has him back in custody.
2643	Bunk'd	Bunk'd	Comedy	none	"Bunk'd" is a comedy about summer camp life that follows characters Emma Ross, Ravi Ross and Zuri Ross as they head to Camp Kikiwaka, a rustic summer camp in Maine where their parents met as teenagers.
2643	Bunk'd	Welcome to Camp Kikiwaka (Pilot)	Comedy	none	The Rosses arrive at Camp Kikiwaka. The camp's owner Gladys, seems to be even scarier than a legendary creature that stalk the camp. With the help of her niece Hazel Heidi, the two are out to get the Ross kids, due to an old rivalry with Christina Ross.
2643	Bunk'd	Gone Girl	Comedy	none	Ravi becomes suspicious when he overhears Xander's plans for his first date with Emma. Meanwhile, Zuri and Jorge set up a secret business selling candy and video games to the campers.
2643	Bunk'd	Camp Rules	Comedy	none	Emma and Zuri won't stop fighting, so Lou sends them out in a canoe in the middle of the lake to work out their differences.
2643	Bunk'd	Smells Like Camp Spirit	Comedy	none	Emma and Xander lose the camp spirit stick, which curses the campers with bad luck! Meanwhile, Jorge and Tiffany try to teach Ravi how to swim.
2645	Jail: Las Vegas	Jail: Las Vegas	Drama	none	Spike TV is reviving the reality series Jail, but this time focusing on the lockups in Las Vegas titled "Jail: Las Vegas".  Jail follows prison inmates from their initial booking through their first moments behind bars.
2645	Jail: Las Vegas	Tequila is responsible for one man's outrageous behavior as he is sent to jail	Drama	none	A man's outrageous behavior brought on by tequila; a woman attempts to sell drugs online; after being arrested for DUI, one man thinks he is in jail for driving too slow.
2645	Jail: Las Vegas	A suspect tries to get male enhancement drugs from the jail nurse	Drama	none	A suspect tries to get male enhancement drugs from the jail nurse; a man who was arrested for DUI admits to a crush on one of the officers; a panhandler's dog wears a pirate hat.
2645	Jail: Las Vegas	An officer tries to convince a young couple to seek help for their addictions after their numerous arrests	Drama	none	An officer tries to convince a young couple to seek help for their addictions after their numerous arrests. Luck runs out for a tutu-wearing prostitute. A kid banned from the Strip gets picked up for the 93rd time.
2645	Jail: Las Vegas	A woman fights with a nightclub security guard	Drama	none	A woman fights with a nightclub security guard after a waitress refuses to be involved in a threesome with her and her boyfriend.
2645	Jail: Las Vegas	Two women tangle when one of them won't stop staring at the other	Drama	none	Two women tangle when one of them won't stop staring at the other; a man fights with hotel security guards and shatters a glass door; a woman who flirts even when handcuffed.
2645	Jail: Las Vegas	A man believes he is an alien	Drama	none	A man claims he is a law school student; one man believes he is an alien; a family reunion ends with one husband bruised and bloodied.
2645	Jail: Las Vegas	A hyper inmate says he drank a month's worth of coffee in a day	Drama	none	A hyper inmate says he drank a month's worth of coffee in a day; a man arrested for DUI while doing donuts in a parking lot claims he was robbed.
2645	Jail: Las Vegas	A woman who was arrested 45 times gives advice to a drug user who was just released	Drama	none	A man who threatened bystanders insists he called 911 for help; a woman who was arrested 45 times gives advice to a drug user who was just released.
2648	Lockup Extended Stay	Lockup Extended Stay	Drama	none	Lockup takes us inside maximum security prisons, showing us what life is really like for those that are spending several years there, their whole life, or even those waiting to be executed.
2648	Lockup Extended Stay	Savannah: Outlaws and In-Laws	Drama	none	Five miles from the riverfront hotels and restaurants of Savannah, Georgia, is a more ominous site, a place where an inmate is severely injured and a friendship is torn; two soon to be brothers-in-law are accused of double homicide.
2648	Lockup Extended Stay	Savannah: Wis-Dumb	Drama	none	A young couple's plans for a romantic weekend end in a nightmare; segregation awaits two women involved in a fight, driving one of them mad; just another day at the Chatham County Detention Center.
2648	Lockup Extended Stay	Savannah: Hard on the Yard	Drama	none	One man prepares for life behind bars after running someone down with his car; another man must be placed in isolation for his own protection, after being accused of knowingly giving women HIV.
2648	Lockup Extended Stay	Savannah: Notorious	Drama	none	The Chatham County Detention Center hosts an inmate who faces a life sentence for murdering his spouse; another inmate's illegal business stands in the way of him graduating from the jail's strict substance abuse program.
2648	Lockup Extended Stay	Savannah: Back In Orange	Drama	none	An inmate is tested when he returns to general population after spending months in the segregation unit; an inmate charged with violent crime outside of jail turns violent inside; another inmate vows to do damage because he feels like an outcast.
2648	Lockup Extended Stay	Savannah: Blood Lines	Drama	none	The Santa Rosa Correctional Institution, on the Florida panhandle is featured; inmate leaves his cell a bloody mess; another is found with deadly contraband; old-timer counts his blessings; younger inmate looks forward to release.
2649	Outrageous Acts of Science	Outrageous Acts of Science	Comedy	none	The internet is ridden with clips of people doing crazy, hilarious and downright amazing things and on "Outrageous Acts of Science", we highlight the cream of the crop. From human powered flying machines in Canada, space explorers in the UK, backwards talking girls in the US and the New Zealander that built a robot rock band the show counts down a definitive top 20 clips of people doing the extraordinary in each episode. With episodes dedicated to homemade inventions, human guinea pigs, nature obsessed thrillers and pure danger junkies the team of scientists deconstruct and explain how each action in the clip worked, how risky it was and above all exactly why it shouldn't be tried at home.
2649	Outrageous Acts of Science	Superhuman	Comedy	none	A home engineer that can walk on the ceiling; a knife nunchuck master; a diminutive arm-wrestler taking on a bodybuilder; a man that can run a loop-the-loop.
2649	Outrageous Acts of Science	Forces of Nature	Comedy	none	Nature and science go head-to-head as we countdown the Internet's best videos. Featuring an amazing shark rescue, blood-sucking leeches, and a man who takes to the air armed only with a lawn chair, helium balloons--and his shotgun.
2654	Geeks Who Drink	Geeks Who Drink	Science-Fiction	none	In each installment of "Geeks Who Drink", two teams of self-proclaimed "trivia geeks" battle it out in rapid-fire quizzes that cover topics from pop culture to science fiction. Each team consists of three players – a celebrity team captain and two trivia pros. After three rounds of raucous game-play and (mostly) friendly competition, the winning team will earn bragging rights, a spot on the Geeks Who Drink leaderboard and a bevy of prizes to geek out over.
2654	Geeks Who Drink	Eric Christian Olsen vs. Scott Porter	Science-Fiction	none	Zach Levi hosts as team "Han Solo Cups" is pitted against team "Tequila Mockingbird."
2654	Geeks Who Drink	iJustine vs. Alan Tudyk	Science-Fiction	none	Geeky trivia and a shield storm abound when team "Ewoking Dead" takes on team "Slurenity."
2654	Geeks Who Drink	John DiMaggio vs. David Giuntoli	Science-Fiction	none	Teams lead by John DiMaggio and David Giuntoli face off in a geek trivia showdown!
2654	Geeks Who Drink	Jonathan Sadowski vs. Lenny Jacobson	Science-Fiction	none	Jonathan Sadowski leads Light Sobers in a battle of wits against Lenny Jacobson and his team Ale Storm.
2654	Geeks Who Drink	Rob Kazinksy vs. Dominic Monaghan	Science-Fiction	none	Rob Kazinsky leads Cocktails and Screams in a match of wits against Dominic Monaghan and his team Lost Island Iced Teas.
2659	Alvinnn!!! and the Chipmunks	Alvinnn!!! and the Chipmunks	Children	none	The new animated series, "ALVINNN!!! and The Chipmunks", created by Janice Karman, will take viewers on a roller-coaster ride of music, laughter and stories geared to entertain four generations of "The Chipmunks" fans. Presented for the first time in glorious CGI, the series features ground-breaking animation and a new, original Chipmunk song in every episode. The series is an animated version of a prime-time sitcom and reflects the trials and tribulations of a single parent, David Seville, trying to raise six hyper-active Chipmunks. Like most parents, Dave's patience will be pushed to the limit, forcing him to end most sentences in "ALVINNN!!!"Alvin, Simon and Theodore are brothers who tour the world as famous rock stars and still manage to go to school. Completely normal... right? Did I also mention that they're Chipmunks? Along with their best friends, The Chipettes, Alvin and his chipmunk brothers cause tons of trouble on and off the stage while their dad, Dave, tries to manage these three rambunctious rodents, while writing all of their hit songs. Alvin, Theodore, and Simon are so different, it's hard to believe that they came from the same litter. With little voices and BIG personalities, there will be no shortage of adventures when these Chipmunks hit the stage!
2659	Alvinnn!!! and the Chipmunks	Talking Teddy / Principal Interest	Children	none	Theodore's new talking-teddy bear is driving Alvin and Simon nuts. So, they decide to rewire the bear's hard drive so the bear will follow their directions! Just like every year, Alvin is none-too thrilled about going back to school. That is until he sees the new Principal and then it's whoa! Love at first sight!
2659	Alvinnn!!! and the Chipmunks	A is for Alien / Jeanette Enchanted	Children	none	When Theodore disappears from his bed, Alvin is POSITIVE that Theodore has been kidnapped by aliens! With the help of Simon and his home-made high-tech gear, they are ready to fight the aliens and save their brother. It's Jeanette's birthday, but she doesn't want to celebrate it. So the Chipmunks and Chipettes join forces in order to offer her a magical, fairy-tale birthday.
2659	Alvinnn!!! and the Chipmunks	What a Gem / Family Spirit	Children	none	When Alvin sees a sparkling diamond buried in his neighbor's rose garden, he's sure she's responsible for the recent diamond heist. So, with the help of Theodore and a VERY reluctant Simon, Alvin sets about proving it. Alvin tries to get out of the annual family day picnic with Dave because he has tickets to the big soccer match.
2659	Alvinnn!!! and the Chipmunks	The App / Don Juan Theodoro	Children	none	When Dave gets a parenting app to help supervise The Chipmunks, Alvin tries everything to escape its control. Alvin, Simon and the Chipettes give Theodore conflicting dating tips when they believe he has a crush on a girl.
2659	Alvinnn!!! and the Chipmunks	Albrittina / Simon for President	Children	none	When Alvin catches Simon taking a personality test to discover his soul-mate, he decides to do the same and prove just how silly the test really is. But when the test reveals that his own soul-mate is.Brittany, Alvin decides to do something dramatic! Tired of Bocarter Humphrey, the class president, favoring his personal pals, Simon and Alvin decide to rebel and launch their own campaigns for class president.
2659	Alvinnn!!! and the Chipmunks	To Serve and Protect / Kickin' It Old School	Children	none	Simon is ecstatic when he's elected as the school's safety monitor. But when Alvin goofs off at school, Simon faces a moral dilemma, and has to choose between doing the right thing or giving Alvin detention and ruining the family vacation. Fed up with seeing how dependent The Chipmunks have become on their technology, Dave decides to take them camping for a weekend, without technology.
2668	Uncle	Uncle	Comedy	8.0	Uncle stars stand-up comedian and singer/songwriter Nick Helm as Andy, a dissolute out-of work musician who forges an unlikely alliance with his 12-year-old nephew Errol after being morally blackmailed into looking after him by his chaotic sister Sam – all on the day Andy was planning to kill himself.
2669	Lowdown	Lowdown	Comedy	none	Lowdown shines a torch on the life of a man whose job it is to feed the public's insatiable appetite for celebrity gossip. Adam plays Alex Burchill, the author of the Lowdown column which appears in the once great but now ailing tabloid newspaper – the Sunday Sun. Each week Alex interviews celebrities for his column, and each week at least one of those celebrities ruins his week. Sometimes the celebrity gets drunk and punches Alex out. Sometimes the celebrity gets him arrested. Usually the celebrity sleeps with his girlfriend, Rita. It may not sound like much of a life, but it invariably leads to great copy and the readers love it. In fact, it's the only thing standing between the Sunday Sun and oblivion.
2671	Beyond Bitchin' Rides	Beyond Bitchin' Rides	Action	none	"Beyond Bitchin' Rides" is a one hour long special series that airs Extended Episodes with extra information and unseen footage from the show "Bitchin' Rides", both shows air on Velocity.
2671	Beyond Bitchin' Rides	Goin' Gangster	Action	none	Never before seen footage and Insider Perspective from the crew take viewers behind the build of a 1934 Dodge Brothers truck that goes from bare metal to Car Show Killer.
2671	Beyond Bitchin' Rides	A Snowball's Chance in Utah	Action	none	Never before seen footage and Inside Perspective from the crew take viewers behind the build of a 1953 Chevy Pickup, transformed from ugly green beater to Beyond Bitchin'.
2671	Beyond Bitchin' Rides	It's Gettin' Hot in Here	Action	none	Never before seen footage and Insider Perspective from the crew as Dave tries to fund outfitting the shop with AC with a '27 Zipper flip.
2671	Beyond Bitchin' Rides	Release the Kraken	Action	none	Never before seen footage and Insider Perspective from the crew take viewers behind the build of an outdated '53 Chevy Pickup Truck, and a former "Great 8" Winner needs some serious attention.
2671	Beyond Bitchin' Rides	Cougar Town	Action	none	Never before seen footage and Insider Perspective from the crew show how even a new Audi R8 Spyder can be elevated to another level with the Kindig-It touch.
2671	Beyond Bitchin' Rides	50 Shades of White	Action	none	Never before seen footage and Insider Perspective from the crew take viewers behind the build of a 1933 Ford Tudor in desperate need of a Kindig-it Design update.
2671	Beyond Bitchin' Rides	Smooth Operator	Action	none	Never before seen footage and Insider Perspective from the crew take viewers behind one of Dave's Dream Builds - a totally original '50's style Phantom Fleetside pickup truck.
2671	Beyond Bitchin' Rides	Car Show(Stoppers)	Action	none	Never before seen footage and Insider Perspective from the crew take viewers behind the madness as the Kindig-it Design team prepare 16 of the most bitchin' rides for the Auto-Rama.
2671	Beyond Bitchin' Rides	Size Does Matter	Action	none	Never before seen footage and Insider Perspective from the crew take viewers behind the epic build of an American icon - a ground-up restoration of a 1939 GM "Parade of Progress" Futurliner.
2671	Beyond Bitchin' Rides	Back to the Futurliner	Action	none	Never before seen footage and Insider Perspective from the crew take viewers behind the build as the Kindig-It Design crew complete a once in a lifetime project.
2671	Beyond Bitchin' Rides	Baby Needs a New Pair of Shoes	Action	none	Dave has his hands full trying to locate & build a 1959 Buick Invicta. This build pushes the shop to the max & back, and even to a Foundry straight out of medieval times. Double trouble comes in the form of twin 2014 Audis looking for some styling cues.
2672	Outlaw Chronicles: Hells Angels	Outlaw Chronicles: Hells Angels	Drama	none	"Outlaw Chronicles: Hells Angels" reveals the truth about the most notorious motorcycle club in history, the Hells Angels. Don't miss the series premiere, August 18th at 10/9c.
2672	Outlaw Chronicles: Hells Angels	The Angels Code	Drama	none	The Hells Angels are one of the most infamous organizations in the world, but what do we really know about them? Are they a vast criminal enterprise or just a group of free-spirited motorcycle enthusiasts? Do you really have to kill a man to join? Only a few people alive know the answers, and none have ever broken the club's code of silence--until now. Former Hells Angels' President George Christie, the man some call "the last American outlaw," reveals the secret set of rules that govern admission and conduct in the Hells Angels. From the tests and humiliations a potential member must go through, to the strategies for avoiding the law, to the punishments meted out to anyone who betrays his brothers, Christie unwraps the untold saga of the most notorious American legends.
2672	Outlaw Chronicles: Hells Angels	The Wild Life	Drama	none	What's it like to party with the world's most notorious motorcycle club, the Hells Angels? Former Angels president George Christie reveals for the first time the debauchery, delights and dangers that go into the club's revelries. These are no-holds-barred accounts of outlaw fun at its most extreme, as Hells Angels reach for a thrill that can come only with women, alcohol, drugs and violence. Christie decodes how the colors of a member's wing tattoos indicate bizarre sexual conquests, but how brothers and bikes always come first. We'll see the carnage of the all-night runs to wild parties, the brutal mind games members play with each other, the deadly price paid by those who take it too far, and how drugs and alcohol fuel the frenzy. If you're a Hells Angel, every party is a test of your ability to keep up--and if you don't, you'll find yourself fighting to stay alive.
2672	Outlaw Chronicles: Hells Angels	Making Money	Drama	none	From its humble origins as a ragtag collection of misfits and outlaws, the Hells Angels grew into a multimillion dollar empire. For the first time, a real insider (former Hells Angels President George Christie) reveals the means by which members lined their pockets. This episode starts in the psychedelic haze of the '60s and the discovery that there are big bucks to be made peddling hi-grade LSD to the booming drug culture. Expanding into manufacture and distribution of methamphetamine, some members of the Angels find themselves a prime target for attacks by rival gangs and law enforcement. Christie reveals how these Angels operated, their tricks for evading arrest and convictions, and the discipline they enforced to prevent infiltration, culminating in his own unprecedented attempt to make peace with rival motorcycle club The Outlaws--a move many consider a suicide mission.
2672	Outlaw Chronicles: Hells Angels	At War	Drama	none	The Hells Angels are the world's most notorious outlaw motorcycle clubs but they are not the world's only outlaw motorcycle club. In the decades since the Angels' formation many challengers have emerged, and one group in particular has threatened their status at the top: The Mongols. Why do Hells Angels and Mongols have such a bitter rivalry? Why have they spent the last 40 years fighting and even killing each other? Former Hells Angels leader George Christie reveals the inside story of the Hells Angels' war with the Mongols. Beginning with an argument over a woman that escalates to betrayal and murder, Christie reveals treacherous maneuverings including highway shootings, bombing of enemy clubhouses and even attacks at biker funerals. It's an intimate look behind the front lines of a conflict that has been raging across America for 40 years--and still rages on today.
2672	Outlaw Chronicles: Hells Angels	Breaking The Law	Drama	none	Since the birth of the Hells Angels, the world's most notorious outlaw motorcycle club has been a target for law enforcement intent on locking them up and shutting them down. A decades-long war has seen glorious victories and bitter defeats on both sides. Former Hells Angels president George Christie takes us behind the lines of the bloody battles. His revelations bring to life the attempts by the Feds to sweep up the Angels' leadership; armed raids on Hells Angels clubhouses; and the use of a rogue mafia leader to entrap Christie himself on attempted murder charges. And we see the lengths the Angels went to keep themselves one step ahead, from smoking out infiltrators to elaborate courtroom maneuvers. It's an unprecedented look at a war that still rages to this day.
2672	Outlaw Chronicles: Hells Angels	Sonny vs. George	Drama	none	In an outlaw organization that prides itself on secrecy and anonymity, one man has held the spotlight as the most famous Hells Angel of all: Sonny Barger. A member for more than 50 years, Barger has represented the Angels in the news and in movies, and behind the scenes has wielded power as the club's de facto leader. But there emerged rivals to his supremacy, and one of Barger's greatest adversaries was George Christie. Christie reveals how Sonny rose to power, expanded the club's empire, and made it the most feared group of outlaws in the world. But Christie also exposes how Barger's actions threatened to topple the Hells Angels from their throne, and ultimately led to Christie's expulsion from the band of brothers he rode and fought with for more than 30 years. In his own words, this is George Christie's view on how his clashes with Sonny Barger changed both men's lives--and the Hells Angels--forever.
2677	Gallipoli	Gallipoli	Drama	9.0	As dawn breaks on April 25, 1915, ANZAC troops go into battle on the beaches of the Gallipoli peninsula. Landing in the dark chaos, Tolly, Bevan and their mates struggle to establish a tenuous foothold on the treacherous slopes and deep ravines. They endure the next eight months on the peninsula learning lessons of survival. By the time of the final evacuation they have also learned the skills of combat and what it means to be a young man in war.
2677	Gallipoli	The First Day	Drama	9.0	As dawn breaks on April 25, 1915, ANZAC troops go into battle on the beaches of the Gallipoli peninsula. Landing in the dark chaos, Tolly, Bevan and their mates struggle to establish a tenuous foothold on the treacherous slopes and deep ravines. They endure the next eight months on the peninsula learning lessons of survival. By the time of the final evacuation they have also learned the skills of combat and what it means to be a young man in war.
2677	Gallipoli	My Friend, The Enemy	Drama	9.0	After a month of heavy fighting, the Anzac and Turkish soldiers meet in No Man's Land during a cease fire to bury their dead. Tolly risks his life by charging a machine gun nest to protect his brother.
2677	Gallipoli	A Man Alone	Drama	9.0	Tolly is promoted ahead of his older brother, but disaster strikes when their platoon launches a surprise midnight attack. Journalist Ashmead-Bartlett visits Lord Kitchener in London with dire reports on the Anzac campaign.
2677	Gallipoli	The Deeper Scar	Drama	9.0	Tolly recovers from his injuries in Cairo, and reluctantly returns to the front line at Gallipoli. After one of his close mates is killed, Tolly volunteers for sniper duty alongside the legendary Chinese-Australian sniper Billy Singh.
2677	Gallipoli	The Breakout	Drama	9.0	In August 1915, General Hamilton devises a massive attack across the Gallipoli Peninsula to break the stalemate. Tolly and his mates defy the odds to win the battle of Lone Pine, while the Light Horseman are decimated at The Nek.
2677	Gallipoli	If Only...	Drama	9.0	Australian journalist Keith Murdoch visits the British PM with a secret letter that will change the course of the war. Tolly is commended for his bravery at Lone Pine, while Dave refuses to get help for chronic illness.
2677	Gallipoli	The Earth Abides	Drama	9.0	After eight months of failures, General Hamilton is sacked and Lord Kitchener finally visits Gallipoli to assess the situation. In freezing winter conditions the ANZACS prepare for a mass evacuation, without alerting the Turks.
2678	Dating Naked: Playing For Keeps	Dating Naked: Playing For Keeps	Romance	none	These days we're supposed to be more "connected" than ever, but it's actually harder than ever to truly connect. Online dates, blind dates, and the latest in ridiculous dating apps all make it hard to see people for who they really are. Last Summer a new social experiment provided daters with a radical dating experience where before they bared their souls they bared everything else first. Dating Naked: Playing For Keeps is a 10-episode, one-hour series that explores the art of romance, free of preconceived notions, stereotypes – and clothes. Hosted by Amy Paffrath, "Dating Naked: Playing For Keeps" is set on a romantic tropical island, BUT this time features two primary daters, Kerri and Chris, as they search for love.Each week, 2 new men and 2 new women will strip down for a shot at igniting a spark with our primary daters. At the end of each episode, Kerri and Chris will each pick the one person they connected with the most to be their "keeper", and ask them to remain on the island. As sexy new singles arrive every week, vying for the coveted "keeper" spots, initial connections will be put to the test and deeper feelings may begin to develop.Can Kerri and Chris handle the competition? Or will temptation and jealousy run rampant on the island? When everyone has stripped away the artifices of the modern world and revealed their ultimate, honest selves, the results will be truly surprising.
2678	Dating Naked: Playing For Keeps	Strip Down and Buckle Up	Romance	none	The Season 2 premiere of the "au naturel" dating series features two singles arriving on an island in the Philippines where they'll spend 10 weeks. Each week, two new men and two new women will join them, with the primary daters picking one to stay.
2678	Dating Naked: Playing For Keeps	Catch and Release	Romance	none	Chris must choose between a Texas girly-girl and a good ol' gal from North Carolina; and Kerri tries to connect with a nervous New Yorker and a dreamy surfer.
2678	Dating Naked: Playing For Keeps	Front-runners and Back Burners	Romance	none	Kerri fears that Chris is losing interest; Chris goes water couching with Mariah and plasters the backside of model Fallon; and Kerri gives a nude massage to Frankie and is serenaded by Mason.
2678	Dating Naked: Playing For Keeps	Check and Mate	Romance	none	Chris and Kerri attempt to put their feelings for one another aside after they find out potentially perfect matches.
2678	Dating Naked: Playing For Keeps	Two Young and Too Restless	Romance	none	The new arrivals have have to deal with the two keepers.
2678	Dating Naked: Playing For Keeps	Big Fights And Bald Heads	Romance	none	Kerri struggles to watch Chris' relationship with his Keeper continue to grow but luck may change when Justin, a gorgeous personal trainer and stand-u...
2678	Dating Naked: Playing For Keeps	Smooches and Sabotages	Romance	none	After a volleyball match and a game of dress up with the vivacious Carrie, Chris must decide to move on or dig deeper with his Keeper. Kerri and her K...
2679	A Wicked Offer	A Wicked Offer	Comedy	none	n the outrageous, darkly comic, one-hour docuseries "A WICKED OFFER", couples who need some extra help in making their dreams a reality are presented with a series of Faustian bargains, as they must decide to complete various scandalous and controversial tasks involving their unsuspecting friends, families, and co-workers for cash prizes. With each challenge testing the couple's moral and ethical boundaries, the couples must weigh the potential havoc wreaked on their relationship with each other and with everyone involved. As each task is completed, the stakes and the cash value are raised, forcing the couple to decide how far they're willing to go for money.
2679	A Wicked Offer	When Kush Comes to Shove (Pilot)	Comedy	none	Soon to be married couple Jessica and Rod from Seattle, Washington, have a dream of returning to their home state of Texas to be closer to family.
2679	A Wicked Offer	Grin and Bare It	Comedy	none	A married couple with a baby on the way receive a chance to win cash -- if they can complete scandalous tasks involving unsuspecting friends and relatives.
2679	A Wicked Offer	A Session Confession	Comedy	none	High school sweethearts from Ohio who want to lower their debt and provide for their children could win cash if they complete scandalous tasks involving unsuspecting friends and relatives.
2679	A Wicked Offer	The Joke's On You	Comedy	none	New parents Callie and Daniel from Sanger, Texas, moved into their dream home and would love to build a beautiful outdoor living space for their family to enjoy. Host and legal analyst Matthew J. O'Connor presents the couple with two scandalous and controversial tasks involving their unsuspecting friends and families for various cash prizes. The couple must then decide how far they are willing to go to make their dreams a reality.
2679	A Wicked Offer	Wurst Taste Scenario	Comedy	none	Engaged couple Mike and Sylvia from Palatine, Illinois, are eager to get married and start looking for a house. Host and legal analyst Matthew J. O'Connor presents the couple with two scandalous and controversial tasks involving their unsuspecting friends and families for various cash prizes. The couple must then decide how far they are willing to go to make their dreams a reality.
2679	A Wicked Offer	Immaculate Deception	Comedy	none	A married couple struggling with debt could win cash if they participate in controversial tasks involving unsuspecting loved ones.
2679	A Wicked Offer	Get Rich Or Cry Trying	Comedy	none	Married couple Desirae and Sean from Illinois, are eager would love to start a family and would like to see a fertility specialist to make their dreams of being parents come true. Host and legal analyst Matthew J. O'Connor presents the couple with two scandalous and controversial tasks involving their unsuspecting co-workers and families for various cash prizes. The couple must then decide how far they are willing to go to make their dreams a reality.
2679	A Wicked Offer	Here Comes The Bribe	Comedy	none	Dating couple Jason and Melanie from Cleveland, Ohio, are ready to get married and settle down, but first they want to hit the open road and travel across the country. Host and legal analyst Matthew J. O'Connor presents the couple with two scandalous and controversial tasks involving their unsuspecting friends and families for various cash prizes. The couple must then decide how far they are willing to go to make their dreams a reality.
2681	Behind Bars: Rookie Year	Behind Bars: Rookie Year	Drama	none	"Behind Bars: Rookie Year" follows a group of new recruits at the New Mexico Corrections Academy (NMCA) who are training or have recently joined the ranks at the Penitentiary of New Mexico (PNM). These rookies come face-to-face with rapists, murderers, and gang members who take pleasure in preying on weakness. Every new recruit hoping to join the department goes through a rigorous training program designed to test their fortitude and give them the tools needed to survive one of the most dangerous working environments on the planet. But as each day passes, the physical and emotional demands often prove too much for some, and even the best training can't prepare a rookie for the unexpected. Whether they're cadets in training or brand new on the line, the officers all wrestle with a critical life-or-death question: Is it worth it?
2681	Behind Bars: Rookie Year	Is It Worth It? (Pilot)	Drama	none	New corrections officer Zach encounters a violent inmate during his first day on the job; Ariel works to overcome her timid persona; prisoners taunt Carlos; Tyler locates contraband in the prison kitchen.
2681	Behind Bars: Rookie Year	Respect	Drama	none	The rookie officers learn the meaning of respect as they make their rounds surrounded by hardened career criminals.
2681	Behind Bars: Rookie Year	Gangland	Drama	none	Francisco reacts when a fight erupts; Tyler crosses the line with a prison gang leader; Keith assists the elite gang unit; Cohen, a third-generation corrections officer, aims to prove his worth.
2681	Behind Bars: Rookie Year	The Con Game	Drama	none	A career criminal takes advantage of Mangin; Andrew works to bust a gang member who is dealing drugs; Ariel faces the challenges of being a female corrections officer.
2681	Behind Bars: Rookie Year	The Riot	Drama	none	Zach investigates a fight; Keith deals with unstable and violent inmates; Ariel wrestles with the uncertainty of the job; PNM's tragic past acts as both a haunting reminder and a catalyst for change.
2681	Behind Bars: Rookie Year	The Drug Trade	Drama	none	Despite efforts to keep the prison clean, narcotics always find their way into the prison; Francisco suspects an inmate is high; Andrew takes inmates on a high-risk work detail outside of the prison; Bruce struggles with high expectations.
2681	Behind Bars: Rookie Year	Sink or Swim	Drama	none	The rookies begin to understand the harsh realities of their new careers; Keith is at a crossroads; Andrew tries to find the balance needed to be an effective officer; Zach faces new challenges without his mentor; a new officer takes his first post.
2681	Behind Bars: Rookie Year	Breaking Point	Drama	none	An inmate leaves a work detail; Ariel lands a rough assignment; Keith seeks a change; a partnership forms between Andrew and Mangin; a former CO wants his old job back.
2682	Club de Cuervos	Club de Cuervos	Drama	8.0	"Club de Cuervos" is about a brother and sister battle high expectations and each other after inheriting a football team. A series from the creators of "Nosotros los Nobles."
2682	Club de Cuervos	Be a Captain	Drama	8.0	Once the family has been affected by a drama, Playboy Chava and his ambitious sister Isabel are fighting over the leadership of the families professional footballteam .
2682	Club de Cuervos	We Make Soap	Drama	8.0	While Isabel is trying to get used to her life without Cuervos, Felix and Chava are trying to avoid a Public-Relationship disaster.
2682	Club de Cuervos	Uniform Response	Drama	8.0	While Chava tries to manage the team to his idea, Isabel is investigating the past of Mary Luz and Tony tries his best for his debut.
2682	Club de Cuervos	Slap	Drama	8.0	Chava has a fight with Goyo and Isabel has to deal with a sexist Sponsor.
2682	Club de Cuervos	Barriers to Exit	Drama	8.0	Felix is thinking to quit and to find a job with a different team, while Chava is trying to impress a beautiful reporter and Isabelle is becoming friends with someone.
2682	Club de Cuervos	Lucky to Play	Drama	8.0	While most players are waiting in fear for their most important game of this season, Rafael is thinking about retirement.
2682	Club de Cuervos	Our Guggenheim	Drama	8.0	Félix made his plans carefully for the upcoming next season, but Chava has different idea's about it.
2682	Club de Cuervos	Aitor	Drama	8.0	A documentary is filmed behind the scenes of the arrival of an European superstar to Cuervos
2682	Club de Cuervos	Spanish Fever	Drama	8.0	Moises is doubting if Aitor would be suitable for a spot in this footballteam, while Chava is enjoying all the fame Aitor brings with him. Isabel is cleaning her mess after her interview.
2682	Club de Cuervos	New Dick in Town	Drama	8.0	Aitor brings the team off-balance, Isabel has difficulties to deal with her situation that she isn't involved anymore and Porro's jealousy is an on-going problem.
2682	Club de Cuervos	Push	Drama	8.0	Félix has to manage his team all alone, while Chava has fun with the new player.
2682	Club de Cuervos	Happy Birthday Mr. President	Drama	8.0	Chava has the most worthless birthday of his life, while Aitor is surrounded by scandals and Isabel is grabbing her chance.
2682	Club de Cuervos	Iglesias vs. Iglesias	Drama	8.0	The Rivalry between Isabel and Chava has reached their highest peeks once the team has to cope with his biggest challenge and Mary-Luz is getting involved.
2684	Live at the Apollo	Live at the Apollo	Comedy	none	Live at the Apollo (formerly titled Jack Dee Live at the Apollo) is a British stand-up comedy programme performed from the Hammersmith Apollo Theatre in west London.
2685	Animals LOL	Animals LOL	Comedy	none	Animals and Pets can do some of the craziest and cookies things at time that make you Laugh out Loud and "Animals LOL" catches them in the act with tons of video clips not only from viewers but also from the Internet.
2685	Animals LOL	Cat Crazy	Comedy	none	From humble kitties terrorized by the toaster or getting stuck in a hamster ball – to the famed Grumpy Cat – they're all here! The most hilarious cat videos on the internet have arrived and are guaranteed to make you laugh out loud!
2685	Animals LOL	Frisky Felines	Comedy	none	Talented tabbies, mischievous kitties and fabulous feline fails - they're all here, proving just how much the world loves cats - especially when they're kind enough to do something funny in front of a camera!
2685	Animals LOL	Dogs Being Dumb	Comedy	none	Caught on camera, dog antics include singing, misbehaving and dressing up.
2685	Animals LOL	Pet Pandemonium	Comedy	none	Featuring crazy pet clips that will have you laughing out loud, including tortoises with a bad attitude, foul-mouthed parrots and some stir-crazy hamsters.
2685	Animals LOL	Doggie Delinquints	Comedy	none	We're back with more of the craziest dog clips on the internet featuring dancing dogs, conversational canines, and priceless puppy fails, all caught on camera for our serious amusement.
2685	Animals LOL	Eccentric Exotic Animals	Comedy	none	Here's a big helping of the internet's best footage of animals from safari parks, zoos and even in their natural habitats - all guaranteed to make you laugh out loud – and that means silly monkeys, a goat with a grudge, and even a loved up llama!
2687	Casanova	Casanova	Drama	8.0	18th century Venetian Giacomo "Casanova" escapes from prison and flees to France.
2687	Casanova	Pilot	Drama	8.0	Exiled from his beloved Venice, Giacomo Casanova flees to Paris at the dawn of the Enlightenment in hopes of putting his reputation as a playboy behind him. But old habits die hard, and temptation is everywhere as Casanova finds a wealth of new opportunity... and trouble.
2689	You're the best, Lee Soon Shin	You're the best, Lee Soon Shin	Comedy	8.0	Because of her father's sudden death, Lee Soon-Shin and her mother fall in trouble. They both attempt to find happiness, while Lee Soon-Shin falls in love.Meanwhile Shin Joon-Ho is the president of an entertainment management company. He is over confident, arrogant and cold-blooded. By meeting Lee Soon-Shin, he realizes the meaning of true success and also changes.
2690	In Flanders Fields	In Flanders Fields	Drama	none	In Flanders fields tells the story of family Boesman trying to survive in the city of Ghent during the first world war in 10 episodes. The story focuses on the five Boesman family members that each experience the war differently
2691	Immortal Lee Soon-Shin	Immortal Lee Soon-Shin	Drama	none	Based on Kim Hoon's Song of The Sword and Kim Tak Hwan's Immortality, KBS's outstanding 2005 historical drama The Immortal Lee Soon Shin is one of the most ambitious works the genre has seen in years. Spanning 104 episodes, the drama tells the story of one the world's greatest naval heroes, Admiral Lee Soon Shin, and all the people who helped him become a beloved figure in Korean history. The show was produced by Lee Seong Ju, who won Best Producer at the 2005 Baeksang Awards, and went on to record ratings of over 30%. The Immortal Lee Soon Shin received the Best of Best Drama Award and the Best Talent Award (Kim Myung Min) at the 33rd Korean Broadcasting Awards.
2692	Comrades	Comrades	Drama	10.0	This drama commemorates the soldiers who gave their lives in the Korean War, fought between North and South Korea between 1950 and 1953, and is designed to remind people that the heavy cost of human lives far outweigh any national glory. Lee Hyun Joong is a South Korean squad commander and war veteran who is dedicated to protecting the lives of the soldiers serving under him, despite his jaded outlook. His chance meeting with Lee Tae Ran on the battlefield stirs memories of the past, but she is now a lieutenant of the North Korean army.
2692	Comrades	Episode 1	Drama	10.0	It's October 1950, Sergeant Lee and his Eagle regiment successfully attacked and captured North Korea's capital, Pyeongyang. However, the North Korean army has backup soldiers sent from People's Liberation Army.
2692	Comrades	Episode 2	Drama	10.0	Sergeant Lee and his squad are rescued by a guerrilla unit. After running away, Private Chun disguises himself as a North Korean soldier and along the way captures General Park.
2692	Comrades	Episode 3	Drama	10.0	Private Chun and General Park are sent to the North Korean Volunteer Army headquarter. When Sergeant Lee is sent to rescue General Park, he finally comes face to face with Captain Lee Sugyeong of the North Korean Army.
2692	Comrades	Episode 4	Drama	10.0	General Park and Sergeant Lee's squad escaped from the enemy's headquarter. Meanwhile, Captain Lee Sugyeong gets demoted to Lieutenant.
2692	Comrades	Episode 5	Drama	10.0	Private Jung Taek Soo is shot but he is rescued by Sergeant Lee. General Park orders all soldiers to head toward Shinheung camp through the bitter winter forest.
2692	Comrades	Episode 6	Drama	10.0	When Lieutenant Lee Sugyeong and her squad finds a group of dead South Korean soldiers, she fears the worst that Sergeant Lee might be dead. However, Sergeant Lee and his squad are actually stuck in a snowy forest.
2692	Comrades	Episode 7	Drama	10.0	Sergeant Lee and his squad sets out to Gaema Plateau on a special mission to escort marines smuggling explosives to the enemy camp. However, Private Yang Sanggil delayed the mission when he runs away to see his mother.
2692	Comrades	Episode 8	Drama	10.0	The North Korean Army finds the Guerrilla Unit's hideout and everyone in the hideout are killed. Meanwhile, Sergeant Lee and Marine Dae Young are captured by Lieutenant Lee Sugyeong's squad.
2692	Comrades	Episode 9	Drama	10.0	Sergeant Lee and Marine Dae Young are being held and questioned by Lieutenant Lee Sugyeong at the supply camp. Meanwhile, his squads are closing in and are entering the enemy supply camp.
2692	Comrades	Episode 10	Drama	10.0	In order to save Private Yang Sanggi's life, the squad decides to exchange Private Chun for him. Sergeant Chun Yong Taek gets locked up for letting Private Yang Sanggil get away.
2692	Comrades	Episode 11	Drama	10.0	The team finally sets up traps in the enemy's camp. Lieutenant Lee gets caught in the explosion planted by Sergeant Lee's squad.
2692	Comrades	Episode 12	Drama	10.0	The squad gets separated from Sergeant Lee and then are caught by the enemy soldiers. They are sent to the North Korean concentration camp.
2692	Comrades	Episode 13	Drama	10.0	In order to save the squad, Sergeant Park agrees to become the autonomous squad captian. Meanwhile, Sergeant Lee decides to rescue his team by also placing himself inside the concentration camp.
2692	Comrades	Episode 14	Drama	10.0	Sergeant Lee and his squad are still in the concentration camp. They've finally planning to escape during the labor duty.
2692	Comrades	Episode 15	Drama	10.0	The prisoners' plan to escape fails. Sergeant Park tells Sergeant Lee that there's a mole among the prisoners.
2692	Comrades	Episode 16	Drama	10.0	The squad has a new plan to escape. Sergeant Lee finds out from Agent Yoon Jeongin of the North Korean State Security that Lee Sugyeong is still alive.
2692	Comrades	Episode 17	Drama	10.0	Sergeant Lee and his squad are finally safe in a South Korean base. However, they are questioned about their time in the enemy's concerntration camp.
2692	Comrades	Episode 18	Drama	10.0	The squad is back on the front-line. Sergeant Park is shot by enemy snipers and Private Beomwoo gets captured.
2692	Comrades	Episode 19	Drama	10.0	Private Beomwoo is slained by comrade Woncheol in front of his squad. Sergeant Baek is shot by Lee Sugyeong.
2692	Comrades	Episode 20	Drama	10.0	This is the concluding episode to Legend of the Comrades. Sergeant Lee meets Lee Sugyeong in the battlefield for the last time.
2694	America's Next Weatherman	America's Next Weatherman	Comedy	none	"America's Next Weatherman" has each classic reality show element -- from the physical challenges to the dramatic vote-offs -- will be tweaked through the Funny Or Die prism as 12 competitors compete for a job as America's next great weathercaster, Matt Oberg hosts the competition, which will be judged by longtime weather personalities Johnny Mountain and Jillian Barberie.
2694	America's Next Weatherman	Into the Storm (Pilot)	Comedy	none	Contestants who want to be weathercasters and meteorologists compete in hilarious challenges with a chance to win an agent, $100,000 and an appearance on CNN's ``New Day'' forecasting the weather.
2694	America's Next Weatherman	Hang on, It's a Hurricane!	Comedy	none	In order to get one step closer to the prize the 11 remaining contestants must battle through hurricane force winds, become human weather balloons and deliver a buggy forecast.
2694	America's Next Weatherman	Breaking News	Comedy	none	Weathercasters deal with hecklers while giving their first report in the field; catastrophic breaking news at the studio.
2694	America's Next Weatherman	Screaming Producer	Comedy	none	The contestants have to teach kindergarteners about the weather; working with an angry station producer.
2694	America's Next Weatherman	Image Is Everything	Comedy	none	Contestants get a makeover in the dark and try to impress special guest TV personality Brad Goreski in a news fashion show.
2694	America's Next Weatherman	Snownado!	Comedy	none	Contestants have to fight through a snownado and perform a weather rap for rapper Warren G.
2694	America's Next Weatherman	Adopt a Pet	Comedy	none	The final four contestants must get close to exotic animals for a pet adoption segment; keeping their cool while delivering an inappropriate weather forecast.
2694	America's Next Weatherman	The Ultimate Cast Off	Comedy	none	The final three contestants have to produce a field piece at the beach without a crew and go on an unusual job interview with special guest Michaela Pereira.
2696	Project Afterlife	Project Afterlife	Drama	none	People who say they have visited the afterlife challenge everything we understand about death. If death is the great equalizer, how and why are some victims able to come back from death while others are not? In Destination America's all-new series "PROJECT AFTERLIFE", a team of investigators motivated by their own experiences with pulling victims back from the grave – including a paramedic, an ordained minister, a retired state trooper, and an investigative filmmaker – launch an unprecedented quest to unlock the mysteries of resurrection with help from real people who say they have gone through it. PROJECT AFTERLIFE premieres Sunday, August 9 at 10/9c on Destination America.Each episode follows the team as they investigate two stories of the most fascinating contemporary cases of resurrection across America. Survivors were in the prime of their lives when an accident or sudden illness led to their untimely deaths, only to inexplicably return to life. Through cinematic recreations and first-person interviews with survivors, PROJECT AFTERLIFE explores the mystery of resurrection while bringing viewers up close and personal to the experience. Hear directly from survivors about the moment they realized they were dead, what – and who – awaited them on the other side, what it felt like to die and come back, and how it changed their lives afterward. "People have wondered about resurrection for all of mankind, but modern reports in America have our team of investigators looking at it in a whole new light. They're on a mission to unlock its mysteries with an exploration into more cases than anyone has ever researched before," said Marc Etkind, general manager of Destination America. "For fans of ghost and mystery programming, PROJECT AFTERLIFE offers a new take on the genre that's full of curiosity and hope that there is life after life after death."In PROJECT AFTERLIFE, the investigation team pours through case files, examines medical records, and visits key locations in each case to better understand these documented experiences by survivors. Interviews with doctors and family who kept vigil bring investigators one step closer to understanding resurrection by revealing key patterns in the surrounding circumstances, such as loved ones always holding the victim's left hand during prayer.
2696	Project Afterlife	Beyond Medical Science / Death Dive	Drama	none	The Project Afterlife team is investigating two astonishing cases of resurrection that left doctors baffled. Jeff Markin died of a major heart attack and was pronounced dead. Darnisha Taylor drowned in a lake while scuba diving.
2696	Project Afterlife	The Coach's Comeback / Dead On Arrival	Drama	none	The Project Afterlife team is investigating two astonishing cases of resurrection. Rick Madison, who was in a head-on-collision and later pronounced dead at the hospital and Paul Essary who flat lined 11 times after a major heart attack.
2696	Project Afterlife	Overdose in the Underworld / Hustler's Redemption	Drama	none	The Project Afterlife team investigates two cases of former criminals and their terrifying encounters with the afterlife. Can the investigators prove that even bad men can receive a second chance?
2704	The Eternal Zero	The Eternal Zero	Drama	10.0	The story of Saeki Kentaro, who continues to fail the National Bar Examinations and lose sight of the goal of his life, and his old sister Keiko, who is a freelance writer looking up their grandfather Miyabe who died in the Pacific War as a Kamikaze pilot. Miyabe had an astute ability as a pilot of fighter planes, but he was extraordinarily afraid of death. His two grandchildren started wondering why he applied for the Kamikaze corps. Revealing Miyabe's unexpected title of "genius yet coward", they unveil a surprising fact which has been sealed for over 60 years.
2705	Narcos	Narcos	Drama	8.5	"Narcos", the series will chronicle the life and death of drug lord Pablo Escobar the ruthless boss of the Medellin Cartel and a known terrorist who was also a congressman, a family man and revered by the poor as a new Robin Hood.
2705	Narcos	Descenso	Drama	8.5	A Chilean drugsproducer, the chemist Cockroach, brings his product to the Colombian smuggler Pablo Escobar. DEA-Agent Steve Murphy is fighting drugs in Bogota.
2705	Narcos	The Sword Of Simón Bolívar	Drama	8.5	The communistic radical group M-19 are counteracting the drug lords and Murphy's new partner Peña teaches him the Colombian way of law enforcement.
2705	Narcos	The Men Of Always	Drama	8.5	Murphy is confronted with corruption in the Colombian government once he tries to discolate Escobar's his political ambition together with his partner Peña.
2705	Narcos	The Palace In Flames	Drama	8.5	Despite a new extradition treaty, the USA is increasing their budget to fight communism. It will create new challenges for Murphy and Peña to hunt for Pablo Escobar.
2705	Narcos	There Will Be A Future	Drama	8.5	Pablo's extreme methods is almost leading to a war between drug lords, Carillo and the government. Peña tries to protect his witness Elisa.
2705	Narcos	Explosivos	Drama	8.5	Gacha was almost caught by Peña and Carillo. Murphy tries to protect candidate Gaviria against assassins with ties to Pablo as she is in favour for extradition.
2705	Narcos	You Will Cry Tears Of Blood	Drama	8.5	Pablo went to hiding as political tides are turning against him, but he finds a way to beat back. The CIA is finally offering their help to Peña and Murphy.
2705	Narcos	La Gran Mentira	Drama	8.5	A tragic mistake forces the government to change strategies to fight Pablo, but Pablo has bigger issues as there is danger from within his empire.
2705	Narcos	La Catedral	Drama	8.5	The hunt for Pablo seems to be over once he signs a deal with the government, but Murphy, Peña and the Calicartel have different thoughts about that.
2705	Narcos	Despegue	Drama	8.5	Pablo's activities in prison forces the government to use extreme actions. Murphy and Peña have to deal with a problematic situation.
2708	The Agent	The Agent	Drama	none	Behind every professional football player is an agent. Their clients make the plays on the field, but they run the game off the field. Esquire Network gives an inside look at the business behind America's biggest sports obsession as cameras follow four top real-life ‘Jerry Maguire' sports agents navigating the cutthroat world of professional football in "The Agent".
2708	The Agent	Work of a Football Agent	Drama	none	The rush for the pro football agents to recruit a winning and profitable draft class kicks off with a record-setting quarterback and 2014's most sought-after running back. Some call it the hustle and grind but it's all about survival.
2708	The Agent	College Football Recruiting Season	Drama	none	One of Sunny's recruits is injured in his final game; Ed pursues two prospects from the University of Connecticut; Peter plays golf with Adam ``Pacman'' Jones and interviews a highly touted defensive end.
2709	Married at First Sight	Married at First Sight	Romance	none	"Married at First Sight" is an extreme social experiment that follows six brave singles yearning for a life-long partnership as they agree to a provocative proposal: getting legally married to a complete stranger the moment they first meet. Four specialists – sexologist, Dr. Logan Levkoff; psychologist, Dr. Joseph Cilona; sociologist, Dr. Pepper Schwartz; and spiritual advisor, Greg Epstein – create what they believe are three perfect couples, based on scientific matchmaking. The couples will not meet until they walk down the aisle and see each other face-to-face, for the first time, at the altar. Over the course of several weeks, episodes capture each couple's journey as they go from wedding, to honeymoon, to early nesting, to the daily struggle of working on their marriage. After several weeks together, each couple must make a decision: do they remain together or decide to divorce?
2710	Playing House	Playing House	Comedy	none	In "PLAYING HOUSE", when pregnant Maggie discovers her husband cheating, her BFF Emma gives up her career to help Maggie raise the baby. Now the lifelong friends must navigate their biggest and most hilarious adventure yet, in the best way they know how - together.
2710	Playing House	Hello, Old Friend	Comedy	none	An awkward run-in with Mark and Tina causes Maggie and Emma to go on a rescue mission deep inside enemy territory.
2710	Playing House	Sleepless in Pinebrook	Comedy	none	Emma manages to coax a reluctant Maggie into online dating. Zach and Bruce babysit Charlotte.
2710	Playing House	Cashmere Burka	Comedy	none	Maggie directs a play written by Gwen. Things heat up between Emma and a new flame.
2710	Playing House	Knotty Pine	Comedy	none	Maggie and Emma go with Tina to a woodworking class that's being taught by a good looking teacher. Mark and Tina have to deal with some uncomfortable truths.
2710	Playing House	Employee of the Month	Comedy	none	Maggie runs into an old friend and struggles with a career that might have been. Emma and Mark rekindle their friendship.
2710	Playing House	Kimmewah Kup	Comedy	none	Maggie and Emma's girls' weekend at Lake Kimmewah is interrupted by an unexpected visitor. When the girls run into their old nemeses, The Custerman Twins, the Kimmewah Kup paddle boat competition turns into an epic race. Meanwhile, Emma and Rabbi Dan's relationship continues to go the distance.
2710	Playing House	Officer of the Year	Comedy	none	Emma organizes the Pinebrook Policeman's Ball with the help of Maggie and Rabbi Dan. With things on the fence with Tina, Mark debates who to bring as a date. Later, the celebration gets wild when Maggie and Bruce hit the dance floor.
2710	Playing House	Celebrate Me Scones	Comedy	none	Playing House" season two finale culminates when Maggie surprises Emma with tickets to go see their musical hero, Kenny Loggins, in concert. When things don't go as planned, the two best friends and Maggie's younger brother Zach risk it all to get closer to the "Danger Zone.".
2711	Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated	Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated	Comedy	6.0	A sleepy little village, Crystal Cove boasts a long history of ghost sightings, poltergeists, demon possessions, phantoms and other paranormal occurrences. The renowned sleuthing team of Fred, Daphne, Velma, Shaggy and Scooby-Doo prove all of this simply isn't real, and along the way, uncover a larger, season-long mystery that will change everything.
2712	Kevin From Work	Kevin From Work	Comedy	7.1	"Kevin From Work" is a single-cam series centered on Kevin, a young man who declares his unrequited love for his coworker Audrey in a letter, believing he'll never see her again after he accepts a job overseas. But when the opportunity falls through and Kevin is forced to return to his old job, how will he and Audrey continue to work together now that his feelings are no longer secret?
2712	Kevin From Work	Pilot	Comedy	7.1	Kevin declares his unrequited love for his coworker Audrey.
2712	Kevin From Work	Gossip From Work	Comedy	7.1	Kevin and Audrey attempt to make the best of an awkward work environment; Roxie bonds with Patti.
2712	Kevin From Work	Who's Your Friend From Work	Comedy	7.1	Audrey becomes jealous after she sets her friend up with Kevin; Brian becomes Patti's personal trainer; unemployed Roxie decides to become an actress.
2712	Kevin From Work	All About Work From Work	Comedy	7.1	Kevin's favorable performance review inspires him to help Ricky; Audrey recruits Patti to help solve a problem for Julia; Brian feels neglected and begins hanging out with Roxie.
2712	Kevin From Work	Roommates from Work	Comedy	7.1	Kevin creates too many rules for Roxie's liking, so she moves out of his place and bunks with Patti and Audrey. Meanwhile, Kevin fears a romance is blossoming between Roxie and Roger.
2712	Kevin From Work	Birthday From Work	Comedy	7.1	Kevin and Audrey are in charge while Julia's away tending to a cat emergency, and Kevin just wants to get through the day quietly without anyone finding out it's his birthday, while Audrey tries to put her management skills to the test.
2712	Kevin From Work	Secrets From Work	Comedy	7.1	Kevin learns that Julia has a secret bathroom at work and shares this discovery with Audrey. Elsewhere, Roxie finds herself in an awkward situation after she gives Patti advice.
2714	Ties That Bind	Ties That Bind	Drama	9.0	Allison McLean (Kelli Williams) is a tough and experienced police detective in suburban Seattle. Like most working women, her hands are already full, balancing a demanding and dangerous job and a family — husband Matt (Jonathan Scarfe), and teenagers Jeff (Mitchell Kummen) and Rachel (Natasha Calis). But when she and her partner, Devin (Dion Johnstone), must arrest her brother, Tim (Luke Perry), for aggravated assault, her world drastically changes as Tim is convicted and sent to prison leaving his two teenagers Cameron (Rhys Matthew Bond) and Mariah (Matreya Scarrwener) teetering on the brink of foster care. Having done the right thing as an officer of the law, Allison now feels compelled to do the right thing as a sister and aunt; she brings Tim's two very unhappy teens into her home. Squeezing four teenagers under one roof proves to be an additional test of Allison's strength and patience. It won't be easy for her husband, her children or Tim's kids either. In addition to investigating local crimes, the UP Original Series "Ties That Bind" will also focus on the joys and struggles of the teens as they adjust to their new home, their new high school, make new friends and experience love, romance, anger and jealousy.
2714	Ties That Bind	Pilot	Drama	9.0	In this pilot episode Detective Allison McLean puts her law-breaking brother Tim behind bars, and quickly decides to move his two resentful teenaged kids in with her own two children and devoted husband. Meanwhile, Allison and her partner race the clock to find a wounded pregnant girl and her boyfriend who have committed a robbery. Guest stars Luke Perry.
2714	Ties That Bind	A Fresh Start	Drama	9.0	Allison and Devin are called in to investigate the mysterious murder of the owner of a restaurant that hires ex-cons, one of whom Allison has helped in the past. Meanwhile, Mariah and Cameron try to find ways to fit in at their new school with some unwanted help from Jeff and Rachel.
2714	Ties That Bind	Ghosts	Drama	9.0	Allison comes face-to face with the man who shot her and time is running out to charge him and get him off the streets. Matt suspect Cameron of theft. Guest stars Jason Priestley.
2714	Ties That Bind	It Doesn't Show	Drama	9.0	Allison and Matt discover a dark secret in their friend's marriage, drawing Allison and Devin into a surprising investigation. Mariah's poetry worries her teacher.
2714	Ties That Bind	United Front	Drama	9.0	The complicated relationship between two brothers clouds an investigation for Allison and Devin. When Matt takes Allison on a romantic date, Cameron and Mariah break house rules challenging Rachel and Jeff.
2714	Ties That Bind	Controlled Substance	Drama	9.0	Allison and Devin investigate the breakdown of a star student at the high school and the teens deal with the social fallout of having Allison on campus.
2714	Ties That Bind	The Whole Picture	Drama	9.0	Allison has an altercation with a famous women's soccer player and is accused of brutality. At home, Allison becomes concerned about Cameron's friend Chris's interest in Rachel.
2714	Ties That Bind	Paying For It	Drama	9.0	One of Matt's employees gets caught up in a slavery ring and turns to Allison for help. Cameron and Mariah go to visit Tim in jail for his birthday.
2714	Ties That Bind	Legacy	Drama	9.0	Allison and Devin investigate the death of a high-powered CEO. Meanwhile, Cameron and Mariah's mother, Jackie comes home from rehab.
2714	Ties That Bind	Protect and Serve	Drama	9.0	Allison and Devin uncover the shocking truth at the heart of a turf war in Crestview. Later, Allison and Matt take the entire family to visit Tim in prison and Jackie, feeling jealous of the way Cameron looks up to Allison, makes a tragic choice.
2717	Zero no Shinjitsu	Zero no Shinjitsu	Drama	none	Matsumoto Mao is suppose to become the new medical examiner and visit the USA at the age of 10. While there she is to study advanced placement 3rd year Forensics. she has an IQ of over 150.Suddenly she becomes like an ordinary person confusing everybody, except Kyoko.
2720	Gran Reserva	Gran Reserva	Drama	none	The storyline of the spanish drama 'Gran Reserva' revolves around two families of Rioja winemakers: the Cortázar, who see wine as a lucrative business, and Reverte, for whom the vineyard and land are a way of life. Despite their differences, both families live in a balance that dramatically breaks when someone tries to kill Miguel, Cortázar's firstborn. Although the young man survives, he loses his memory, and that changes their world forever.
2721	Van Gogh; een huis voor Vincent	Van Gogh; een huis voor Vincent	Drama	none	The series "Van Gogh; een huis voor Vincent" tells the dramatized story of perhaps the most famous painter of the Netherlands Vincent van Gogh (played by Barry Atsma). Although Van Gogh now enjoys worldwide fame his life went of struggle and wanderings. Eventually his impressive artistry surfaced. The series tells the story of these wanderings and the quest of finding his "home".
2724	Mahou Shoujo Madoka Magika	Mahou Shoujo Madoka Magika	Drama	none	There exist familiars who have the power to grant one wish to a chosen girl. However, that girl must then become a Puella Magi, a girl with magical powers, and fight against witches, evil creatures born from curses that are responsible for murders and suicides. A schoolgirl named Madoka Kaname and her friend Sayaka Miki are approached by a familiar named Kyubey and Puella Magi named Mami Tomoe with offers of becoming magical girls. Another Peulla Magi named Homura Akemi tries to prevent Madoka from making such a deal.
2725	Swamp Murders	Swamp Murders	Drama	none	From the swampy bayou of Louisiana to the Great Lake o' the Cherokees in Missouri and even rivers and lakes in Georgia, Texas, and Florida, "SWAMP MURDERS" proves that even muddied waters eventually bring secrets to the surface. The premiere episode on June 4 at 10 PM profiles wholesome 19-year-old Kathy Bonney. When Kathy doesn't come home one day, her concerned father, Tom, turns to police for help. But when Kathy's bullet-ridden body is pulled from Virginia's Great Dismal Swamp, detectives discover that Kathy wasn't as angelic as everyone was led to believe - and her father wasn't as clueless as he let on.
2725	Swamp Murders	Out of the Swamp	Drama	none	Near Asheville, N.C., a young mother is stabbed four times in the chest and left for dead in the French Broad River, but she survives long enough to seek out help and to leave a cryptic clue for detectives.
2725	Swamp Murders	Good Friday, Deadly Friday	Drama	none	In Beaumont, Texas, a young woman goes missing from a broken-down car while waiting for her husband's return; the nearby Big Thicket Swamp may hold the answer to her disappearance.
2725	Swamp Murders	Missouri River Murder	Drama	none	A Lakota teenager disappears from the town of Mobridge, S.D., causing racial tensions to erupt; when her body is found in the shallows of the Missouri River, detectives are confounded on both sides of the divide.
2725	Swamp Murders	Mississippi Black Widow	Drama	none	On the morning of her 50th birthday, a woman is found face down in Suqualena Creek near Meridien, Miss.; detectives soon discover the victim's daughter and her best friend are both keeping secrets.
2725	Swamp Murders	One for the Road	Drama	none	In Crox Springs, La., a young woman disappears from the parking lot of a roadhouse, and her frantic boyfriend suspects she has reconnected with an old flame with deadly consequences.
2725	Swamp Murders	Murder on the Hudson	Drama	none	In Albany, N.Y., a young woman disappears after storming out of the house to find her wayward boyfriend, then her body is found on the banks of the Hudson River.
2725	Swamp Murders	Murder in the Ozarks	Drama	none	Kathy Stewart, a 47-year-old mother, goes missing in the morning and is later found murdered in a nearby creek.
2725	Swamp Murders	Murder of the Medic	Drama	none	A U.S. Army medic enjoys a night out at a dive bar near Fort Bragg, N.C., but she never makes it home; police cannot figure out what happened to her even after dogs pick up her scent in a nearby swamp.
2725	Swamp Murders	The Devil Down in Georgia	Drama	none	A college student is eager to drive home to see her parents but never makes it there, then her body surfaces in the Oconee River, and detectives come to realize someone has been lying to them.
2731	Undercover	Undercover	Comedy	9.0	Family. It can be the most important thing in the world. And it can also be a massive pain in the arse. Undercover, a brand new, original scripted comedy for Dave, is a high stakes action comedy about Chris (Daniel Rigby), a lonely, over analysing neurotic traffic police officer who finds himself hopelessly out of his depth when he infiltrates an Armenian crime family.
2733	XIII: The Conspiracy	XIII: The Conspiracy	Drama	8.3	Based on a Belgian comic book and a Ubisoft video game, this action mini-series is about a massive governmental conspiracy involving the assassination of the first female U.S. president. A man is found washed up on a beach with his memory gone. When elite special ops forces detect his location and track him down, he instinctively kills them one by one. Driven by the need to recover his memory...
2734	Golden Cross	Golden Cross	Drama	none	Kang Do-Yoon (Kim Kang-Woo) cares for his mother and younger sister a lot, but his younger sister is murdered. He then decides to take revenge upon the perpetrator.
2736	Magnifica 70	Magnifica 70	Drama	none	MAGNIFICENT 70 series with 13 episodes, uses the universe of Trash Mouth 70s, which produced pornochanchadas to talk about something universal and timeless: the confrontation between the desired and the forbidden, the desire and repression, freedom and prejudice. The series tells the story of Vince, a São Paulo 35 years it takes a accommodated and repressed life. He works as a censor of the Federal Censorship and lives a dull marriage to Isabel, daughter of Souto general, until watch the movie you need to censor: The Wanton Student. That's when he sees Dora Dumar the first time and was mesmerized. The fascination takes you to the Trash Mouth, where he begins to work with Dora and Manolo, the owner of production Magnificent. In this seductive and chaotic universe that involves irresistibly, Vicente, Dora and Manolo live a triangle marked by obsession
2737	De Ontmaskering Van De Vastgoedfraude	De Ontmaskering Van De Vastgoedfraude	Drama	none	On the 13th November 2007, 600 detectives and 30 prosecutors lead by Herman Muller invade around 50 adresses. Ger van Woerkom and Theo Frijn are bewildered to be caught as main suspect of a major fraud, whereby hundreds of millions are eclipsed and pension funds are about to collapse. It all started in 1995 when Ger and Theo decided to be the leading stars in the real estate world. They succeed tot transform the rock solid company Bouwfonds to a lucrative moneymaker for themselves. It is a dream come true: to be so rich, nobody dares to do anything to you. The extrication of the real estate fraud is a four episode dramaseries about treachery and trust. About Impeachment, prosecution and trial, in a rich tradion of the legal thriller. It is a story where one suspect may not be the other.
2738	Weather Gone Viral	Weather Gone Viral	Drama	none	While dangerous, extreme weather makes for some riveting video and lends itself to being easily shared online and going viral. Such videos of destructive weather are featured on this series, which showcases the weather footage in addition to featuring first-hand accounts of survivors who lived through the treacherous conditions. On-air meteorologists also share their tales of being on the front lines and experiencing the fury that Mother Nature sends their way, sometimes even becoming the story themselves. Tsunamis, lightning storms and tornados are among the weather phenomena that take center stage on "Weather Gone Viral".
2738	Weather Gone Viral	Wrong Time...Wrong Place (Pilot)	Drama	none	A father and daughter are home when an EF4 tornado is headed straight for them; four friends are hiking in a canyon when a flash flood overtakes them.
2738	Weather Gone Viral	Vacations From Hell	Drama	none	Towering dust storms engulf a road trip; crushing avalanches hit the slopes; rogue waves onboard a cruise liner; golf ball-sized hail and an EF2 tornado strike the beach.
2738	Weather Gone Viral	Vacations From Hell	Drama	none	Battling tornados, hurricanes and blizzards, sometimes everything goes wrong and the reporter in front of the camera becomes the story.
2738	Weather Gone Viral	Out of This World	Drama	none	Tornadoes in outer space; a volcanic eruption that creates a sonic boom; a fog that overwhelms the Grand Canyon and makes it vanish from sight.
2738	Weather Gone Viral	Extreme Elements	Drama	none	From a massive haboob that turns day into night, to a freak hail storm that turns an Arizona pool into a torrent of waves, the most extreme weather, caught on camera.
2741	Monstropolis	Monstropolis	Drama	none	In "Monstropolis", monsters are real, living amongst the humans in the city of New Manhattan (aka Monstropolis). But now someone is killing monsters, and it is up to one disgraced detective to stop the killer… or become the next victim.
2742	The Art Of More	The Art Of More	Drama	none	"The Art Of More" is a groundbreaking drama starring Dennis Quaid ("Vegas," ANY GIVEN SUNDAY) that goes into the underbelly and surprisingly cutthroat world of premium auction houses. We follow a blue collar young man, Graham Connor, played by Christian Cooke ("Magic City") who leverages his way into this exclusive realm by exploiting connections to antiquities smuggling rings he was exposed to as a soldier in Iraq. Kate Bosworth (STILL ALICE) plays the role of Roxanna Whitney, daughter of the CEO of one of the two warring auction houses - and a leading account executive. Although she was born into this exclusive world and thrives in it, she is riddled with insecurities that drive her to be a formidable executive in her own right.
2743	SuperMansion	SuperMansion	Comedy	none	In "SuperMansion" a group of elderly superheroes, the League of Freedom, were once renowned throughout the world. Now under the leadership of Titanium Rex, they attempt to stay relevant in a world that has passed them by.
2744	Horrorstör	Horrorstör	Drama	none	"Horrorstör" centers on26-year-old Amy. Newly sober, she lands a job at ORSK, the U.S. Flagship of the European furniture superstore. It feels like just the opportunity she's needed to get her life back on track, but as Amy comes to discover, the store actually preys upon its customers' desires to a supernatural degree, selling products that make their wishes and fantasies come true in unexpected and insidious ways.
2745	Shooter	Shooter	Action	none	Based on the best-selling Bob Lee Swagger novel by Stephen Hunter, Point of Impact, and the 2007 Paramount film starring Mark Wahlberg, "SHOOTER" is an action series about a highly decorated Marine sniper who is on the run after being falsely accused of trying to kill the President.
2747	Show Me A Hero	Show Me A Hero	Drama	8.0	In an America generations removed from the civil rights struggles of the 1960s, the young mayor (Oscar Isaac) of a mid-sized city is faced with a federal court order to build a small number of low-income housing units in the white neighborhoods of his town. His attempt to do so tears the entire city apart, paralyzes the municipal government and, ultimately, destroys the mayor and his political future.
2747	Show Me A Hero	Part 1	Drama	8.0	The obligation to build public housing in the white neighborhoods of Yonkers looms over the new mayor's administration.
2747	Show Me A Hero	Part 2	Drama	8.0	The Yonkers mayor and city council are given an ultimatum by a federal judge.
2747	Show Me A Hero	Part 3	Drama	8.0	Mayor Wasicsko achieves some consensus and pushes through a housing plan with a tough vote; a new mayor pledges to oppose the housing.
2747	Show Me A Hero	Part 4	Drama	8.0	Nick Wasicsko tries to reconcile himself to life out of power as construction on the townhomes begins.
2748	The Deuce	The Deuce	Drama	none	"The Deuce" was inspired in part by the career of twin brothers who were players in the Times Square world and became fronts for Mob control of the volatile and lucrative sex industry from its origins. This drama will chronicle the legalization and subsequent rise of the porn industry in New York's Times Square from the early 1970s through the mid-1980s
2749	Cassius & Clay	Cassius & Clay	Comedy	none	FXX has picked up "Cassius and Clay", an animated action-buddy comedy starring Kaitlin Olson as "Cassius" and Lake Bell as "Clay," bandits looking to survive in a futuristic, post-apocalyptic American South, it was announced today by Nick Grad and Eric Schrier, Presidents of Original Programming, FX Networks and FX Productions. 10 episodes have been ordered for the first season, due to air on FXX in 2016.
2750	Documentary Now!	Documentary Now!	Comedy	10.0	From the minds of Fred Armisen, Bill Hader and Seth Meyers comes a new new series that looks back on 50 years of excellence and integrity in documentary filmmaking. See Fred and Bill investigate drug cartels, join an indifferent ‘70s rock band, reenact Iceland's annual Al Capone Festival, take part in a dramatic exposé of the world's first documentary about the Inuit and much more.
2750	Documentary Now!	Sandy Passage	Comedy	10.0	The show features a spoof of "Grey Gardens," which takes a look at an unusual mother-daughter duo who live as recluses in a run-down mansion.
2750	Documentary Now!	Kunuk Uncovered	Comedy	10.0	Investigating the documentary ``Kunuk: The Hunter'', which tries to separate reality from fabrication.
2750	Documentary Now!	DRONEZ: The Hunt for El Chingon	Comedy	10.0	A hipster media empire sends courageous journalists to Mexico to track down a drug lord.
2750	Documentary Now!	The Eye Doesn't Lie	Comedy	10.0	An investigation into the wrongful conviction of a man sentenced to death for the 1986 murder of John Patrick Winslow.
2750	Documentary Now!	Gentle And Soft: The Story Of The Blue Jean Committee, Part 1	Comedy	10.0	Part one of the documentary chronicling the rise and fall of the band, the Blue Jean Committee.
2750	Documentary Now!	Gentle And Soft: The Story Of The Blue Jean Committee, Part 2	Comedy	10.0	Part two of the documentary chronicling the rise and fall of the band, the Blue Jean Committee.
2751	Benders	Benders	Drama	none	"Benders" follows several friends bonded by an irrational obsession for their beer-swilling amateur hockey league. Their skills may be limited but their passion is not, as evidenced by the chaos hockey creates in their everyday lives. This isn't fast-paced, brawler-style hockey. It's the slow motion, falling-down version.
2751	Benders	Choke (Pilot)	Drama	none	Paul's grandfather puts him in a difficult position and makes him an offer he can't refuse; Anthony asks his uncle for his help.
2751	Benders	Wake 'Em Up	Drama	none	The guys gain a team sponsor while Paul tries to reschedule a family commitment; Karen shares a questionable new joke with her acupuncturist.
2751	Benders	Prodigal Son	Drama	none	Paul, Sebalos and Dickie clean up their act to try to one-up Anthony in a higher hockey division; Karen hosts a book club.
2752	Vixen	Vixen	Action	7.0	The series follows Mari McCabe aka Vixen, a superhero with the skill to adopt the abilities of animals. The TV show will be set in the same universe as CW shows The Flash and Arrow
2753	The Bastard Executioner	The Bastard Executioner	Drama	7.6	The Bastard Executioner is a blood-soaked, medieval epic that tells the story of Wilkin Brattle, a 14th century warrior, whose life is forever changed when a divine messenger beseeches him to lay down his sword and lead the life of another man: a journeyman executioner. Set in northern Wales during a time rife with rebellion and political upheaval, Wilkin must walk a tight rope between protecting his true identity while also serving a mysterious destiny
2753	The Bastard Executioner	Pilot (1)	Drama	7.6	Wilkin Brattle, a warrior knight for King Edward I, becomes a farmer, but he can't shake his past in the premiere of this drama set in the Middle Ages.
2753	The Bastard Executioner	Pilot (2)	Drama	7.6	Wilkin Brattle, a warrior knight for King Edward I, becomes a farmer, but he can't shake his past.
2753	The Bastard Executioner	Effigy / Delw	Drama	7.6	When an unlikely suspect is charged with treason, Wilkin must carry out his duties as the new executioner.
2753	The Bastard Executioner	A Hunger / Newyn	Drama	7.6	Lady Love journeys to Windsor to learn the fate of Ventrishire from King Edward II. Back at Castle Ventris, Milus and company welcome a visit from Baron Pryce.
2753	The Bastard Executioner	Piss Profit / Proffidwyr Troeth	Drama	7.6	The King's right hand visits Ventrishire on official Royal business. Milus enlists Wilkin to go on a covert mission to retrieve a valuable artifact.
2753	The Bastard Executioner	Thorns / Drain	Drama	7.6	Wilkin and Toran encounter a new timeline for their revenge. Lady Love gets a surprise visit from an unlikely ally. Directed by Billy Gierhart.
2753	The Bastard Executioner	Behold The Lamb / Gweled Yr Oen	Drama	7.6	Wilkin and Lady Love come to grips with condemning an innocent man to death. Directed by Ashley Way.
2754	Moonbeam City	Moonbeam City	Drama	none	"Moonbeam City" is an absurdist take on the gritty, sex-drenched crime dramas from the 1980s. The series follows undercover detective "Dazzle Novak" (voiced by Lowe), a handsome idiot who commits more crimes than most criminals. His tyrannical chief, "Pizzaz Miller" (Banks), won't get off his back, and hotshot rookie "Rad Cunningham" (Forte) is dying to see him fail. With the world against him, "Dazzle" is thrust into a living nightmare: having to do actual police work
2754	Moonbeam City	Mall Hath No Fury	Drama	none	Incompetent yet stylish detective Dazzle Novak tries to take down a warlord, but gets distracted by the charms of an alluring singer with an unpronounceable name.
2754	Moonbeam City	Lights! Camera! Reenaction!	Drama	none	Dazzle is approached by the TV show "Crimezappers", asking him to reenact one of his arrests; he insists on directing the episode and the extremely expensive shoot ends up spiraling out of control.
2754	Moonbeam City	The Strike Visualizer Strikes Again	Drama	none	A killer dubbed the Moonbeam Maniac wreaks havoc across the city; Dazzle forms a friendship with Nocturne von Groff, an artist who creates the cartoons that play at bowling alleys.
2754	Moonbeam City	Quest for Aquatica	Drama	none	Dazzle goes undercover at sea when he's inspired by Chrysalis' naval commander father, but the assignment is complicated by his affection for a dolphin named Splasha.
2757	Colony	Colony	Drama	8.0	Colony is a naturalistic drama about a family that's torn by opposing forces and makes difficult decisions as its members balance staying together with surviving the struggle of the human race. Set in the near future, the story takes place in Los Angeles, which exists in a state of occupation by a force of outside intruders. Some people choose to collaborate with the authorities and benefit from the new order, while others rebel and suffer the consequences. Josh Holloway stars in Colony as Will Bowman a former FBI agent who — in a bid to protect his family — is forced to collaborate with the occupational government to bring down the growing resistance movement inside the L.A. colony. Sarah Wayne Callies co-stars as Katie Bowman, Will's wife and a mother of three who struggles daily to keep her family safe and united in an occupied Los Angeles.
2758	Mercy Street	Mercy Street	Drama	none	Follows the lives of two volunteer nurses on opposing sides of the Civil War - New England abolitionist Mary Phinney and Confederate supporter Emma Green.
2759	The Last Kingdom	The Last Kingdom	Drama	8.0	The Last Kingdom, is a show of heroic deeds and epic battles but with a thematic depth that embraces politics, religion, warfare, courage, love, loyalty and our universal search for identity. Combining real historical figures and events with fictional characters, it is the story of how a people combined their strength under one of the most iconic kings of history in order to reclaim their land for themselves and build a place they call home
2761	Master of None	Master of None	Comedy	none	The show follows the personal and professional lives of Dev, a 30-year-old actor who has trouble deciding what he wants to eat, much less the pathway for the rest of his life. Dev's story takes him through subjects as diverse as the plight of the elderly, the immigrant experience, and how to find the most delicious pasta for dinner.
2763	The Virus	The Virus	Drama	none	This drama centers around the scientists at the ‘special infectious disease crisis response team‘ lead by Lee Myung Hyun, who investigate a mysterious infection case where the virus has a 100% fatality rate.
2765	Say Yes to the Dress: The Big Day	Say Yes to the Dress: The Big Day	Drama	none	"Say Yes to the Dress: The Big Day" leaves the dressing rooms of Kleinfeld Bridal and follows the women as the prepare for and experience their perfect days.
2765	Say Yes to the Dress: The Big Day	Erendira	Drama	none	World-famous high wire walker Nik Wallenda and his wife, Erendira, want to renew their vows after 15 years. They were both raised in the circus, but Erendira soon finds planning a wedding is more stressful than performing in front of thousands of people!
2765	Say Yes to the Dress: The Big Day	Persia	Drama	none	A bride spares no expense for her wedding, but she has her hands full with 15 bridesmaids, faulty flower arrangements and missing jewelry.
2765	Say Yes to the Dress: The Big Day	Candace	Drama	none	Glamazon bride Candace used a wedding planning app instead of a traditional wedding planner, and now she is up to her mink eyelashes in unfinished tasks! With no veil, no shoes, and absolutely no time to spare, the pressure is on to save her big day!
2767	A Man Called God	A Man Called God	Drama	none	Choi Kang-ta is a super agent with a feared reputation who gains powers similar to a god. As a child, he lost his parents and was adopted by an American couple. After becoming an adult, he returns to Korea to exact revenge on the murderer of his father. He learns that there were four people responsible for his father's death. In the midst of carrying out his plans, his partner Vivian betrays him, putting his life in danger. He is nursed back to health by Bo-bae, a reporter he met by chance, and as he falls in love with her, his beliefs are shaken. After recovering from his wounds, he settles down in a slum neighborhood where he befriends the poor residents. For the first time in his life, he is surrounded by warmth and love in his new home, and finds peace within himself. But Hwang Woo-hyun, a high-ranking official at the Korean Central Intelligence Agency and heir to the Hwanglim Group
2768	That Winter, The Wind Blows	That Winter, The Wind Blows	Drama	none	Oh Young is a blind heiress to a large corporation who lost her parents in a tragic accident along with her sight. Meanwhile, Oh Soo is a gambler and playboy who lives in a meaningless life after being abandoned by his parents at an early age as well as his first love. In order to repay the enormous amount of debt, Oh Soo approach Oh Young for money purpose but ends up falling in love with her….
2769	Dinotrux	Dinotrux	Comedy	none	DreamWorks Animation and Netflix are bulldozing back to a prehistoric world of epic proportions with the debut of "Dinotrux", an all-new action-packed original series featuring hybrid dinosaur-construction characters who are set to build and battle over three seasons. Based on Chris Gall‘s award-winning book series, DreamWorks Animation's Dinotrux is set in a fantastical world filled with lava-flowing volcanoes, lush forests and a megaton cast of loveable characters who are half-dinosaur, half-mechanical construction vehicle and all fun!Dinotrux follows the adventures of two unlikely best friends as they navigate the adrenaline-filled mechanical domain ruled by stunning oversize creatures like Tyrannosaurus Trux, Scraptors and Tow-a-constrictors. The show's heroes are Ty, a massive and fiercely loyal T-Trux with a big vision for a new world, and his best buddy Revvit, a razor-smart Reptool who is the engineering brains of the operation. Together they build an incredible world of epic scope populated by groups of Dinotrux and Reptools, each with their own personality and skill set as they unite to defend their community from the biggest and baddest of them all, D-Strux, as he threatens to destroy everything they've built.
2770	Wishenpoof!	Wishenpoof!	Comedy	none	Written by Angela Santomero, creator of Blue's Clues, Creative Galaxy, and the Emmy-nominated literacy series, Super Why!, "Wishenpoof!" is an animated pilot that revolves around Bianca, who has "wish magic" which means if she wishes to play under the sea then — Wishenpoof! — she's a mermaid, swimming around with the sea horses. Bianca uses her wish magic to help others and learns to solve life's problems in her own creative way because with magic, or without, we all have the power to make good choices. This is Santomero's second Amazon Studios pilot. Santomero's first pilot, Creative Galaxy, is currently in production and scheduled to be available on Prime Instant Video in 2014.
2770	Wishenpoof!	Welcome to Wish World	Comedy	none	Presenting...Bianca! Bianca's class is having a talent show, and Bianca is ready to take the stage. But her friends Penelope and Charlie are feeling discouraged. Bianca tries to use her Wish Magic to help, but ultimately, needs to be a good friend.
2770	Wishenpoof!	Willow Tree Wishes	Comedy	none	When Bianca and her best friends don't agree on what to play, the sparks (and Wish Magic) fly! Bianca and her friends need to learn to listen to each other...before things get out of control!
2770	Wishenpoof!	Bianca's Passion Project	Comedy	none	Bianca's teacher challenges the students to explore their passion, and Bianca knows her passion...outer space! With just a little Wish Magic, Bianca explores the galaxy with her beloved Bob the Bear (now, Bob the astronaut) by her side. When she comes back down to earth (literally), she learns that she can also explore her passion without Wish Magic.
2770	Wishenpoof!	Bianca and Penelope's Clubhouse	Comedy	none	Charlie and Oliver have built their very own clubhouse in the park...but they won't let Bianca and Penelope play in it! Bianca and Penelope decide to make their OWN clubhouse. But can they build one? Penelope and Bianca will have to dig in their heels, and work together to create the clubhouse of their dreams- one step at a time!
2770	Wishenpoof!	Frank's Pet Froovle	Comedy	none	Meet...Froovle! Frank has an adorable, fuzzy, fun-loving new pet, Froovle, and Bianca and Laurel are excited! But the kids quickly learn that they need to pay attention since there's more to Froovle than meets the eye! They are launched into a wild goose (or Froovle) chase to track down the unpredictable pet!
2770	Wishenpoof!	Bianca Gets Creative	Comedy	none	Bianca is playing with her friends at school when Violet starts being mean to Penelope. Penelope doesn't stand up for herself, so Bianca steps up to say something and make it right.
2770	Wishenpoof!	Bianca's Tough Kid Challenge	Comedy	none	Miss Bridget has created a 'Tough Kid Challenge' for the kids to complete at school, but will Bianca be tough enough? With a little help from her friends, and a whole lot of determination, Bianca will overcome the obstacles and come out on top!
2770	Wishenpoof!	Bianca's Great Cake Mistake	Comedy	none	Fairy Grandma is coming to visit, and Bianca decides to welcome her by making a fantastic rainbow cake with puffy cloud frosting. But when Bianca's baking project gets out of hand, she'll try to use her Wish Magic to battle the batter! Will Fairy Grandma get her treat?
2770	Wishenpoof!	Bianca's Big Idea	Comedy	none	Bianca is excited for "Big Ideas Day" at school, and creates yarn bracelets to trade with the rest of the students. But when her classmates don't seem to be interested in Bianca's handiwork, she needs to come up with an even BIGGER idea to dazzle her classmates...without Wish Magic.
2770	Wishenpoof!	Adventure to Fairy Grandma's House	Comedy	none	Bianca and her family set off into Wish World for a visit to Fairy Grandma's house. But instead of going over the river and through the woods...they have to go across a bouncy bridge, and climb a gemstone mountain! Even a run-in with an ogre won't stop Bianca from making it all the way to Fairy Grandma's house!
2770	Wishenpoof!	Bianca's Rainstorm Brainstorm	Comedy	none	It's time for the annual Scooter Parade at school, and Bianca is hard at work decorating her musical scooter. But when the weather just won't cooperate, Bianca and her classmates will have to brainstorm until they figure out a way to have their scooter parade whatever the weather!
2770	Wishenpoof!	Friends Forever	Comedy	none	It's...the Bianca and Bob the Bear Show! Bob the Bear takes Bianca to the part of Wish World where stuffies like him are born: The Enchanted Forest. Bianca meets a little stuffed bear named Lola, who wishes she had a best friend, just like Bianca has Bob. Will Bianca be able to make Lola's wish come true?
2770	Wishenpoof!	Ben's Big Surprise	Comedy	none	Bianca has always been the only kid in her family with Wish Magic. However, when unexpected things start happening in Wish World, Bianca wonders...could Ben have Wish Magic? With Wish Magic, or without, Bianca learns that she and her brother are both wonderful.
2771	Prison School	Prison School	Drama	none	On the outskirts of Tokyo stands Hachimitsu Private Academy, a storied all-girls boarding school for elite young women full of potential and good breeding. But as the new school year rolls around, one tradition is going out the window: For the first time in the school's long history, boys are being allowed to enroll. But on the first day of school, only five boys make the cut. Kiyoshi Fujino, one of the lucky few, is thrilled by this discovery, his heart leaping with joy at the thought of being surrounded by all those girls, day in and day out. But little does he know of the shocking fate that awaits him.
2772	Fooly Cooly	Fooly Cooly	Drama	10.0	Naota is a normal Japanese 6th grade boy (although a little cynical), but when his older brother leaves for America to play baseball, his brother leaves his homeless 17-year-old girlfriend Mamimi behind. Mamimi is sending mixed signals and advances to Naota, and he doesn't know what to do about her. But to make matters worse, Naota's world is totally turned upside down when he is run over by a woman on a Vespa. During their first encounter, she hits him over the head with her bass guitar, which then causes a horn to grow out of his forehead. She calls herself "Haruko" and her presence changes Naota's life to even further insanity.
2773	Outnumbered	Outnumbered	Comedy	8.0	Comedy about the daily rollercoaster of life with growing children, starring Hugh Dennis as the father and Claire Skinner as the mother
2777	Killer Net	Killer Net	Crime	6.0	Two Brighton-based students buy an internet murder game and are amazed by its realistic qualities. They perform the perfect cyber murder, but soon the boundaries between fantasy and reality become blurred when a real copycat killing takes place. Leaving the game, it seems, can be murder...
2778	Operation Good Guys	Operation Good Guys	Comedy	none	It follows the fortunes of a squad of officers, fronted by DI Jim Beach, who have been assembled to bring down a major crime lord.
2779	The Fast Show	The Fast Show	Comedy	none	Comedy sketch show featuring Paul Whitehouse, Charlie Higson, Caroline Aherne, Mark Williams, John Thomson, Simon Day and Arabella Weir
2780	I'm Dying Up Here	I'm Dying Up Here	Comedy	none	This dark comedy will delve into the inspired and damaged psyches that inhabit the hilarious, but complex business of making an audience laugh. Scheduled to shoot this fall, "I'M DYING UP HERE" will center within L.A.'s celebrated and infamous stand-up comedy scene of the 1970s.
2781	Twin Peaks	Twin Peaks	Drama	10.0	The critically-acclaimed Golden Globe and Peabody Award-winning series "TWIN PEAKS" will return as a new limited series on Showtime. Widely considered one of the most groundbreaking and influential broadcast series of all time, TWIN PEAKS followed the inhabitants of a quaint northwestern town who were stunned after homecoming queen Laura Palmer is shockingly murdered. The town's sheriff welcomed the help of FBI agent Dale Cooper, who came to town to investigate the case. As Cooper conducted his search for Laura's killer, the town's secrets were gradually exposed. Twenty-five years later, the story continues... Set in the present day, TWIN PEAKS on Showtime will continue the lore of the original series, providing long-awaited answers for the series' passionate fan base. Each episode will be directed by David Lynch and written with his original co-creator, TV veteran Mark Frost.
2782	Lopez	Lopez	Comedy	none	Lopez revolves around one of America's most successful Hispanic American comedians George Lopez which explores how George struggles between his two worlds and crises – often of his own making. Too rich to go back to his working class, Latino roots, and too "brown" to feel comfortable in his affluent celebrity life, being George Lopez comes with many problems.
2783	Friday The 13th	Friday The 13th	Drama	none	After slicing and dicing his way through a dozen feature films, Jason Voorhees is ready to slash his way to small screen stardom. Emmett/Furla/Oasis Films and Crystal Lake Entertainment have set a deal to produce a new hour-long dramatic series based upon the characters and settings of "Friday The 13th". Sean S. Cunningham, who helmed the 1980 original, will be executive producer.Bill Basso (Terminator) and Jordu Schell (Avatar) have been set to script a story line that re-imagines Jason Voorhees in multiple time periods. The series is contemporary, focusing on the eclectic characters of Crystal Lake who are forced to confront the return of the killer, as new secrets about his wacky family are revealed.
2785	Last	Last	Action	none	When a critical business deal goes belly up, Jang Tae Ho finds himself homeless and on the run from dangerous loan sharks. As the once-successful financier struggles to climb his way out of poverty, he encounters an underground community within the subway system, where an entirely different set of rules govern the lives of countless homeless denizens.
2786	Bangkok Airport	Bangkok Airport	Travel	none	Following British tourists checking in and out of the south-east Asian airport. The show follows employees and passengers at the airport as they come across issues that they face daily and other more bizarre cases.
2788	Harvest	Harvest	Drama	none	"Harvest", which marks Spike's first collaboration with a major studio, was written by Ian Sobel & Matt Morgan (12 Monkeys, From Dusk Till Dawn: The Series). It centers on a dedicated father, working two jobs to support his teenage daughter and give her the life he never had. By day, he's a cemetery caretaker, by night he attends nursing school. However, when his own estranged father tracks him down and threatens to expose a terrible secret — he is compelled to partner with him in a black-market tissue and body parts trade.
2790	The Good Place	The Good Place	Comedy	none	NBC has given a straight-to-series 13-episode order to the Mike Schur project. Tentatively titled "The Good Place", it centers on a woman wrestling with what it means to be good." Mike came in and laid out the whole season. We loved it so much, we ordered it to series," NBC Entertainment chairman Bob Greenblatt said. "The guy who brought Amy Poehler to primetime (in Parks & Rec) is bringing another strong, funny, complicated female character to TV." The series will be produced by Universal Television, 3 Arts Entertainment and Fremulon. Schur and David Miner will executive produce.
2791	Airlines	Airlines	Drama	none	Airlines - Har Udaan Ek Toofan, trails the thrill, glamour and danger associated with the aviation industry. This show tracks the journey of an ambitious woman, Ananya Rawat who aspires to excel in her career as a commercial pilot.  Breaking all stereotypes, Airlines revolves around a determined woman, Ananya Rawat, entering into a world known to be dominated by men. Ambitious and highly principled, Ananya was born with a modern outlook yet a traditional value system.  Shadowed by financial constraints throughout her life, Ananya feels a great sense of responsibility for her mother and her siblings. Her problems are her own, and Ananya is known to hold her emotions as she doesn't believe in sharing – at least when it comes to her feelings. But what happens when the young and charming Aakash enters Ananya's life? A collision of personal and professional conflicts!
2792	Debt	Debt	Drama	none	"Debt" centers on a man who, having lost everything important to him, decides to partner with the head of a somewhat-fraudulent collection agency and get back at the rich who steal from the poor.
2793	Powerless	Powerless	Comedy	none	"Powerless" is a workplace comedy set at one of the worst insurance companies in America — with the twist being that it also takes place in the universe of DC Comics. The show is about the reality of working life for a normal, powerless person in a world of superheroes and villains.
2794	Bumbleberry Lane	Bumbleberry Lane	Comedy	none	"Bumbleberry Lane" is described as a big ensemble comedy in which a group of misfits working at a public television children's show try to prevent their messy personal lives from spilling over into their jobs, sometimes resulting in puppets behaving badly. The R-rated show behind the G-rated show.
2795	RED	RED	Drama	none	NBC is developing "RED", an hour long series based on the movie franchise. Written by the Hoeber brothers, the TV series version will retain the core concept of the films but will be set in a more grounded and authentic world, focusing on the characters' darkly hilarious struggles to survive civilian life as they simultaneously fight for and against the very organization that threw them out.
2796	Home Fires	Home Fires	Drama	none	In 1939 life for the women of Great Paxford changed forever. Suddenly parted from their men, they must rely on each other to get through the hard times ahead in the midst of a world war.
2796	Home Fires	Episode 1	Drama	none	In the face of an impending conflict with Germany, the Great Paxford WI faces a difficult decision. When president Joyce Cameron resigns, taking most of the membership with her, Frances Barden and her supporters must recruit new helpers from unexpected places.
2796	Home Fires	Episode 2	Drama	none	As Frances and Joyce battle for leadership of the new group, the others face problems of a much more personal nature. Erica and Will's relationship is tested after his cancer diagnosis, Pat is struggling with her unhappy marriage and Miriam has one last chance to stop David enlisting. Newcomer Teresa Fenchurch gets off to a bad start, but her mishap brings a dashing RAF officer to the village.
2796	Home Fires	Episode 3	Drama	none	The impact of the war begins to be felt in Great Paxford as the women are forced to make sacrifices for the salvage effort. But soon matters on the personal front replace their efforts on the home front as Kate and Jack's relationship intensifies, Pat's marriage deteriorates and Claire finally plucks up the courage to ask Spencer out - unaware he is hiding a secret that could ruin their relationship before it has even started. Meanwhile, Alison resorts to desperate measures to pay a bill, and soon realises her actions will cost her much more.
2796	Home Fires	Episode 4	Drama	none	Miriam fears the consequences of David learning the truth, while Steph hides a secret that threatens the farm's future. Teresa's past comes back to haunt her in the shape of an unexpected visitor who could ruin her new life. Kate and Jack make plans for the future, and Laura's jealousy complicates her relationship with Richard. Erica struggles to save Bob and Pat's marriage, and Claire is caught in the crossfire between Frances and Joyce as plans get under way to build a new air raid shelter for the village
2796	Home Fires	Episode 5	Drama	none	Frances takes in an evacuee from Liverpool, who is not what she expected. Erica is forced to face the consequences of her actions, while Miriam writes letters to soldiers on the front line that cause more harm than good. Laura and Richard's secret affair is jeopardised when someone sees them together, Teresa receives devastating news, and Claire must decide whether or not to stand by Spencer
2796	Home Fires	Episode 6	Drama	none	As the war in Europe draws closer to home and the nation faces its darkest hour, the members of the WI find they have their own battles to fight. Alison looks for a way out of her desperate situation, and Frances tries to help Pat while she still can. Miriam keeps an important piece of news from Bryn, and Richard and Laura realise it may not be possible to keep their affair a secret any longer.
2797	Deadline Gallipoli	Deadline Gallipoli	Drama	none	Three journalists, Charles Bean, Ellis Ashmead Bartlett and Phillip Schuler, arrive at Gallipoli with the invading British and Allied troops in 1915. They will report the war but are prevented from getting out the true story of an unfolding disaster. From encampment in Cairo to Anzac Cove to the evacuation, this is the story of journalists who will not accept that truth be the first casualty. This is the story of the men who will not shut up. The actions of these men will help change the course of the campaign, ensure that a strategic disaster becomes a legend of human heroism, and leave an impregnable mark on each of their lives.
2798	Oda Nobuna no Yabou	Oda Nobuna no Yabou	Comedy	none	Ordinary high schooler Yoshiharu gets pulled into a time slip to the warring states period. There he meets Nobuna Oda - not Nobunaga, Nobuna. In this world, all the famous warlords of the era are female. Nobuna recruits Sagara, who she dubs "Monkey," to help her in her quest to rule the world.
2800	In het Vuur van de Storm	In het Vuur van de Storm	Drama	none	A lonely old guy has been ravaged by nightmares and evil ghosts from the past for over 60 years. Carrying a dirty secret that he kept quiet to the outside world.But on a stormy nights he is being hunted by these ghosts once again, the story repeats itselfs again. It brings him back to the summer of 1942, two young people, a Dutch-German guy Hans Hallerbach and a Jewish girl Vera Weinberg, where they play a dangerous game to save their forbidden relationship.Both families try to end this, but when the Germans start to deport Dutch Jews, the danger is getting closer.Once Hans has been called to arms and Vera's family has been threathened, the game becomes more embittered
2805	Bachelor in Paradise: After Paradise	Bachelor in Paradise: After Paradise	Romance	none	"Bachelor in Paradise: After Paradise" will feature host Harrison and co-host Mollen discussing and dissecting the most recent episodes of Bachelor in Paradise, alongside cast members and celebrity fans. Bachelor fans know Mollen from her prolific live tweeting during past seasons of The Bachelor and The Bachelorette, while Harrison is the man who has seen it all as the host of "The Bachelor" franchise since the first rose ceremony took place over 13 years ago. Together they'll present questions and comments from viewers, debut deleted scenes, outtakes and exclusive extra content, all the while allowing members of #BachelorNation to finally have their say.
2805	Bachelor in Paradise: After Paradise	Week 1	Romance	none	Actors Josh Malina, Katie Lowes and surprise guests join the discussion about the most recent episode of "Bachelor in Paradise."
2805	Bachelor in Paradise: After Paradise	Week 2	Romance	none	Panelists joining the discussion on the latest episode of ``Bachelor in Paradise'' include actor Paul Scheer.
2805	Bachelor in Paradise: After Paradise	Week 3	Romance	none	Guests joining the discussion of the latest ``Bachelor in Paradise'' episode include actor Jason Biggs and director James Gunn.
2805	Bachelor in Paradise: After Paradise	Week 6	Romance	none	A discussion about the most recent "Bachelor in Paradise" episode; special guests include comic Nikki Glaser and Miss America 2015 Kira Kazantsev.
2809	Intervention: Then & Now	Intervention: Then & Now	Drama	none	"Intervention: Then & Now" includes new interviews with individuals that have been profiled in previous episodes of of the A&E series "Intervention."
2809	Intervention: Then & Now	Allison	Drama	none	A pre-med student begins inhaling cans of dust remover as a means of coping with a childhood trauma and her parents' divorce.
2809	Intervention: Then & Now	Jessica and Hubert	Drama	none	A teenager becomes addicted to heroin and loses her job at the family business; a man who protected his siblings from his parents' violent outbursts now needs help 40 years later.
2809	Intervention: Then & Now	Joey	Drama	none	A tattoo artist's addiction to heroin threatens to derail his career and prevents him from spending time with his daughter.
2811	The Cyanide and Happiness Show	The Cyanide and Happiness Show	Comedy	10.0	Cyanide & Happiness Show is a comedy animated web series written and illustrated by Rob DenBleyker, Kris Wilson, Dave McElfatrick and formerly Matt Melvin, based on their webcomic Cyanide & Happiness.
2814	Bad Guys	Bad Guys	Action	none	To combat rising violent crimes, the Police Chief asks Detective Oh Goo Tak to form a team consisting of criminals. He is currently suspended from the police force for using excessive force. He then gathers team members: Park Woong Chul who is a gangster, Lee Jung Moon who is the youngest serial killer with extraordinary intelligence and Jung Tae Soo who is a contract killer. Police Inspector Yoo Mi Young also joins the team and she tries to have these guys work as a team by dealing with them rationally and sometimes emotionally.
2816	Style Unzipped	Style Unzipped	History	none	From the origins of the bikini, to the military significance of the pea coat and how the jockstrap was once considered a medical cure for kidney failure and insomnia – get ready to be entertained and surprised by the history of clothing and accessories we wear today in "Style Unzipped." Designers, celebrity stylists and fashion experts, including the likes of Dita Von Teese and Arianne Phillips, weigh in with commentary throughout the series.
2816	Style Unzipped	Bridesmaid Dress, Bomber Jacket, and Skinny Jeans	History	none	In this episode, we'll see how skinny jeans can sometimes be too revealing, how tighty whities evolved to look better on a woman, and how the bridesmaid dress can protect you from evil. All this and more as we reveal the stories behind the styles you thought you knew.
2816	Style Unzipped	The Thong, Eyeliner, and the Cowboy Hat	History	none	In this episode, we'll see how thongs started on men, how King Tut helped launch a 56 billion dollar cosmetic industry, how khakis went from camo to college, and how the garter belt went from practicality to sexuality. All this and more as we reveal the stories behind the styles you thought you knew.
2816	Style Unzipped	The Midriff, The Women's Blazer, and The Fedora	History	none	In this episode, we'll reveal how the drop crotch went from harem pants to hammer pants, how a president almost killed the fedora, how Hindu gods began a fashion revolution, and how the tutu can be both fairytale and fetish. All this and more as we reveal the stories behind the styles you thought you knew.
2816	Style Unzipped	The Bikini, Lipstick, and High Heels	History	none	In this episode, we'll reveal how the bikini was inspired by an atomic explosion, how the high heel was given a boost by pornography, and how the wedding ring wasn't always a symbol of eternal love. All this and more as we reveal the stories behind the styles you thought you knew.
2816	Style Unzipped	The T-Shirt, Nail Polish, and The Bra	History	none	In this episode, we'll explore how the T-shirt went from underwear to an icon of cool, how we wouldn't have nail polish without the sports car, and how early bras were fashioned after torpedoes. All this and more as we reveal the stories behind the styles you thought you knew.
2816	Style Unzipped	The Plaid Shirt, The Cape, and The Ballet Flat	History	none	In this episode, we'll show how capes aren't just for superheroes, how the pea coat isn't what it sounds like, and how plaid sparked anarchy in the UK centuries before anyone had heard of punk rock. All this and more as we reveal the stories behind the styles you thought you knew.
2816	Style Unzipped	Platinum Blonde Hair, Earrings and the Scarf	History	none	In this episode, we'll see how the Romans used gold dust to go blonde, how clip-ons saved the earring from extinction, how undergarments became outer garments, and how the scarf went from sweat cloth to social status. All this and more as we reveal the stories behind the styles you thought you knew.
2817	The First 48: Bad Blood	The First 48: Bad Blood	Drama	none	"The First 48: Bad Blood" continues A&E's First 48 franchise as it's 8th installment of the series. Old cases are revisited and the Detectives on each case give updates as to their progress and current case status.
2817	The First 48: Bad Blood	Girl Fight / Blink of an Eye	Drama	none	A mother is shot in her car while her three young children sit in the back seat; four cousins are gunned down while relaxing on their grandmother's porch.
2817	The First 48: Bad Blood	Murder Rap	Drama	none	Cleveland detectives uncover a shocking motive in the case of a bullied teen who was shot and killed outside a public library.
2817	The First 48: Bad Blood	Closing Time / Family Matters	Drama	none	The killing of a foreign exchange student is captured on video; family members are involved in a shooting at a New Orleans carwash.
2817	The First 48: Bad Blood	Return to Sender / Death Camp	Drama	none	A Dallas detective investigates the murder of a young man shot in his friend's car; Minneapolis police search for the person who beat a homeless man to death.
2818	My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic	My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic	Adventure	none	"Get your muzzle out of those books and make some friends!" That's what Princess Celestia tells Twilight Sparkle. She may be the smartest unicorn in Equestria, but Twilight Sparkle gets an "incomplete" in friendship. There's more to life than learning magic, after all -- so she goes to Ponyville on a mission to make friends. There she meets five special ponies who take her on exciting adventures and teach her the most powerful magic of all ... the magic of friendship!
2818	My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic	Canterlot Boutique	Adventure	none	Rarity's dream of owning a boutique in Canterlot finally comes true, but it comes at a price Rarity may not be willing to pay.
2818	My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic	Rarity Investigates!	Adventure	none	Rarity must prove that her friend is innocent when Rainbow Dash is accused of a crime that she did not commit.
2818	My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic	Made in Manehattan	Adventure	none	Applejack and Rarity are called to Manehattan to solve a friendship problem; they find themselves helping Coco Pommel with a major project in her neighborhood, but the three soon discover that they've bitten off more than they can chew.
2818	My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic	Brotherhooves Social	Adventure	none	When Applejack is called away and has to miss participating in the Sisterhooves Social with Apple Bloom, Big Mac decides to fill in for her.
2820	Donny!	Donny!	Comedy	none	USA Network presents the original comedy series, "DONNY!", starring Donny Deutsch. The half-hour project takes a satirical look at wealth, the media, and modern romance through the eyes of Deutsch's fictionalized character, based on the real-life famed ad-man, single dad, and TV personality. From Executive Producers Banks Tarver and Ken Druckerman of Left/Right ("Odd Mom Out," "Mob Wives," "Small Town Security") and Deutsch, DONNY! is set to premiere this fall.
2821	Six Degrees of Everything	Six Degrees of Everything	Comedy	none	"Six Degrees of Everything" is a fast-paced, comedic show hosted by Benny and Rafi Fine (KIDS REACT), who spend each week proving that anything in the world — and we mean anything — can be connected in six degrees. Using every tool in their belt, the guys take viewers down the comedic rabbit hole, uncovering fascinating facts and connecting our world in hilarious, inventive ways.
2821	Six Degrees of Everything	Einstein to Breast Implants	Comedy	none	Take a journey with the Fine Brothers as they connect Albert Einstein to breast implants in just six short degrees. Along the way, Benny and Rafi discover that Einstein's brain was actually stolen, Elvis was known to eat an 8,000-calorie sandwich, The Incredible Hulk was originally a different color, and car tires were once used for breast implants. Who knew exploring the universe of knowledge could be so entertaining?
2821	Six Degrees of Everything	Neanderthals to Smartphones	Comedy	none	Watch the Fine Brothers connect Neanderthals to Smartphones in six short degrees. They'll learn that Napoleon wasn't actually short and that the modern smartphone is more powerful than all of NASA's computers from 1969.
2821	Six Degrees of Everything	Cannibals to Cannabis	Comedy	none	Napoleon's penis throughout the years and how its size, or lack thereof, affected history in many ways.
2821	Six Degrees of Everything	Girl Scouts to Game of Thrones	Comedy	none	The Fine Brothers connect Girl Scouts to Game of Thrones; Benny and Rafi learn rice was used as mortar in the Great Wall of China; Fidel Castro was targeted with over 600 attempted assassinations.
2821	Six Degrees of Everything	Shakespeare to the Harlem Shake	Comedy	none	Take a journey with the Fine Brothers as they connect Shakespeare to the Harlem Shake in just six short degrees. This time, Benny and Rafi learn: there are twenty five moons named after Shakespeare characters, it rains diamonds on Uranus, P.T. Barnum hosted the first beauty pageant and the biggest Harlem Shake video consisted of 70,000 participants.
2821	Six Degrees of Everything	Pyramid Of Giza To Personal Pizza	Comedy	none	Take a journey with the Fine Brothers as they find out jazz can reduce chronic migraines, one man used Craigslist to trade a cell phone for a Porsche Boxster, and penguins practice prostitution to build better nests!
2822	Punk'd	Punk'd	Comedy	none	No one is safe, plain and simple. The hit prank reality TV show "Punk'd" gets a facelift as the new version takes viewers behind-the-scenes as the pranks are constructed. You'll not only see the pranks get executed, but you'll also see what happens when we select which celebs to get!
2822	Punk'd	Chris Brown & K. Michelle	Comedy	none	Guest star Chris Brown in a new music video; K. Michelle is involved with relationship issues; an unexpected visitor.
2822	Punk'd	A$AP Rocky & Miguel	Comedy	none	Trying to force open a stuck door, A$AP Rocky hits a bride who's about to walk down the aisle, getting blood all over her white dress. Miguel appears on a radio show, an overzealou...
2822	Punk'd	Rita Ora & Michael B. Jordan	Comedy	none	When Rita Ora and her accomplice park, they notice something very concerning inside the car parked next to them. Michael B. Jordan and a friend find themselves being trailed by pap...
2822	Punk'd	Sanaa Lathan & Trey Songz	Comedy	none	When Sanaa Lathan attends a psychic reading, the truth behind the psychic's powers rears its ugly, double head. Trey Songz is a guest on the Big Boy in the morning radio show when ...
2822	Punk'd	Rosario Dawson & Meek Mill	Comedy	none	Rosario Dawson learns the hard way; an injured child is introduced to Meek Mill through a charity organization.
2823	Road No. 1	Road No. 1	Drama	none	Based on the events occurring around "Route 1", which lies between Seoul and Pyongyang. The story about Officer Lee Jang Woo who finds himself in a war that he is not prepared for in order to protect Soo Yeon, the woman he has known and loved since youth. However, he is able to put it past him and he displays extraordinary survival skills, friendship, cooperation and ideology under brutal war conditions. Soo Yeon awaits Jang Woo's return, but eventually gets engaged to Tae Ho. When Jang Woo returns alive, however, Tae Ho discovers Jang Woo and Soo Yeon's unbreakable bond and feels betrayed.
2824	Triangle	Triangle	Drama	none	When three brothers were very young, they lost their parents. The three brothers were then separated and lived apart for 20 years without knowing of each other. They then meet again unexpectedly and begin their relationship as brothers.Jang Dong-Soo (Lee Beom-Soo) is the oldest brother. He works as a detective.Jang Dong-Woo (Siwan) is the youngest brother. He was adopted by a rich family when he was a baby and became Yoon Yang-Ha. He is cynical and cold.
2825	Heartless City	Heartless City	Action	none	Shi-Hyun grew up in an orphanage, before running away from there. He then made a living by working as a drug courier and picked up the nickname "Doctor's Son." He's now the boss of a mid-size gang. His drug supplier is a man known as Scale. Shi-Hyun has plans take over his position.Meanwhile, Hyeong-Min becomes the section chief of a special investigation unit. Their goal is to take down Scale, who killed an undercover officer. While trying to catch Scale, Hyeong-Min learns about Doctor's Son. Now, Hyeong-Min and his team go after Shi-Hyun.
2826	Secret Love	Secret Love	Drama	none	A devoted woman makes the ultimate sacrifice for her boyfriend, only to learn that love doesn't always conquer all. Yoo Jeong is a sweet, upbeat person who has always stuck by her boyfriend, Ahn Do Hoon, all through school as he cared for a disabled father. But Do Hoon gets into a car accident that results in the death of a woman. Unable to face her boyfriend having to go to jail for a hit-and-run accident, the self-sacrificing Yoo Jeong takes the blame for the accident and serves time in prison in his place. Min Hyeok, a cold-hearted heir to a business empire, had just begun to open his heart to a woman when she is killed in the hit-and-run accident. Years later, he is engaged to Shin Se Yeon, a congressman's daughter. Can Yoo Jeong and Min Hyeok mend their wounded hearts and discover the real meaning of love?
2828	Gary: Tank Commander	Gary: Tank Commander	Comedy	none	This Comedy Unit production, follows the exploits of this flamboyant perma-tanned serviceman, who looks on his time in Iraq as a holiday and whose antics are more camp than Dogwood
2829	Kokoda	Kokoda	War	none	This two-part documentary tells the story of the brutal World War II campaign fought between Australia and Japan in the green hell of the mountains of Papua New Guinea.Told from both the Japanese and Australian perspectives the series also explores the impact of the decisions of high command on the soldiers at the front line.Kokoda delves behind the myths of war to tell the story from both sides of the conflict, giving an authentic and comprehensive account of the desperate confusion of war, the intricate connections between the frontline soldiers and military high command, and the political agendas that influenced the campaign and continue to percolate through contemporary Australian society.To tell the story with authenticity, the Kokoda film crew walked and filmed the length of the Kokoda Track, capturing for the first time the visceral nature of the terrain and the Owen Stanley Mountains.The series follows in the footsteps of Australia's ill-equipped and poorly trained conscripts, the ‘chocolate soldiers' and the battled hardened troops of the Australian Imperial Forces, walking the treacherous 98-kilometre jungle trail from Port Moresby to Kokoda, then on to the blood-stained battlegrounds of Gona, Buna and Sanananda.The documentary includes interviews with Australian and Japanese veterans and historians, letters to loved ones, previously unpublished documents, archival footage, footage from the track and dramatisations in Australia and Papua New Guinea. The diaries of embedded war correspondents Okada Seizo and Chester Wilmot paint an intimate portrait of how soldiers on both sides felt during the battles.Kokoda introduces the key commanders, including controversial American General Douglas MacArthur, Australia's General Sir Thomas Blamey, and Japanese Commander Tomitaro Horii, for whom defeat in a campaign that had cost thousands of Japanese lives, was intolerable.Kokoda examines the Australian public's response to military campaigns – both then and now – and the myths that they engender.
2830	Bayazet	Bayazet	Drama	1.0	Based on the Valentin Pikul's novel "Bayazet"
2834	You're Beautiful	You're Beautiful	Drama	none	The management company of the idol group A.N.JELL insisted on adding a new singer to the group as the lead vocal, Tae Kyung's voice was hurting. However,the new member, Mi Nam, had to go to the States to repair a botched eye job just before signing the contract. His agent came up with the idea of having his twin sister, Mi Nyu,to stand in for him and pretend that she was her brother. The two of them grew up in an orphanage and Mi Nyu, who was all set to become a nun, agreed to this charade as she didn't want to spoil her brother's chance of fame which would make it easier to look for their mother.
2837	BBQ Crawl	BBQ Crawl	Cooking	none	Grab a napkin -- you're gonna need it. "BBQ Crawl" is a mouth-watering road trip that follows former world champion of pork Danielle Dimovski, aka "Diva Q," as she eats and competes her way through the American south.
2837	BBQ Crawl	Pig Candy and Chili Cheese Stuffed Doughnuts	Cooking	none	Danielle starts her crawl in Lancaster, CA, to compete at the Blazin' BBQ Throwdown. She feasts on Pig Candy, sugar coated bacon smoked on a pit and chili cheese stuffed doughnuts before she meets her fierce competition.
2837	BBQ Crawl	Surfer Dudes and Dirty Fries	Cooking	none	Danielle experiences Mississippi style BBQ in Cali, as she chows down on fries covered in pulled pork and jalapeños. Then she tries lamb cooked in a pit underground with a side of smoked grasshoppers, and finally, famous grilled fish tacos.
2837	BBQ Crawl	Phoenix Fair Food and Fancy Food Trucks	Cooking	none	Smoky tri-tip in California; a crusty brisket; a 3 lb. bacon-wrapped turkey leg at a state fair; a $70 porterhouse.
2837	BBQ Crawl	Route 66 and Big Money BBQ	Cooking	none	Juicy tip covered in Swiss cheese on Route 66; competing in the Smoke on the Water BBQ contest for prizes.
2837	BBQ Crawl	Utah Brisket Pizza, Tacos and Dutch Oven Cooking	Cooking	none	A giant meaty brisket pizza cooked in a bull's head oven; brisket tacos covered in feta; delicious meats from a Dutch oven.
2837	BBQ Crawl	Big Apple BBQ	Cooking	none	Pulled goat and carne asada tacos; a juicy duck leg on top of a huckleberry waffle; creamy crawfish etouffee.
2837	BBQ Crawl	Jersey Shore Parties and Pit Roasted Pig	Cooking	none	Sea BBQ contest in New Jersey; whole roasted pig and pork blood stew; savory pulled chicken sandwich.
2837	BBQ Crawl	Baltimore Pit Beef and Pam the Butcher	Cooking	none	Danielle explores four styles of barbecue including pit beef and trendy cuts of meat.
2837	BBQ Crawl	Korean BBQ; Candied Pork; Whole Hog BBQ	Cooking	none	Danielle gets some helpful additions for her trailer; a visit to Clyde Cooper's BBQ; a whole hog barbecue joint; fusion barbecue at the Bulkogi Korean BBQ truck; Midwood Smokehouse in Charlotte, NC.
2837	BBQ Crawl	Beer, BBQ and Bratwurst	Cooking	none	Danielle and Chad visit Blue Ridge Brewery for its annual Oktoberfest.
2837	BBQ Crawl	Heritage Hogs; Gullah Cuisine; Charcuterie	Cooking	none	The farm-to-table movement in Charleston, SC; a charcuterie uses leftover cuts of meat and cures them to be sold; one of the oldest styles of cooking.
2837	BBQ Crawl	Giant Beef Ribs; Custom Steak; Lip Smackin' Okra	Cooking	none	Danielle prepares for the World Food Championships in Vegas by checking out the city's barbecue scene.
2837	BBQ Crawl	The World Food Championships	Cooking	none	John Mull's Roadkill Grill has a history in Nevada; Danielle competes in the World Food Championships.
2838	Steampunk'd	Steampunk'd	DIY	none	Inspired by 19th century industrial steam-powered machinery, "Steampunk" is a retro-futuristic design movement seen in everything from fashion, to technology, to pop culture. In "STEAMPUNK'D", the contestants (also known as "Makers") work in teams and compete in a series of pressure-filled challenges designed to test their unique abilities to transform ordinary objects and fashion into creative masterpieces. Each week, one of the 10 Makers will be eliminated and the last one standing will take home the $100,000 grand prize.
2838	Steampunk'd	The-Future-Is-the-Past (Pilot)	DIY	none	Ten competitors battle to be crowned America's Top Steampunk Maker.
2838	Steampunk'd	The Secret in Front of You	DIY	none	The makers create a secret lair for a femme fatale; an added mystery button tempts some to make a daring choice.
2838	Steampunk'd	Wild, Wild East	DIY	none	Makers build a bedroom consisting of Asian Steampunk, which was a look of the Far East during the Victorian era.
2838	Steampunk'd	Brave New Wardrobe	DIY	none	The makers steampunk the manor's closet with retro-futuristic outfits and designing; guest judge Kirsten Vangsness.
2838	Steampunk'd	Baby Steam	DIY	none	Creating a steampunk nursery tests the limits of the makers to showcase their individual skills; guest judge Sabrina Soto.
2839	American Rehab: Charleston	American Rehab: Charleston	DIY	none	"American Rehab: Charleston" on the DIY Network is the newest of the renovation shows. Licensed contractor Trent Fasnacht is determined to renovate a 107-year-old Victorian country home in South Carolina that has fallen into a state of disrepair.
2839	American Rehab: Charleston	Historic Living Room and Foyer	DIY	none	The renovation begins in the living room and foyer, but the team find termite damage and wood rot, which complicate their build.
2841	Akka	Akka	Drama	none	One million yen in elaborate fake bills that no one can tell are not the real deal were picked up by a homeless person. The bills begin to circulate like the blood flowing through blood vessels. These fake bills undermine the Japanese economy like a virus. In order to build a world that is not dominated by money, a plan to overturn the value of the root of money is launched. What is the fate of the man with such a tremendous plan? A millionaire, an undercover agent, community representative, and a genius appraiser that specializes in distinguishing counterfeit bills, speculation is placed on each. Everything leads to a conspiracy of dark organizations trying to destroy the Japanese economy. -- D-Addict
2843	Corp + Anam	Corp + Anam	Drama	none	The series deals with the murky corners of life on the fringes of the law, and interrogates the frenzied role the media play in presenting human tragedies as consumable bite-size news. This is Irish-language crime drama with a heart of darkness.
2844	Crimes of Passion	Crimes of Passion	Drama	none	Based on the classic mystery novels by Maria Lang and starring Wallander's Ola Rapace, Crimes of Passion is a collection of stylish whodunnits set in post-war Sweden. The brainy and beautiful Puck is a university student obsessed with crime novels, so when she finds herself in the middle of mystery and murder, she's never short on ideas and insights. She's also in love with fellow academic Einar, who is as drawn to her as he is to medieval history. Together with Einar's childhood friend, Police Commissioner Christer, they witness the passions, betrayals and intrigue in the lives of respectable and seemingly quiet-living Swedes. Crimes of Passion is set in the magical beauty of the lake region of Bergslagen in south central Sweden. It may be far north on the globe, but given their steamy passions and secret lives, there's nothing chilly about these characters from Lang's famous
2845	My Grandmother's Ravioli	My Grandmother's Ravioli	Cooking	none	Join the very funny Mo Rocca as he learns to cook and discover treasured family recipes and stories from grandparents in their kitchens across the country in "My Grandmother's Ravioli". From a Filipino grandmother's Paella, a Romanian grandfather's Grilled Sausages to Italian born Pop's Focaccia and Rabbit Cacciatore, it's a delicious hour celebrating the American melting pot of food, family and fun. (
2845	My Grandmother's Ravioli	Lower East Side Story	Cooking	none	Ninety-something Ruth Taube is an institution on New York City's historic Lower East Side. She teaches Mo Rocca many things, including how to make a mean Matzo ball soup and farfel, as well as how to sew. Ruth and Mo also hit some classic Manhattan specialty stores to buy pickles and black and white cookies before they head to dinner with her daughter and grandkids.
2845	My Grandmother's Ravioli	Meena, Mo and the Momos	Cooking	none	Meena, 70, and Amar Giri were born in Nepal (land of Mount Everest) but they currently reside in Amish country, Lancaster, Pa. This charming couple takes Mo Rocca to new culinary heights by showing him how to make the dumplings known (coincidentally) as momos. They also visit a local goat farm and later make the traditional dish goat curry.
2845	My Grandmother's Ravioli	Goulash Is a Soup Not a Stew	Cooking	none	Mo meets the very dramatic former actress Julia Garay, an 87-year-old Hungarian grandmother living near Philadelphia. Julia shows Mo Rocca how to make the classic entrees of her homeland made with that very Hungarian spice, paprika -- Goulash and Chicken Paprikash. She also teaches Mo how to make a very refreshing soup made with sour cherries. Plus, a few surprise guests stop by while Julia and Mo are cooking.
2845	My Grandmother's Ravioli	Bill and Mo's OK Episode	Cooking	none	Grandpa Bill "BK" Nuzum, 77, of El Reno, Okla., recreates what life and food were like on America's plains in the 19th century. His unique and fascinating hobby is to build chuck wagons -- he and his friends dress like a ranchers/cowboys of yesteryear and cook some hearty grub outdoors. They cook up some chili, biscuits, cobbler and a whole lot more using large Dutch ovens. It's living history at its best and most delicious.
2845	My Grandmother's Ravioli	Pretty Flye for a Grandma	Cooking	none	Grandma Nona Flye, 75, of Dallas, and Mo Rocca go hunting in the woods of Quanah, Texas, and cook up their bounty in her recreational vehicle. Whatever they shoot will be on the dinner menu, whether it's raccoon, quail, or deer. Everything is bigger in Texas and Nona is a larger-than-life character worthy of this great state.
2845	My Grandmother's Ravioli	Remember The A La Mode	Cooking	none	Grandpa Louis McMillan, 69 of Fannin, Texas, is a master at the art of barbecue. He knows what temperature to cook the meat, how to apply dry rub, how long to smoke it and cook it. His eatery was a former post office -- and the food there always delivers. It was deemed one of Texas' top barbecue joints many years running. If you like brisket, ribs and the South, you will not want to miss this episode.
2845	My Grandmother's Ravioli	Sister, Sister	Cooking	none	Sister Marie Pappas, 62, is a kind and energetic nun who lives in a convent in Hopewell Junction, N.Y. She has dedicated her life to her faith and to teaching young people about religion. It's a Hawaiian-themed dinner at the convent, and Sr. Marie and her fellow nuns teach Mo Rocca how to prepare grilled chicken with pineapple and a pineapple cake that could be described as heavenly. Sr. Marie also has Mo as a guest on her weekly radio show.
2845	My Grandmother's Ravioli	Walking On Ayr	Cooking	none	Guelda Barker, 93, is a charming grandmother from the small town of Mount Ayr, Iowa, population 1689. Guelda is a retired lunch lady who wowed the kids with all her many specialties, from hot beef sandwiches, to chocolate cake and her beloved cinnamon rolls. Mo Rocca visits Guelda during Mount Ayr's annual town festival, "Ayr Days", which has a parade and lots of good cheer.
2845	My Grandmother's Ravioli	Jam on it!	Cooking	none	If you like jelly and jam, you'll love Pittsburgh native Kathleen "Kitty" Kleber, who grows just about every kind of fruit in her backyard and that fruit ends up in an airtight jar. The varieties of jellies, jams and spreads are astounding -- elderberry, candy apple, tomato, inferno, raspberry hot pepper, boysenberry and caramel apple just to name a few. Kitty picks and preserves fruit with Mo Rocca and they go on a shopping excursion to Pittsburgh for baked goods.
2845	My Grandmother's Ravioli	The LeBron Grandmothers' Fan Club	Cooking	none	Part of the success of NBA superstar LeBron James is his giant fan club based in Akron, Ohio, whose members are spirited grannies rooting him on during every game. Mo Rocca spends quality time with Alder Chapman, the president of the club, and Pat Idley, who edited the group's cookbook. Together they create a meal that's a slam dunk -- jambalaya, beer batter chitterlings, corn bread salad, lemon meringue pie and more.
2845	My Grandmother's Ravioli	Brotherly Love And Spicy Crabs	Cooking	none	Mustachioed grandpa Vincent Pesiri of Clementon, NJ, 55, loves watching football almost as much as he loves cooking. Vin and Mo whip up some spicy crabs for the guys to eat while watching TV in the Man Cave. Later, Vin and Mo cross the Jersey/Philly border to shop for dinner (and punch a few slabs of meat). Back home, Vin and Mo cook up some hearty paella and bananas foster for everyone's sweet tooth.
2847	Difficult People	Difficult People	Comedy	7.0	"Difficult People" hails from the comedic minds of Julie Klausner (Ugly Americans) and Billy Eichner (Emmy-nominated Billy on the Streets), who star as themselves. As best friends living in New York City, their typical, irreverent behavior lands them in some very awkward situations.
2847	Difficult People	Pilot	Comedy	7.0	Billy and Julie try to make money off selling bottled library water fountain water and Julie gets in trouble for a controversial tweet.
2847	Difficult People	Devil's Three-Way	Comedy	7.0	Billy finds a father figure in Denise's husband, Nate. Julie seeks out an old high school crush and brings him to bed with her and Arthur.
2847	Difficult People	Pledge Week	Comedy	7.0	Things get complicated for Julie when Arthur cracks under the pressure of the PBS pledge drive. Meanwhile Billy finds out he is only a participator with the new guy he met.
2847	Difficult People	A Soldier's Courage	Comedy	7.0	Billy attends a Yom Kippur dinner with his very Jewish brother. Julie tries to befriend a veteran to prove to Marilyn's compensatory daughter that she's charitable.
2847	Difficult People	The Children's Menu	Comedy	7.0	While Billy's boss is out of town, Billy and Julie overhaul the café menu with children's cuisine at adult prices.
2847	Difficult People	Even Later	Comedy	7.0	Billy and Julie prepare a portfolio for a writing job, but find it easier to delay than write.
2847	Difficult People	Premium Membership	Comedy	7.0	Billy has some unexpected fun at the dog park. And Billy and Julie decide to create their own podcast, which proves more difficult than they anticipated.
2847	Difficult People	Difficult Christmas	Comedy	7.0	Julie and Billy book a gig at The Cutting Room, but Billy's newfound obligation to family threatens to compromise their big break.
2849	The Emperor's Cook	The Emperor's Cook	Drama	none	Tokuzo Akiyama (Takeru Satoh) is a young man living in a rural area. One day, he eats cutlet. That experience leads him to become a cook for western style food. He first goes to Tokyo and then Paris, France to learn about the culinary arts. Fighting against discrimination and prejudice, he becomes a chef at the Hotel Ritz in Paris, France. At the age of 26, he becomes the chef for the Emperor of Japan.
2850	The Empress of China	The Empress of China	Drama	none	The Empress of China is a Chinese television drama based on events in 7th and 8th-century Tang dynasty, starring producer Fan Bingbing as the titular character Wu Zetian—the only woman in Chinese history to rule as an emperor.
2851	Tiger Cubs 2	Tiger Cubs 2	Drama	none	The Special Duties Unit (SDU), led by Joe Ma and consisting of team members Him Law, Oscar Leung and Mandy Wong, continue to work coherently together. Still, new challenges constantly come up, including having to adjust to the different working style of the new Chief Inspector (Timmy Hung). During one particular hostage rescue mission, Joe encounters Linda Chung, an undercover agent who is being chased by the triads. Her resourcefulness and bravery leaves a deep impression on Joe. He helps her return to the Criminal Intelligence Bureau (CIB) and they gradually develop romantic feelings. But Joe is uneasy about Linda's deceptive behaviour, as if she is hiding a secret. In addition, his leadership of the SDU is questioned when a team member is reprimanded after a failed mission. Seeing the growing internal strife, Joe decides to resign. Meanwhile, Linda resorts to any tactic to find the person who betrayed her as an undercover, including using intelligence reports which put the SDU team at risk. Faced with so many imminent threats, how will Joe and the SDU team work together to solve these problems?
2852	The Bride Mask	The Bride Mask	Drama	none	Bridal Mask (Gaksital) is a famous manhwa set in the 1930s during the Japanese occupation. The hero, Lee Kang-to, is known as 'Gaksital' because he wears a mask to hide his face — one of those traditional play masks, specifically the rosy-cheeked one reserved for the female role, aka the bride. He's an unassuming young man in real life, but when he dons his superhero mask, he fights injustice and rights wrongs during one of the darkest periods of Korea's history.
2853	ThirTEEN Terrors	ThirTEEN Terrors	Drama	none	Every school has a past that people want to be concealed. There are things that happened that people don't want to talk about. There are students whom people want to forget. And there are secrets waiting for the day that they're revealed.
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	WWE PPV on WWE Network	Drama	none	Beginning with the 2014 Extreme Rules Pay-Per-View on 4 May 2014 the WWE began airing all of their Wrestling Pay-Per-Views exclusively on the WWE Network. Subscribers who pay the $9.95 monthly fee will be able to view any Pay-Per-Views past, present and in the future exclusively on the WWE Network at no additional charge as long as their monthly fees are paid up-to-date.
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	2014 Extreme Rules - East Rutherford, NJ	Drama	none	This is the first pay-per-view event that will be shown exclusively on the WWE Network.The matches scheduled on this PPV are:Alexander Rusev (with Lana "the Ravishing Russian") vs. R-Truth & Xavier WoodsWWE Diva's Champion Paige defends her title against Tamina SnukaWWE Intercontinental Champion Big E Langston defends his title against Bad News BarrettSteel Cage match: John Cena vs. Bray WyattThe Shield (Dean Ambrose, Roman Raines & Seth Rollins) vs. Evolution (Triple H, Randy Orton & Batista)Main Event match:WWE World Heavyweight Champion Daniel Bryan defends his title against the challenge of "The Big RED Machine" Kane
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	2014 Payback - Rosemont, IL	Drama	none	This is the 5th WWE PPV in 2014 and the 2nd annual edition of "Payback". The 1st "Payback" PPV was held on 16 June 2013 at this same location of the Allstate Arena in Rosemont, Illinois.The matches scheduled on this PPV are as follows:WWE US Championship match:Champion Sheamus vs. Cesaro (w/Paul Heyman)WWE Intercontinental Championship match:Champion Bad News Barrett vs. Rob Van DamLast Man Standing match:John Cena vs. Bray WyattMain Event: No Holds Barred 6-Man Elimination match: Evolution (Triple H, Randy Orton & Batista) vs. The Shield (Dean Ambrose, Seth Rollins & Roman Reigns)
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	2014 Money in the Bank - Boston, MA	Drama	none	Coverage of the Money in the Bank event from Boston. The scheduled matches on this PPV card are as follows:Singles match for the WWE Divas Championship:WWE Divas Champion Paige vs. NaomiMoney in the Bank ladder match for a WWE World Heavyweight Championship contract:Bad News Barrett, Dean Ambrose, Dolph Ziggler, Jack Swagger, Kofi Kingston, Rob Van Dam & Seth RollinsTag Team match for the WWE Tag Team Championship:WWF Tag Team Champions The Usos (Jimmy & Jey Uso) vs. The Wyatt Family (Luke Harper & Erick Rowan)Main Event: Ladder match for the vacant WWE World Heavyweight Championship:Alberto Del Rio, Bray Wyatt, Cesaro (with Paul Heyman), John Cena, Kane, Randy Orton, Roman Reigns & Sheamus
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	Battleground 2014 - Tampa, FL	Drama	none	Coverage of Battleground 2014 direct from Tampa. The scheduled matches are as follows:Bray Wyatt vs. Chris JerichoCameron vs. NaomiWWE Divas Champion AJ Lee defends her title vs. PaigeDean Ambrose vs. Seth RollinsJack Swagger vs. Rusev22-Man Over the Top Rope Battle Royal for the vacant WWE Intercontinental Championship: Adam Rose, Alberto Del Rio, Big E, Bo Dallas, Cesaro, Curtis Axel, Damien Sandow, Diego, Dolph Ziggler, Fandango, Heath Slater, Kofi Kingston, Rob Van Dam, R-Truth, Ryback, Sheamus, Sin Cara, The Great Khali, The Miz, Titus O'Neil, Xavier Woods & Zack RyderMain Event:WWE World Champion John Cena defends his title in a Fatal 4-way match against Kane, Randy Orton & Roman Reigns
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	2014 SummerSlam - Los Angeles, CA	Drama	none	Coverage is shown of the 2014 SummerSlam from Los Angeles. The scheduled matches are as follows:Rob Van Dam vs. CesaroWWE Intercontinental Champion The Miz defends his title vs. Dolph ZigglerWWE Divas Champion AJ Lee defends her title vs. PaigeRusev (with the "Ravishing Russian" Lana) vs. Jack Swagger (with Zeb Colter) in a Flag MatchSeth Rollins vs. Dean Ambrose Lumberjack MatchBray Wyatt vs. Chris JerichoStephanie McMahon vs. Brie BellaRoman Reigns vs. Randy OrtonMain Event:WWE World Heavyweight Champion John Cena defends his title vs. "The Beast" Brock Lesnar
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	Night of Champions 2014 - Nashville, TN	Drama	none	Night of Champions 2014 is coming live from Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tennessee. The matches scheduled for tonight's card include the following:WWE Tag-team Champions The Usos (Jimmy & Jey) defend their titles against Goldust & StardustMark Henry vs. RusevWWE U.S. Champion Sheamus defends his title against CesaroWWE Intercontinental Champion Dolph Ziggler defends his title against The MizWWE Divas Champion Paige defends her title in a 3-way match against AJ Lee & Nikki BellaMain Event:WWE World Heavyweight Champion Brock Lesnar defends his title against John Cena
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	2014 Hell in a Cell - Dallas, TX	Drama	none	Coverage of 2014's Hell in a Cell live from Dallas, Texas. The following matches have been scheduled for this show:WWE Intercontinental Champion Dolph Ziggler defends his title vs. Cesaro (2-out-3 falls)Tag team Champions Gold & Stardust defend their titles vs. the Uso's (Jimmy & Jey Uso)WWE Diva's Champion AJ Lee defends her title against PaigeWWE U.S. Champion Sheamus defends his title vs. MizBig Show vs. RusevBrie Bella vs. Nikki Bella (loser becomes the other's personal assistant)Double HELL in a CELL Main Event:Dean Ambrose vs. Seth RollinsJohn Cena vs. Randy Orton (winner becomes #1 contender for the WWE World Championship)
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	Survivor Series 2014 - St. Louis, MO	Drama	none	2014 Survivor Series live from St. Louis, MO & the following matches have been scheduled:Dean Ambrose vs. Bray WyattWWE Divas Champion AJ Lee defends her title vs. Nikki BellaFatal 4-Way for WWE Tag Titles: Gold & Stardust vs. Jimmy & Jey Uso vs. Los Matadores vs. The Miz & Damien MizdowMain Event: Traditional 5–5 Survivor Series Elimination Tag Team Match: Team Cena (John Cena, Dolph Ziggler, Big Show, Erick Rowan & Ryback) vs. Team Authority (Seth Rollins, Kane, Mark Henry, Rusev & Luke Harper)(stipulation if Team Authority loses, they will no longer be in power)
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	2014 TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs - Cleveland, OH	Drama	none	Live coverage of this event is coming from the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland, Ohio.This event was recently renamed to: Tables, Ladders, Chairs... and StairsThe scheduled matches are as follows:TLC match: Dean Ambrose vs. Bray WyattChairs match: Ryback "The Big Guy" vs. KaneSteel Stairs match: Erick Rowan vs. Big ShowLadder match for the WWE Intercontinental Championship: Champion Luke Harper vs. Dolph ZigglerSingles match for the WWE U. S. Championship: Champion Rusev vs. Jack SwaggerTables match: John Cena vs. Seth Rollins if Cena loses, he will no longer be the #1 contender for the WWE World Championship.
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	2015 Royal Rumble - Philadelphia, PA	Drama	none	The 2015 Royal Rumble which is the WWE's 1st pay-per-view for 2015. This PPV will be broadcast live from the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The scheduled matches for this card are:The 30-man royal rumble where the winner is guaranteed a world title match at WrestleMania with a Special Guest entrant.The Ascension vs. The New Age OutlawsThe Bella Twins vs. Paige & NatalyaThe New Day vs. Adam Rose, Cesaro & Tyson KiddThe Usos vs. Miz & Mizdow for Tag Team titlesMain Event: Triple Threat match for the WWE World Heavyweight Championship: WWE World Champion Brock Lesnar vs. John Cena vs. Seth Rollins
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	2015 WWE Fastlane - Memphis, TN	Drama	none	The 2015 WWE Fast Lane is the newest PPV for the WWE replacing the Elimination Chamber PPV. It will be broadcast live from the FedEx Forum in Memphis, Tennessee. The following matches are scheduled for this card:WWE U.S. Champion Rusev (with Lana) vs. John Cena for the U.S. ChampionshipWWE Divas Champion Nikki Bella (with Brie Bella) vs. Paige for the Divas ChampionshipIntercontinental Champion Bad News Barrett defends his title vs. Dean AmbroseWWE Tag Team Champions the Uso's vs. Cesar & Tyson KidGoldust vs. StardustMain Event: Daniel Bryan vs. Roman Reigns with the winner going to the Main Event at WrestleMania to face the current WWE Heavyweight Champion of the World Brock Lesnar
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	WrestleMania 31 - Santa Clara, California	Drama	none	The 31st annual WrestleMania also known as "The Grand Daddy of them all" will be held at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, California.The following matches have been scheduled as of 12 March 2015:Randy Orton vs. Seth RollinsWWE Intercontinental Champion Bad News Barrett defends his title in a Ladder Match vs. R-Truth vs. Dean Ambrose vs. Luke Harper vs. Dolph Ziggler vs. Stardust vs Daniel BryanAndré the Giant Memorial Battle RoyalU.S. Champion Rusev (with Lana) vs. John CenaAJ Lee & Paige vs. The Bella TwinsThe Undertaker vs. Bray WyattDouble Main Event: Sting vs. Triple HWWE World Heavyweight Champion Brock Lesnar defends his title against Roman Reigns
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	Extreme Rules 2015 - Rosemont, Illinois	Drama	none	The 2015 Extreme Rules is being broadcast live from the Allstate Arena in Rosemont, Illinois. The scheduled matches are as follows:WWE U.S. Champion John Cena defends his title vs. Rusev (w/Lana)WWE Intercontinental Champion Daniel Bryan defends his title vs. Bad News BarrettWWE Divas Champion Nikki Bella defends her title vs. PaigeDean Ambrose vs. Luke Harper in a Chicago Street Fight matchDolph Ziggler vs. Sheamus in a KISS my Arse matchRoman Reigns vs. the Big Show in a Last Man Standing matchMain Event: WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins defends his title vs. Randy Orton in a Steel Cage
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	Payback 2015 - Baltimore, Maryland	Drama	none	The 2015 Extreme Rules is being broadcast live from the Royal Farms Arena in Baltimore, Maryland.WWE U.S. Champion John Cena defends his title vs. Rusev in a "I Quit" matchDolph Ziggler vs. SheamusBray Wyatt vs. RybackKing Barrett vs. NevilleNaomi & Tamina vs. The Bella TwinsWWE Tag team Champions The New Day vs. Cesaro & Tyson Kidd in a 2-out-0f-3 falls match for the titlesMain Event: Fatal 4-Way match for the WWE World Heavyweight Championship the current Champion Seth Rollins vs. Randy Orton vs. Roman Reigns vs. Dean Ambrose
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	2015 Elimination Chamber - Corpus Christi, Texas	Drama	none	The 2015 Elimination Chamber is being broadcast live from the American Bank Center in Corpus Christi, Texas.Elimination Chamber match for the vacant WWE Intercontinental Championship: Sheamus vs. Ryback vs. R-Truth vs. King Barrett vs. Rusev vs. Dolph ZigglerElimination Chamber match for the WWE Tag Team Championship: Current Champions The New Day vs. The Lucha Dragons vs. Tyson Kidd & Cesaro vs. The Prime Time Players vs. The Ascension vs. Los Matadores Bo Dallas vs. NevilleJohn Cena vs. Kevin OwensTriple Threat match: The Divas Champion Nikki Bella defends her title vs. Paige vs. NaomiMain Event: The WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins defends his title against Dean Ambrose
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	2015 Money In The Bank - Columbus, Ohio	Drama	none	The 2015 Extreme Rules is being broadcast live from the Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio. The scheduled matches are as follows:WWE Divas Champion Nikki Bella defends her title against PaigeWWE Intercontinental Champion Ryback defends his title against the Big ShowWWE Tag-team Champions the New Day defend their titles against the Prime Time PlayersWWE U.S. Champion John Cena vs. NXT Champion Kevin Owens (non-title rematch)Money in the Bank ladder match for a WWE World Heavyweight Championship match contract between Dolph Ziggler, Kane, Kofi Kingston, Neville, Randy Orton & Roman ReignsMain event:WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins defends his title in a rematch against Dean Ambrose in a Ladder Match
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	Battleground 2015 - St. Louis, Missouri	Drama	none	Battleground 2015 is being broadcast live from the Scottrade Center in St. Louis, Missouri. The following matches have been scheduled for this card:Bray Wyatt vs. Roman ReignsKing Barrett vs. R-TruthRandy Orton vs. "Mr. Money in the Bank" SheamusThe WWE Tag-team Champions The Prime Time Players (Darren Young & Titus O'Neil) defend their titles against the former champions The New DayBrie Bella vs. Charlotte vs. Sasha BanksU.S. Champion John Cena vs. NXT Champion Kevin OwensMain event: WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins defends his title against the former champion "The Beast" Brock Lesnar
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	2015 SummerSlam - Brooklyn, New York City, New York	Drama	none	Summerslam 2015 is being broadcast live from the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York City, New York. The scheduled matches are as follows:WWE United States Champion John Cena vs. WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins in a Title vs. Title matchTeam Bella vs. Team B.A.D. vs. PCB 3-team eliminationStephen Amell & Neville vs. Stardust & King BarrettBray Wyatt & Luke Harper vs. Roman Reigns & Dean AmbroseThe WWE Tag-team Champions The Prime Time Players vs. The New Day vs. Los Matadores vs. The Lucha Dragons in a Fatal 4-Way tag team match for the WWE Tag Team ChampionshipUS Champion Ryback vs. The Big Show vs. The MizKevin Owens vs. CesaroRandy Orton vs. SheamusDolph Ziggler vs. RusevMain event:Rematch - Brock Lesnar vs. The Undertaker
2855	WWE PPV on WWE Network	Night of Champions 2015 - Houston, Texas - WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins defends his title vs. The Icon Sting	Drama	none	Night of Champions 2015 is live from the Toyota Center in Houston, Texas. The scheduled matches for tonight's card are as follows:The WWE Tag Team Champions The New Day defend their titles vs. The Dudley Boyz (Bubba Ray Dudley & D-Von Dudley)Dolph Ziggler vs. Rusev (with Summer Rae)Six-man tag team match: Dean Ambrose, Roman Reigns & Randy Orton vs. The Wyatt Family (Bray Wyatt, Luke Harper & Braun Strowman)WWE Intercontinental Champion Ryback defends his title against Kevin OwensWWE Divas Champion Nikki Bella defends her title against Charlotte (Charlotte's Dad, Ric Flair will be in attendance)WWE United States Champion Seth Rollins defends his title vs. former Champion John CenaMain Event:WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins defends his title vs. The Icon Sting
2856	Nowhere to Hide	Nowhere to Hide	Drama	none	Investigation Discovery's compelling new crime and justice series "NOWHERE TO HIDE" follows New York City private investigator extraordinaire, Steven Rambam, as he recounts the most dramatic stories from his extensive casebook. Just when criminals think they have escaped the long arm of the law, the world-renowned PI finds them and brings them to justice. Driven by his determination to uncover the truth, Rambam will stop at nothing – from utilizing the help of legendary rock band KISS to capture a charlatan who left his wife destitute, to solving the mystery of the Infamous ‘Prince of Austria' by surrendering to his own arrest! NOWHERE TO HIDE premieres Monday, August 4 at 10/9c on Investigation Discovery.
2856	Nowhere to Hide	Three Doctors, One Wife (Pilot)	Drama	none	A Private Investigator uncovers a extortionist as he investigates a domestic dispute.
2856	Nowhere to Hide	Stalked by a Cop	Drama	none	Texas A&M student Kerry Kujawa left his dorm room on a spring afternoon to visit his online love interest, Kelley McCauley in San Antonio - and never returned. Two weeks later, his badly decomposed body is discovered on a desolate prairie 130 miles away.
2856	Nowhere to Hide	Faking It For Love	Drama	none	An auto mechanic from Arizona, who'd recently purchased a multimillion-dollar life-insurance policy, is discovered dead in Mexico.
2856	Nowhere to Hide	Kiss And Run	Drama	none	The manager of the band Kiss went on the run, leaving his family turning to a homeless shelter.
2856	Nowhere to Hide	The Prince of Austria	Drama	none	The show takes a look at a money-laundering scam planned by a man who claims he is Austrian royalty.
2856	Nowhere to Hide	Family Secrets	Drama	none	A young woman is concerned that she could have a genetic disease whilst a financier looks for answers from his childhood.
2856	Nowhere to Hide	Grave Secrets	Drama	none	In order to solve a 30-year-old mystery, Rambam breaks one of his own cardinal rules. He brings a client to the scene of her father's murder in Mexico. When a fascinating story emerges that includes a stalker, a voodoo priest, and an ominous premonition.
2856	Nowhere to Hide	Stars, Stripes and Broken Hearts	Drama	none	A U.S. Army sergeant does everything to support his Honduran daughter until he begins to suspect the child doesn't exist; a cyber-romance curdles when a woman comes to suspect her American soldier is a fraud.
2857	Unsealed: Alien Files	Unsealed: Alien Files	Drama	none	Abductions, invasions, and conspiracies about aliens surround our world every day, from nightly news to video games to the latest box office hit. Delving into the "photoshopping" of space, the value of Wikileaks, and the role social media plays in alien stories, "Unsealed: Alien Files" offers a unique 360 degree look at how alien interaction may have affected our past, and how it will affect our future.
2857	Unsealed: Alien Files	The Next Wave	Drama	none	It's the stuff of nightmares. Emergency lines are flooded with calls as UFOs appear in the sky faster than authorities can track them. Mounting evidence has revealed that UFO waves are able to penetrate the world's most closely guarded airspace at will.
2857	Unsealed: Alien Files	UFO Metals	Drama	none	From self-healing spacecraft hulls to sinister alien implants, join us as the secrets of UFO metals are UNSEALED.
2858	Pontoon Payday	Pontoon Payday	Comedy	none	Set sail with the first-ever game show on a boat. Throughout the half-hour series of "Pontoon Payday", unsuspecting lake-goers are plucked from their party boats to suddenly find themselves competing on a floating game show hosted by comedian Frank Nicotero. If they can answer a few questions correctly, they'll win quick cash to keep their party afloat. But get the questions wrong, and they're tossed overboard with only their pride.
2859	Beach Bites with Katie Lee	Beach Bites with Katie Lee	Cooking	none	From St. Thomas to Mackinac Island, Michigan to Montauk, New York, Katie Lee is beach hopping to find the local take on the best treats these islands have to offer. She samples some fresh Ahi Tuna Nachos, helps cook a one of a kind Caribbean Stewed Chicken, kayaks to shore for a burger with a unique twist and enjoys Oyster Escabeche, with oysters she helped harvest. Plus, there's always time for cocktails, sweet treats, and more on this island hopping adventure on "Beach Bites with Katie Lee"!
2859	Beach Bites with Katie Lee	Doing the Island Hop (Pilot)	Cooking	none	From St. Thomas to Mackinac Island, Michigan to Montauk, New York, Katie Lee is beach hopping to find the local take on the best treats these islands have to offer. She samples some fresh Ahi Tuna Nachos, helps cook a one of a kind Caribbean Stewed Chicken, kayaks to shore for a burger with a unique twist and enjoys Oyster Escabeche, with oysters she helped harvest. Plus, there's always time for cocktails, sweet treats, and more on this island hopping adventure!
2860	Life in Squares	Life in Squares	Drama	none	The three-part seriel centres on the close and often fraught relationship between sisters, Vanessa Bell and Virginia Woolf, and Vanessa's sexually complicated alliance with gay artist Duncan Grant as they, and their group of like-minded friends, navigate their way through love, sex and artistic life through the first half of the 20th century.
2860	Life in Squares	Episode 1	Drama	none	Painter Vanessa Stephen and her writer sister Virginia embark on a life of unexpected, post-Victorian freedom in bohemian Bloomsbury. But when they are introduced to flamboyant male admirers, their idyll is rocked and the sisters' relationship is threatened.
2860	Life in Squares	Episode 2	Drama	none	As war descends on Europe, the Bloomsbury friends struggle to build a life outside London. Virginia weds Leonard Woolf and begins a unique, unexpectedly happy marriage, which is in stark contrast to Vanessa and Clive's failing relationship. Vanessa comes to the painful realisation that she is in love with gay Duncan Grant and so begins a life devoted to him, painting and her children.
2860	Life in Squares	Episode 3	Drama	none	Vanessa and Duncan's daughter Angelica is grown up but still unaware of her true parentage. As tragedy hits the family, Vanessa is finally galvanised into revealing the secret she's withheld for so long. Angelica's horror at the betrayal is painfully damning of her upbringing and threatens to drive a lasting wedge between mother and daughter.
2861	Marks no Yama	Marks no Yama	Drama	none	20 years ago a half-frozen boy was rescuded in the mountains after his parents apparent sucide. He gets released from a mental institution and his girlfriend notices him talking about a dark mountain shadow. Meanwhile a murder happens in a residential area in Tokyo. Assistant Inspector Goda Yuichiro takes on the investigation. Soon an official of the Ministery of Justice gets murdered in a similar fashion pointing towards a serial killer. Yet, Goda receives a strange order from above: he's not to further investigate in this direction. He senses a huge mystery behind the case and starts chasing after the psychopath killer called Marks. Somehow a journalist's research about a corrupt construction magnate and another unsolved murder that happend in the mountains 13 years ago are also linked to the case.
2862	All Men Are Brothers	All Men Are Brothers	Drama	none	Toward the end of Northern Song Dynasty, the government was deeply corrupted, and the oppressed citizens finally rebelled. A hundred and eight men and women fought against the government and took their last stand in a place called Liangshan
2863	Yellow Boots	Yellow Boots	Drama	none	A drama about the revenge of a woman who lost everything after being framed for a crime.
2864	Yaksha	Yaksha	Drama	none	Set in a tumultuous period where the political scene is murky and various people fought to gain power and the throne, the young king will do anything to strengthen his shaky position in court. His childhood friend Baek Rok leads a secret military force loyal to the king, called the "Black Cloud Swords." Baek Rok lives for his king, his brother Baek Kyul and his lover Jung Yeon, but when his ambitious brother betrays him and leads him into a trap, he finds himself on the run. He becomes a slave and gladiator, eventually returning to Joseon to seek revenge.
2865	Friend, Our Legend	Friend, Our Legend	Drama	none	Friend, Our Legend is a drama adaptation of the 2001 gangster classic film "Friend" both by the same director, Kwak Kyung Taek. This drama is a gritty, brilliant, star-studded tale of four childhood friends who grow up to become enemies and bitter rivals. Pretty-boy actor Hyun Bin, turning increasingly to "serious" dramas ever since his breakout role in the smash hit My Name is Kim Sam-Soon, brings his thespian skills to a new role as a hardened mobster, a role legendized by Jang Dong Gun in the film.Lee Joon Suk (Kim Min Joon of Tazza), Han Dong Soo (Hyun Bin), Jung Sang Taek (Suh Do Young of Spring Waltz) and Lee Shi Un (Kim Joong Ho) grow up together on the harsh streets of 70s and 80s Busan. Joon Suk and Han Dong Soo soon emerge as leaders, and the four spend every waking moment together, protecting each other, and grow up to be light-hearted teenage delinquents with a distaste for authority.Fast-forward years later, and that distaste for authority remains, but in a much more dangerous form; now Joon Suk and Dong Soo are leaders of rival mob gangs, and Sang Taek and Joong Ho are caught up in a life of crime. Caught between childhood ties and current loyalties, each one will have to choose whether or not to betray their childhood friends. Min Jin Hye of How to Meet a Perfect Neighbour co-stars as Choi Jin Sook, a woman who knew them all as children, and now watches them tear each other apart.Tightly written and gripping, Friend, Our Legend is a spare, elegant drama that effortlessly emerges as a classic gangster story, just as its film counterpart has done. It is highlighted by compelling performances and a beautiful attention to detail. Don't miss out on this tragic epic.
2867	Ed Stafford: Into The Unknown	Ed Stafford: Into The Unknown	Adventure	none	ED STAFFORD: INTO THE UNKNOWN, sees Ed on a mission to investigate the planet's newest mysteries. With photographs of Earth from the International Space Station and spy satellites showing strange and unexplained markings in some some of the most remote and inaccessible places on the planet, Ed will set out to find the target, and solve the riddle. From investigating gigantic white lines popping up on satellite images in remote West Papua to a strange pattern of circular dots in the middle of the Danakil Desert, Each astonishing image captures something hard to classify, previously unseen or anomalous. Ed will call on all of his expertise in extreme terrain and climate to uncover the truth.
2867	Ed Stafford: Into The Unknown	West Papua	Adventure	none	Renowned British explorer Ed Stafford sets out to find the cause of some mysterious white lines in what appears to be an uninhabited area of swamp on Kimaam Island.
2867	Ed Stafford: Into The Unknown	Siberia	Adventure	none	Ed travels deep into the heart of Siberia to investigate the origins of a mysterious ring of shattered rock, known in local legend as the nest of a giant "fire eagle".With the appearance of a crater or rocky volcano in the otherwise unbroken expanse of the Taiga forest, the site continues to baffle scientists.Ed knows that cold weather locations are outside his expertise, and so he must rely on the locals for help. Ed is led to a group of semi nomadic indigenous Evenki people, whose reindeer sleds allow him to close in on his mysterious destination despite the bitter sub-zero temperatures, snowdrifts, and arduous terrain. However, the treacherous cold continues to set Ed back and, when he discovers he has frostbite, he must consider giving up.
2867	Ed Stafford: Into The Unknown	Ethiopia	Adventure	none	Ed's target is a strange pattern of circular dots in the middle of the Danakil Desert in Ethiopia, the hottest place on earth and a dangerous disputed border zone. After his initial excitement and relief to be on his own in a wild and beautiful place, things start to go wrong. A camel carrying all of his precious water gives him the slip, and Ed risks heat exhaustion trying to recapture both the beast and the water he needs to survive.His health takes a serious turn for the worse, but Ed is determined to carry on to solve the riddle of the sands despite local tales of evil spirits and mysterious deaths in the desert.
2867	Ed Stafford: Into The Unknown	Brazil	Adventure	none	Ed is back in his preferred terrain – the jungle of the Amazon - with his target a mysterious azure blue pool of water, deep in the remote Mato Grosso state in Brazil. Spotted on satellite imagery, the pool has no apparent way in and is protected by thick pristine jungle. Ed's expedition meets resistance from indigenous people who want to protect their land from outside interference and, in a dramatic twist, Ed is forced to consider a radical change of plan which pits him against a jungle environment that is far harder to negotiate than any he has encountered before.
2867	Ed Stafford: Into The Unknown	Zambia	Adventure	none	Ed's journey is inspired by an intriguing satellite image of some giant germ-like shapes, measuring up to 30 metres long, located in one of the most remote areas of western Zambia.To reach his target, Ed must cross the mighty Zambezi River and flood plain. His quest leads him to ask for help from the royal family of Barotseland, and he has a terrifying encounter with the local wildlife. As he nears the target, Ed is forced to travel with an armed guard, who becomes a valued companion. And, in order to complete his mission, Ed must first win the trust of local villagers who live cheek-by-jowl with some of the most dangerous wildlife in Africa.
2868	Hanamoyu	Hanamoyu	Drama	none	Fumi (Mao Inoue) becomes Genzui Kusaka's wife. During the turbulent times of the closing days for the Tokugawa shogunate, she lives positively and tries to keep up Shoin Yoshida's will. Shoin Yoshida is her older brother and intellectual.
2869	The Heroic Legend of Arslan	The Heroic Legend of Arslan	Action	none	In the prosperous kingdom of Pars lies the Royal Capital of Ecbatana, a city of splendor and wonder, ruled by the undefeated and fearsome King Andragoras. Arslan is the young and curious prince of Pars who, despite his best efforts, doesn't seem to have what it takes to be a proper king like his father. At the age of 14, Arslan goes to his first battle and loses everything as the blood-soaked mist of war gives way to scorching flames, bringing him to face the demise of his once glorious kingdom. However, it is Arslan's destiny to be a ruler, and despite the trials that face him, he must now embark on a journey to reclaim his fallen kingdom.
2870	Hwajung	Hwajung	Drama	none	Princess Jungmyung was the only direct descendant of King Seonjo still alive and when she was born, her birth was celebrated around the palace. She had the sweetest smile a baby could have. Queen Inmok was relieved that she had a baby girl instead of a boy. According to the seer Nam Sa-go, the baby she carried would become the true ruler of the Joseon Dynasty, a king of kings and having a princess proved the prophecy to be wrong. But the turbulent times took a heavy toll on Princess Jungmyung. Upon the death of King Seonjo, Gwanghae ascended the throne and his first order of business was to eliminate Prince Yeongchang and banish Queen Inmok from the palace. Then his next target was Princess Jungmyung. When Inmok learned that her daughter's life was in danger, she sent her into hiding. But assassins tracked Jungmyung down. Through the heroic sacrifice of her bodyguard, Jungmyung was put on a boat that sailed adrift in the sea. Meanwhile the bodyguard and nanny set their boat ablaze and died to fool the assassins. Jungmyung witnessed her nanny and bodyguard consumed by the flames. Adrift on the boat, Jungmyung lost consciousness and was picked up by a merchant boat crossing to Dejima (出島) in Japan. She was sold as slave. To survive in the hostile environment she hid the fact that she was a princess. She also vanquished her memories of ever being a princess so that she could focus on how to get revenge. Posing as a boy, Jungmyung worked as a laborer in the sulfur mine. But she discovered hope in the depths of her despair. It was a friendship between Ja-gyeong that helped her cling to life. But she never lost her focus on returning to Joseon one day and brings the downfall of Gwanghae who had taken everything away from her. Then an opportunity arose. She began peddling information and secrets in the sulfur mines. Leveraging her strategic location, she followed the Joseon delegation visiting Japan back to Joseon. Finally, her dream to return to Joseon had come true…
2871	Ace of Diamond	Ace of Diamond	Anime	none	A meeting with catcher Kazuya Miyuki changed the 15-year-old Eijun Sawamura's life. He said goodbye to all his friends and knocked upon the door of Seidou, a prestigious baseball school, intent on testing his own strength. There, he met many proud baseball players who were betting everything on the sport! A classic tale, yet new and fresh
2873	Trair e Coçar é Só Começar	Trair e Coçar é Só Começar	Comedy	none	Success in the theater for over 30 years, "Betray And Scratching is Only Getting" comes to TV in the new series of Brazilian television Multishow. With the play script creator, Marcos Caruso, the series tells the story of bumbling maid Olímpia (Cacau Protásio) who is forced to be divided between his two newly separated bosses, Inês (Marcia Cabrita) and Eduardo (Cássio Scapin) . Decide to unite the couple, she will prepare several confusions with the help of Lígia (Dani Valente), Cristiano (Marcelo Flores), Zilda (Gorete Miracles) and Joel (Vinícius Marins).
2874	Koinaka	Koinaka	Drama	none	Aoi Miura (Sota Fukushi) was born and grew up in Toyama Prefecture. He has an indecisive personality and does not like summer. He was the focal member of the high school swimming team, but he now works as an assistant at a small architectural office in Tokyo. One summer day, he meets his childhood friend and first love Akari Serizawa. During their school days they spent everyday hanging out together until the fireworks night in their 3rd year of high school. That night, Akari suddenly disappeared. Now, Akari has a man named Aoi.
2876	The Fighting Season	The Fighting Season	War	none	The Fighting Season is a docuseries about the war in Afghanistan produced by Ricky Schroder Productions. a The six episode docuseries was picked up by DirectTV for a premiere on 19 May 2015
2878	Indecent Proposal	Indecent Proposal	Drama	none	"INDECENT PROPOSAL" tells the stories of people at the very moment they're confronted with a life-altering moral dilemma. Do they give up their dreams to remain on a moral high road? Or do they lose themselves on their personal path to success? With every decision comes a consequence - no matter what.
2878	Indecent Proposal	Escorting Or Eviction?	Drama	none	Tera is a young single mother on the verge of eviction. Growing up, she watched her mother destroy her life by turning to escorting to make ends meet. Desperate, Tera battles with a proposal that could push her past a line she vowed never to cross.
2878	Indecent Proposal	Anatomy Or Love?	Drama	none	Val is transgender who has an offer from her wealthy older boyfriend to pay for sexual reassignment surgery. Val's nervous about the risks of the procedure, but declining the offer may mean the demise of her relationship and the loss of her home.
2882	Austin & Ally	Austin & Ally	Comedy	none	This multi-camera comedy series follows the partnership between two polar opposites -- Austin, an extroverted musician/singer, and Ally, a brilliant yet shy songwriter -- and their two best friends, Trish and Dez. Unbeknownst to Ally, Austin and Dez "borrow" one of her songs, record it, create a video and post it on the Internet, after which it and Austin become an overnight sensation. When Trish convinces Ally to tell the world she wrote the song, Austin pleads with her to write another hit for him. Instead, the two combine their talents to create a true musical tour-de-force.
2882	Austin & Ally	Rockers & Writers	Comedy	none	A partnership develops between extroverted musician Austin (Ross Lynch) and brilliant but shy songwriter Ally (Laura Marano). In the opener, Austin records one of Ally's songs and becomes an Internet sensation, which leads to the two teaming up to write and record together.
2882	Austin & Ally	Kangaroos and Chaos	Comedy	none	Austin and Ally prepare to shoot a music video, but the props brought in by Dez and Trish don't correspond to the lyrics.
2882	Austin & Ally	Secrets & Songbooks	Comedy	none	Ally loses her songwriting book, which also contains her secret diary. Unfortunately, Austin and Dez find it first and learn Ally has a secret crush, and Austin is convinced that it's him.
2882	Austin & Ally	Zaliens & Cloud Watchers	Comedy	none	Ally hangs out with Austin to see what his interests are so she can write songs better suited for him. Meanwhile, Trish and Dez realize they have more in common than they thought.
2882	Austin & Ally	Bloggers & Butterflies	Comedy	none	Austin is stalked by an annoying blogger who posts silly videos of him on the Internet. Meanwhile, Dez and Trish go to work at a restaurant that specializes in fried food.
2882	Austin & Ally	Tickets & Trashbags	Comedy	none	Austin is invited to sing at an awards show in Miami but only receives one guest ticket, which leads to quarreling among his friends.
2882	Austin & Ally	Managers & Meatballs	Comedy	none	Austin considers signing with a new manager who wants to get rid of Ally as Austin's songwriter and bring in a whole new team to direct his career.
2882	Austin & Ally	Club Owners & Quinceañeras	Comedy	none	Austin tries to impress a club owner at Trish's Quinceañera celebration. Meanwhile, Ally gets nervous about dancing with Dallas at the party.
2882	Austin & Ally	Deejays & Demos	Comedy	none	Austin and Ally are invited to perform live on the radio, but Ally must first overcome her stage fright.
2882	Austin & Ally	World Records & Work Wreckers	Comedy	none	Austin and Dez try to break a world record. Meanwhile, Ally accidentally hires a guy she has a crush on to work at Sonic Boom.
2882	Austin & Ally	Songwriting & Starfish	Comedy	none	Austin prepares for a summer jam contest on the beach that could get his song played on the radio. Meanwhile, Ally tries to put her unpleasant beachgoing experiences behind her.
2882	Austin & Ally	Soups & Stars	Comedy	none	Ally and her friends make a commercial for a restaurant after pulling a prank that causes the eatery to lose customers.
2882	Austin & Ally	Burglaries & Boobytraps	Comedy	none	Ally and Trish try to catch a thief who burglarizes stores in the mall, but the evidence they uncover points to a surprising culprit.
2882	Austin & Ally	MyTAB & My Pet	Comedy	none	Ally's pet bird escapes when Austin and Dez are left in charge of it.
2882	Austin & Ally	Filmmaking & Fear Breaking	Comedy	none	Austin faces a childhood fear when he stars in a movie that Dez is making.
2882	Austin & Ally	Diners & Daters	Comedy	none	Austin develops a crush on a waitress who works at a diner, and he gets a job there to be near her. Meanwhile, Dez tries to fight off unwanted attention from Mindy.
2882	Austin & Ally	Everglades & Allygators	Comedy	none	A vacation on a houseboat turns into chaos when a legendary alligator is accidentally brought aboard.
2882	Austin & Ally	Successes & Setbacks	Comedy	none	Austin strains his vocal cords while rehearsing for his demo record, so he goes to see his doctor and learns he has a big decision to make.
2882	Austin & Ally	Albums & Auditions	Comedy	none	Ally is accepted to a music school in New York and must decide whether to move or stay with her friends.
2882	Austin & Ally	Costumes & Courage	Comedy	none	The second season begins with Austin being invited to perform with a famous musician at a record-label owner's Halloween party, but Dez and Trish's ghost-hunting mission interferes.
2882	Austin & Ally	Backups & Breakups	Comedy	none	Trish's new boyfriend auditions to be a backup dancer for Austin.
2882	Austin & Ally	Magazines & Made-Up Stuff	Comedy	none	Trish secures a cover story for Austin with a popular teen magazine, but when the journalist arrives it becomes obvious that Trish embellished Austin's hobbies, skills and interests.
2882	Austin & Ally	Parents & Punishments	Comedy	none	Ally accidentally gives away all of Sonic Boom's instruments and then hosts a fund-raiser to buy them back.
2882	Austin & Ally	Crybabies & Cologne	Comedy	none	Trent asks Ally to write him a song so he can become famous.
2882	Austin & Ally	Ferris Wheels & Funky Breath	Comedy	none	The gang eagerly begin work on their first music video, but a problem arises: The actress portraying Austin's girlfriend has bad breath.
2882	Austin & Ally	Girlfriends & Girl Friends	Comedy	none	Austin plans to ask out Jimmy Starr's daughter, so his friends give him some advice.
2882	Austin & Ally	Campers & Complications	Comedy	none	Austin gets jealous when Ally's friend from summer camp visits.
2882	Austin & Ally	Chapters & Choices	Comedy	none	Ally conquers her stage fright and performs a duet with Austin.
2882	Austin & Ally	Partners & Parachutes	Comedy	none	Ally decides to focus on her music career now that she's conquered her stage fright. Meanwhile, Austin becomes unsure about his friendship with Kira.
2882	Austin & Ally	Freaky Friends & Fan Fiction	Comedy	none	Dez buys a magical typewriter that brings to life whatever he writes.
2882	Austin & Ally	Couples & Careers	Comedy	none	Austin and Ally decide to become an official couple and try to separate their professional relationship from their personal one.
2882	Austin & Ally	Spas & Spices	Comedy	none	Trish gets a job at a spa and invites Ally for some treatments before an upcoming photo shoot. Meanwhile, Austin accidentally drops Ally's necklace in a pot of chili that Dez is preparing for a chili contest.
2882	Austin & Ally	Solos & Stray Kitties	Comedy	none	Ally is booked for an audition with an all-girl band, but she wants to sing solo.
2882	Austin & Ally	Boy Songs & Badges	Comedy	none	Austin tries to write a song on his own when Ally faces a tight deadline to complete songs for her demo reel.
2882	Austin & Ally	Tracks & Troubles	Comedy	none	Jimmy signs his daughter to his label, and she wants to sing one of Ally's songs for her first performance. But Ally prefers to keep the tune for herself.
2882	Austin & Ally	Viral Videos & Very Bad Dancing	Comedy	none	Ally is nominated as one of Miami's best new artists and attends a party with Austin, Trish and Dez to celebrate. But when she performs her signature dance a top producer warns her that it could prevent her from winning.
2882	Austin & Ally	Tunes & Trials	Comedy	none	Val sues Austin and claims that a song he wrote was stolen from her newest artist.
2882	Austin & Ally	Future Sounds & Festival Songs	Comedy	none	Austin and Ally are transported to the future where advanced technology makes songwriting less personal.
2882	Austin & Ally	Sports & Sprains	Comedy	none	Austin joins the basketball team at school and gets injured, which threatens an upcoming performance.
2882	Austin & Ally	Beach Bums & Bling	Comedy	none	Austin tries to convince a down-and-out rocker to perform again; Trish struggles with the responsibilities of being a successful business owner.
2882	Austin & Ally	Family & Feuds	Comedy	none	Austin, Ally and Trish devise a plan to make long-time enemies Dez and Chuck believe they are in a zombie apocalypse so they will be forced to work together as a team to survive.
2882	Austin & Ally	Moon Week & Mentors	Comedy	none	Austin and Ally judge a singing competition that is celebrating "Austin Moon Week." Ally mentors a shy contestant and works to make the girl a top contender. Meanwhile, Trish and Dez create impressive fan signs in an effort to be seen on TV. Chloe and Halle perform.
2882	Austin & Ally	Real Life & Reel Life	Comedy	none	Dez and Trish make a movie about Austin and Ally, but the filming brings up issues about the duo's musical partnership that puts a strain on their friendship.
2882	Austin & Ally	Fresh Starts & Farewells	Comedy	none	Season 2 concludes with Ally, Trish and Dez joining Austin on his first national tour. However, after performing as his opening act in Miami, Ally receives an offer to launch her own music career and must decide whether to leave or stay on tour with her friends.
2882	Austin & Ally	Road Trips & Reunions	Comedy	none	Season 3 begins with Ally traveling to Portland to catch Austin's performance and being torn between continuing to work on her own music or joining her friends for the last leg of Austin's concert tour.
2882	Austin & Ally	What Ifs & Where's Austin	Comedy	none	Everyone imagines how their lives would be different if they had never met Austin.
2882	Austin & Ally	Presidents & Problems	Comedy	none	Austin gets stuck to a priceless object at a Washington, D.C., museum and must find a way to return it before performing for the president.
2882	Austin & Ally	Beach Clubs & BFFs	Comedy	none	Trish becomes jealous when she suspects that Ally has a new best friend.
2882	Austin & Ally	Mix-Ups & Mistletoes	Comedy	none	Austin and Ally plan to perform at a holiday party and give away Austin Moon dolls, but problems arise due to a mix-up at the toy factory. Meanwhile, Dez and Chuck compete for the role of Santa at the party.
2882	Austin & Ally	Glee Clubs & Glory	Comedy	none	Austin, Ally, Trish and Dez team together to try and win a Glee Club competition.
2882	Austin & Ally	Austin & Alias	Comedy	none	Ally assumes an alias so she can continue to be Austin's songwriter.
2882	Austin & Ally	Princesses & Prizes	Comedy	none	Austin agrees to be auctioned off on a date to raise money for Ally's charity.
2882	Austin & Ally	Cupids & Cuties	Comedy	none	Trish gets nervous when a boy she likes takes her out on a date.
2882	Austin & Ally	Critics & Confidence	Comedy	none	Austin is afraid to perform after he gets his first negative review from a critic.
2882	Austin & Ally	Directors & Divas	Comedy	none	Dez gets an unexpected chance to direct a movie that Austin is in, but things don't go quite as planned when he has to work with Austin's co-star, Brandy Braxton, a high-maintenance actress.
2882	Austin & Ally	Ally's New Crush	Comedy	none	Ally is paired with a new artist who develops a crush on her.
2882	Austin & Ally	Austin's New Crush	Comedy	none	Austin tries to prove that he's not shallow to impress a girl.
2882	Austin & Ally	Fanatics & Favors	Comedy	none	Austin, Ally and Trish learn that Dez is related to the NBA's Dwyane Wade, who is also a big Austin Moon fan.
2882	Austin & Ally	Eggs & Extraterrestrials	Comedy	none	Dez, Trish and Austin convince Ally to attend the annual Zaliens Convention in Miami. Unfortunately, Trish and Dez stumble upon real Zaliens and the foursome are forced to devise a survival plan.
2882	Austin & Ally	Proms & Promises	Comedy	none	Ally questions her relationship with Gavin after he fails to ask her to the prom. Meanwhile, Austin doubts his decision to ask Piper to the prom.
2882	Austin & Ally	Last Dances & Last Chances	Comedy	none	Carrie threatens to tell her sister Piper, who is going to the prom with Austin, that he would rather attend the event with Ally. Meanwhile, Piper grows suspicious of Austin's relationship with Ally.
2882	Austin & Ally	Videos & Villains	Comedy	none	Austin disappears just before his scheduled performance on "Video Countdown Live." It's soon discovered that Brooke is holding him captive until he writes a song for her.
2882	Austin & Ally	Beauties & Bullies	Comedy	none	Trish lands the lead role in a school play, but she drops out when she learns someone is making fun of her online.
2882	Austin & Ally	Horror Stories and Halloween Scares	Comedy	none	Everyone gets locked in Sonic Boom overnight on Halloween. They pass the time by seeing who can tell the scariest ghost story.
2882	Austin & Ally	Records & Wrecking Balls	Comedy	none	Ally's father decides to sell Sonic Boom, after Ally says she's too busy to work there.
2882	Austin & Ally	Relationships & Red Carpets	Comedy	none	Season 3 ends with Austin and Ally's relationship hitting a road block when Austin's music label forces them to keep their relationship a secret. Meanwhile, Dez considers moving to Los Angeles to be closer to his girlfriend and to attend film school.
2882	Austin & Ally	Buzzcuts & Beginnings	Comedy	none	Season 4 begins with the gang sharing an emotional reunion in Miami at Ally's homecoming gig. But when Austin learns the foursome's time together is only temporary, he considers enrolling in military school.
2882	Austin & Ally	Mattress Stores & Music Factories	Comedy	none	Austin takes a job at his parents' mattress store; Ally struggles to keep up with an influx of music students.
2882	Austin & Ally	Grand Openings & Great Expectations	Comedy	none	The gang try to teach first-time music students how to play in a band in anticipation of the A&A Music Factory's grand opening.
2882	Austin & Ally	Seniors & Senors	Comedy	none	Austin learns he is a credit short of becoming a senior with his friends.
2882	Austin & Ally	Homework & Hidden Talents	Comedy	none	Ally tries to unlock the hidden musical talent of a new student.
2882	Austin & Ally	Duos & Deceptions	Comedy	none	Trish books a famous brother-and-sister duo to talk and perform with students at the music factory. Meanwhile, a code inspector arrives to review the music school and threatens to shut it down.
2882	Austin & Ally	Wedding Bells & Wacky Birds	Comedy	none	Austin and Ally imagine life together as a married couple when they are paired together in Home Ec. Meanwhile, Trish helps Dez book a job directing a commercial.
2882	Austin & Ally	Karaoke & Kalamity	Comedy	none	Austin, desperate to perform again, begins singing at a karaoke club. Meanwhile, Ally mentors a student with stage fright.
2882	Austin & Ally	Mini-Me's & Muffin Baskets	Comedy	none	Austin wants to surprise Ally by teaching their students one of her songs, as they prepare for the A&A Music Factory's first showcase.
2882	Austin & Ally	Dancers & Ditzes	Comedy	none	Ally performs at an awards show but the producers worry about her dancing abilities. Becky G performs.
2882	Austin & Ally	Mysteries & Meddling Kids	Comedy	none	Ally's songbook is stolen from her school's 1970s-themed party, so the gang sets out to find the culprit.
2882	Austin & Ally	Comebacks & Crystal Balls	Comedy	none	Austin visits a fortune teller and becomes convinced that something bad is going to happen during his comeback concert. Meanwhile, Trish believes she is going to meet a prince.
2882	Austin & Ally	Burdens & Boynado	Comedy	none	Trish tries to prevent her boy band client Boynado from breaking up. Meanwhile, Austin and Ally help a former impersonator find his own voice.
2882	Austin & Ally	Bad Seeds & Bad Dates	Comedy	none	Ally learns that the new woman her Dad is seeing also happens to be the mom of a very difficult student at the A&A Music Factory.
2884	Dateline On ID	Dateline On ID	Drama	none	What makes average people cross the line to commit murder? Sometimes the answer is simple, while other times the answers are never found. "Dateline on ID" goes behind the headlines to investigate baffling crimes and compelling real-life dramas with NBC host Lester Holt.
2884	Dateline On ID	Deadly Denial	Drama	none	Vanessa Pond thought Raven Abaroa was the one for her. Vanessa and Raven marry but soon Vanessa finds out her dream guy came with a dark past.
2884	Dateline On ID	Shattered Bonds	Drama	none	Stephen Moore was a speed skater with little direction in life, until he fell for teacher Kathleen Dorsett. When he went missing, it was a puzzle. Then police found his secret audio diary. Clues came pouring out and a bigger mystery was revealed.
2884	Dateline On ID	Toxic Relations	Drama	none	Linda Curry had it all: looks, a great job and a brilliant husband. When she got sick, doctors were stumped. Then, she died and police were as puzzled as the doctors, but not her close friends and family. They just needed someone to listen.
2884	Dateline On ID	The Unusual Suspect	Drama	none	It was in the still of the night when it started. A cold-blooded serial killer, lurking in the woods, peeping through windows and stalking for his next victim. It's a tale that would be hard to believe, if it didn't really happen.
2884	Dateline On ID	The Mystery Man	Drama	none	At first, Mischele Lewis' new boyfriend seemed almost too good to be true. She would learn, her dream man did have secrets but was he just playing spy games with her? A single mom goes on a dangerous mission of her own to find out the truth.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Liv & Maddie	Drama	none	The series follows 16-year-old identical twin sisters Liv, a Hollywood star who has returned home to Wisconsin, and Maddie, a hometown basketball star, as they experience the highs and lows of high school, bothersome brothers and each other's differences.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Twin-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Twin sisters Liv and Maddie finally reunite when Liv returns to Wisconsin after spending the last four years starring in a hit musical television show in Hollywood. The Rooney sisters quickly realize their polar opposite personalities put their unbreakable twin bond to the test. While their parents play referee between Liv, a cool, confident, social butterfly who loves to sing, and Maddie, a smart, athletic, high school basketball star who opts for high tops over high heels, brothers Joey and Parker seize the opportunity to capitalize on the chaos and get away with as much as they can.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Team-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Maddie is named captain of the girls' basketball team just as the school principal announces he is cutting funding for the program. Meanwhile, Parker and Joey have to find tarantulas that escaped after Parker brought them home from school, before their parents find out.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Sleep-a-Rooney	Drama	none	After Liv realizes just how much Parker has grown up while she was away, she volunteers to supervise his sleepover in hopes of reconnecting with him. But when all her activities backfire and start to embarrass Parker in front of his friends, Liv has to up her game in order to impress her little brother. Meanwhile, Maddie and Willow work on a school project, and Joey and Pete go on a road trip to the Pastrami Palace that leads to a wild night of fun.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Steal-a-Rooney	Drama	none	After Liv has a difficult time making friends at school, Maddie steps in to help. However, when Liv discovers she was set up and didn't make her new friend on her own, she ignores Maddie's warnings and instead befriends a girl known for causing trouble. Meanwhile, Joey is miserable at the new job he has accepted in order to pay back his parents for a hi-tech cell phone.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Kang-a-Rooney	Drama	none	When Joey is too nervous to talk to a girl he likes, Maddie decides the best place for him to practice talking to girls is at the high school dance - when everyone is in costume. Meanwhile, Parker booby-traps the house to protect one of the family's most prized Halloween decorations from being stolen.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Skate-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Liv wants to back out of being a celebrity judge at a skateboarding competition after her boyfriend, a skateboarding pro in town for the competition, breaks up with her via text. Meanwhile, Joey and Parker are ecstatic when they meet a masked skateboarding pro who is famous for his massive wipeouts.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Dodge-a-Rooney	Drama	none	When Liv decides to volunteer at the senior center where Maddie works, chaos ensues and the seniors get the girls involved in a rowdy game of dodge ball to claim their turf.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Brain-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Liv convinces Joey to let her join his Brain Olympics team, even though he doesn't think she's smart enough - and she's set on proving him wrong.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Sweet 16-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Karen throws Maddie a curveball about the day she was born, and she and Liv realize planning their sweet 16 party together may be more complicated than expected.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Fa-la-la-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Liv sings a duet with a 9-year-old wannabe singer at the local holiday show. Meanwhile, Pete and Maddie decorate the town's Christmas tree; and Parker interferes with Joey's holiday get-rich-quick scheme.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Switch-a-Rooney	Drama	none	When Liv is up for a big sci-fi movie role and Maddie has to take her driver's test, the girls switch places for the day to help each other out.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Dump-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Maddie and Pete sign up to play in a basketball tournament.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Move-a-Rooney	Drama	none	The kids mistakenly believe that they are moving.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Slump-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Maddie and Willow are excited to try out for the school's varsity softball team, but Maddie, the catcher, realizes that Willow, the pitcher, is in a slump because she can't stop thinking about Joey.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Moms-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Maddie and Karen take part in a historical society's annual mother-daughter weekend of pioneer living.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Shoe-a-Rooney	Drama	none	In an effort to help Maddie bring out her "girly side," Liv gives her a pair of the most comfortable high heels ever made.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Howl-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Liv is told that the coveted role of Tristan in "Space Werewolves" has been narrowed down to herself and two other famous actors.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Flashback-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Maddie is anxiously awaiting the arrival of a letter from the Junior Olympics that will tell her if she's been invited to try out for the basketball team.
2885	Liv & Maddie	BFF-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Maddie is jealous when Liv's best friend from Hollywood, South, comes to visit and flirts with Diggie.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Song-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Liv's new music team takes a huge step in the wrong direction, causing her latest single to be a viral hit for all the wrong reasons.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Space-Werewolf-a-Rooney	Drama	none	To prove to the skeptics that she is meant to star in "Space Warewolves," Liv agrees to do all her own stunts, not realizing exactly how complicated they are.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Premiere-a-Rooney	Drama	none	In the season two premiere, the family is getting ready to compete against one another in the Wisconsin Cheddar-Brat Fest. Ironically, Liv's premiere of "Space Werewolves" is on the same night.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Pottery-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Maddie is recovering from her knee injury and decides to take up a new hobby. Meanwhile, Karen asks Liv for advice on dressing cool, which results in a mother-and-daughter fashion face-off.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Helgaween-a-Rooney	Drama	none	The Rooney's Halloween celebration takes an unexpected turn when a magic amulet turns twins Liv and Maddie into triplets, and their sister is the frightening Helga. Meanwhile, Joey and Parker use the amulet to clone themselves.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Kathy Kan-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Liv becomes quick friends with Korean popstar and international teen sensation Kathy Kan when she comes to the states to study the actress for the Korean version of her hit show, "Sing It Loud.".
2885	Liv & Maddie	Match-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Guest Starring Jessica Marie Garcia as Willow, Jimmy Bellinger as Artie, Herbie Jackson as Reggie and Jaida-Iman Benjamin as Emily.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Hoops-a-Rooney	Drama	none	When Liv is offered the lead in a basketball movie, Maddie and Willow volunteer to transform her from a clumsy athlete to a basketball pro.
2885	Liv & Maddie	New Year's Eve-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Liv co-hosts and performs at a New Year's Eve party, and when a secret is revealed on live TV, it causes Maddie to question her long distance relationship with Diggie.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Bro-Cave-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Joey and Parker have finally reached the point of no escape and have to clean their inexplicable filthy room. When they try to trick Liv and Maddie into cleaning it for them, the girls fight back with an even better ruse.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Upcycle-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Maddie is devastated when she loses her twin charm bracelet that Liv had given her; however, when Liv tries to make her feel guilty, Maddie decides to teach her a lesson. Meanwhile, Joey's feelings are hurt when Parker gets a new cool older brother.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Rate-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Liv, Maddie and their friends confront a fellow student who gives them numeric ratings based on their looks.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Detention-a-Rooney	Drama	none	In order to get out of a mother/son pageant, Parker intentionally gets up to mischief to get detention. Meanwhile, Pete plays nurse when Liv and Maddie get sick at the same time.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Muffler-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Liv is filming the "sequel" to the muffler commercial she did when she was six, but this time it's with her long-lost best-friend, Shayna. Meanwhile, Maddie is nervous about her knee as she prepares for her first game back.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Gift-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Liv meddles with Diggie's "meet-a-versary" gift for Maddie and Parker concocts a new face cream for Karen.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Neighbors-a-Rooney	Drama	none	During a neighborly feud with the Dippledorfs, Liv rekindles an old friendship with Holden Dippledorf. Meanwhile, Joey becomes fascinated with a new member he meets at his weekly Intergalactic Council meeting.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Repeat-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Liv must finish a 6th-grade project to avoid taking summer school. Joey gets Maddie to teach him how to be a jock to impress a girl.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Cook-a-Rooney	Drama	none	To raise her grade in Mr. Clodfelter's home economics class, Maddie must win the Plate Off and defeat the class master chef, Artie. Meanwhile, Joey convinces Pete to sponsor his made-up clubs at school.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Prom-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Liv realizes she has a crush on Holden, but Andie asks him to prom before Liv can. With Diggie away, Karen arranges for Rooney cousin Craig to take Maddie to prom but when he arrives they realize that he has reinvented himself into an illusionist named Kraghh the Insidious.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Flugelball-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Diggie returns from Tundrabania, but he and Maddie have trouble reconnecting. Joey tries to solidify his relationship with Diggie through the Tundrabanian sport of Flugelball. Meanwhile, Parker attempts to teach his new unlikely friend Dump Truck how to ride a bike.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Band-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Liv rallies together a band, The Dream, to compete in the upcoming Stevens Point Battle of the Bands contest. Joey and Artie form a band too, but they can't seem to agree on anything.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Video-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Liv and her band mates are stumped and can't agree on a theme for their new music video. They enlist Parker to shoot the video with his new camera and Diggie enthusiastically signs on to join his crew.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Triangle-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Liv and Holden share a special moment as they rehearse for an upcoming performance. Meanwhile, Reggie ditches Parker for a chance to play basketball with Maddie.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Frame-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Ridgewood's mascot has been vandalized, and the Rooney's all become suspects. Meanwhile, Parker has the day off from school and gets into trouble at home with Reggie.
2885	Liv & Maddie	SPARF-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Maddie and Diggie try to "out-fun" each other at a local music festival as Liv tries to help Andie get over her breakup.
2885	Liv & Maddie	Champ-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Before Diggie leaves for Australia, he needs to find Maddie and tell her how he feels. Meanwhile, Parker, Reggie and Evan vow to stay on the couch until the new season of "Linda and Heather.".
2885	Liv & Maddie	Continued-a-Rooney	Drama	none	While Joey and Maddie try to catch Diggie before he departs for Australia, Liv covers for Maddie at home. But when Diggie shows up at the Rooney house, chaos ensues, reminding Parker of his favorite soap opera drama. Meanwhile, Liv gets a call from her manager telling her she landed a coveted role in a new TV show "Voltage.".
2885	Liv & Maddie	Voltage-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Maddie enlists Liv's help to build a giant Paulie Porcupine head for the Homecoming parade, but Joey and Parker accidentally destroy it while playing around with a stunt-prop from Liv's TV show, "Voltage.".
2885	Liv & Maddie	Co-star-a-Rooney	Drama	none	Casting is underway for Liv's co-star in "Voltage" and some familiar faces show up for the auditions. Meanwhile, Karen arranges a "cleansing ceremony" for Maddie to help her let go of her feelings for Diggie.
2887	Deadline: Crime with Tamron Hall	Deadline: Crime with Tamron Hall	Drama	none	Journalist Tamron Hall knows first-hand the effect of violent crime, as her older sister was a murder victim in a case that is still officially unsolved. In each one-hour episode, Hall is joined by a core team of correspondents with extensive knowledge of law enforcement, to go beyond the headlines and explore not only what happened, but why it happened.
2890	Blog Cabin	Blog Cabin	DIY	none	DIY Network's Blog Cabin, the first-ever interactive home-building television series, announces the town of Winter Haven, Fla. as the location for the series' eighth season. Beginning in January 2014, DIY Network and DIYNetwork.com invite viewers nationwide to help renovate a 1920s lakeside home by casting their online votes to select the home's new design features. The results of the home's transformation will be featured in the new season of Blog Cabin premiering in July 2014, offering a chance for one lucky viewer to win the ultimate vacation getaway.
2891	Black Sheep Squadron	Black Sheep Squadron	Drama	none	In World War II Marine Corps Major Greg 'Pappy' Boyington commanded a squadron of fighter pilots. They were a collection of misfits and screwballs who became the terrors of the South Pacific. They were known as the Black Sheep.
2892	Rachael Ray's Kids Cook-Off	Rachael Ray's Kids Cook-Off	Cooking	none	Host Rachael Ray is on the hunt for the best rising chefs in the country, who also happen to be extraordinarily talented kids on "Rachael Ray's Kids Cook-Off". All-star chefs and surprise celebrity guests join Rachael in this special six-episode series as they mentor and guide these young competitors through tough cooking challenges and high-pressure obstacles. The junior chef who makes the cut will win his or her very own series on FoodNetwork.com and the title of Kids Cook-Off Champion.
2892	Rachael Ray's Kids Cook-Off	Fusion: Impossible	Cooking	none	Eight of the country's most talented kid chefs come together to battle it out in Rachael Ray's Kids Cook-Off. Rachael and guest judge Robert Irvine present the chefs with their first challenge to find out what makes each kid unique and who will make it to the next round.
2892	Rachael Ray's Kids Cook-Off	Fast Food Feud	Cooking	none	After making it past the first elimination, seven kid chefs put their own spin on a fast food classic. Food critic and internet video star Daymon Patterson joins Rachael Ray to judge the Cook-Off.
2892	Rachael Ray's Kids Cook-Off	Hasta la Pasta	Cooking	none	The six remaining kid chefs are put to the test as they show off their signature flavors in a pasta dish and create their own food product. The competition is fierce, as they must impress Rachael Ray and best-selling cookbook author Fabio Viviani to stay in the running.
2892	Rachael Ray's Kids Cook-Off	Family-Style Showdown	Cooking	none	The five remaining kid chefs cook and present the dish that changed their lives. Celebrity chef and The Kitchen co-host Sunny Anderson joins Rachael Ray to judge the Cook-Off, and must decide which kids will continue on in the competition.
2892	Rachael Ray's Kids Cook-Off	Monster Meals	Cooking	none	The competitors left in Rachael Ray's Kids Cook-Off cook up some monstrous meals inspired by the new release of Hotel Transylvania 2. The competition is heating up as guest judge Jeff Mauro must choose the three kids who will continue on to the finale.
2892	Rachael Ray's Kids Cook-Off	Grand Finale Cook-Off	Cooking	none	In the finale, the three remaining kid chefs will cook to impress four Chopped judges, who will help Rachael decide who wins the $20,000 culinary scholarship and a Web series on FoodNetwork.com.
2893	Changi	Changi	Drama	none	In times of war, humour is hardly a defence, but it was the thing that got six young men through the humiliation and disgrace of surrender and the helplessness of incarceration in the notorious WWll Japanese Prison Camp called Changi. With its sudden shifts from past to present, from light-hearted camaraderie to moments of surreal terror, from intense reality to dream fantasy, Changi is a unique drama that captures the horrors of war, the pain of memory and the power of laughter
2893	Changi	Seeing is Believing	Drama	none	David has never completely recovered from his traumatic experiences as a young soldier. An eye operation and the looming reunion with his mates stirs long forgotten memories.
2893	Changi	Gordon's Will	Drama	none	After suffering a stroke, Gordon relives a confrontation he experienced during his younger days at Changi. Gordon's stubborn refusal to salute almost cost him his life but helped unite the men who form a group called 'The Secret Nine'.
2893	Changi	Private Bill	Drama	none	On his final day as a University Professor, Bill is visited by a young student who looks remarkably like the girl he fell in love with before the war. He begins to reminisce with her about his missing years in Changi from which, emotionally, he will never recover.
2893	Changi	Curley	Drama	none	As he practices for his impending driving test, Curley is thrown into a panic by an impatient driver behind him. His mind returns to Changi and the punishment he received. He was caught stealing food and Lieutenant Aso takes his revenge on the 'Singing' thief.
2893	Changi	Eddie's Birthday	Drama	none	Eddie celebrates his Birthday as always, with a ritualistic shave. He remembers other birthdays including the terror of a birthday in Changi when the Japanese morale officer went mad.
2893	Changi	Pacifying the Angels	Drama	none	For Tom the prospect of the forthcoming reunion is a mixed blessing: he loves seeing his old mates but hates where they take him - back to the last night of war.
2894	Killer Instinct with Chris Hansen	Killer Instinct with Chris Hansen	Drama	none	"Who, what, where, why and when?" are the essential questions at the heart of every homicide investigation – for detectives but also for journalists chasing the 360-degree story. Investigative correspondent Chris Hansen knows the routine all too well, having won eight Emmy awards for investigative reporting, outstanding coverage of a news story and outstanding coverage of breaking news. Now, in Investigation Discovery's all-new newsmagazine "KILLER INSTINCT WITH CHRIS HANSEN", he brings his unrivaled journalistic skills and criminal insight to an enthralling new series, digging deep into the depths of a killer's mind and bringing life to some of America's most chilling and heart-wrenching homicide cases. KILLER INSTINCT WITH CHRIS HANSEN premieres on Monday, August 17 at 10/9c only on Investigation Discovery
2894	Killer Instinct with Chris Hansen	Nightmare on Imperial Avenue (Pilot)	Drama	none	The show takes a look at the case of Anthony Sowell, a Cleveland-based serial killer who was convicted of killing 11 women.
2894	Killer Instinct with Chris Hansen	Deadly Love	Drama	none	The murder shocked the nation. When two grandparents try to break up their granddaughter's lesbian relationship, the teenage lovers stab them to death. The girls flee to a small Georgia beach town, but it's not long before the police track them down.
2894	Killer Instinct with Chris Hansen	A Girl in Need	Drama	none	When an expectant mother is found murdered, online clues lead police to every patient's worst nightmare: a doctor who uses his skills to kill rather than cure.
2895	Dresden	Dresden	Drama	none	At a Dresden hospital in 1945, nurse Anna Mauth (Felicitas Woll) cares for badly injured British pilot Robert Newman (John Light), whom Anna believes to be a German deserter. As Allied forces close in, Anna grows close to Robert despite her engagement to Dr. Alexander Wenninger (Benjamin Sadler).
2896	De Enclave	De Enclave	Drama	none	Three-part drama series about the role the war of Srebrenica and the fall of the enclave plays in the lives of three people eight years later, who were involved in the war: Dutchbattolk Ibro Hadzic, Darko Bokan sergeant of the Bosnian Serb army, who are on trial in front of the Yugoslavia war crimes tribunal, and the late Defense Minister George Terhoef.
2898	Guai Xia Yi Zhi Mei	Guai Xia Yi Zhi Mei	Action	none	Li Gexiao is a warrior and has intelligence matching his skills. He was previously a high ranking marshal with great law enforcement authority. However after his enemy framed him with a crime he did not commit and executed his family, the former marshal was forced to become a fugitive. Years later, he came out of hiding to help a former colleague recover a cargo of stolen gold for disaster relief. He and three chivalrous strangers, thief Yan Sanniang, grifter He Xiaomei, and strongman Chai Hu, unite to form a heroic band of masked vigilantes called "Yi Zhi Mei", who rob the rich and corrupt to help the poor and helpless, always leaving a plum flower at the scene as their calling card. In the jianghu, they are also known to fight injustice, corruption and oppression by the government.
2899	Misfit Garage: Fired Up	Misfit Garage: Fired Up	DIY	none	"Misfit Garage: Fired Up" is a series that airs Extended Episodes with extra information and unseen footage from the show "Misfit Garage" that also airs on the Discovery Channel.
2899	Misfit Garage: Fired Up	The '71 Holy Grail Cuda / Goodbye Little Richard (Pilot)	DIY	none	While the guys work on tearing down the '71 Cuda, Scot and Austin arrive to see if they Fired Up guys need any assistance, since they've got two big projects on their hands. Thomas and Tom flip a '51 Chevy truck. Tom also says goodbye to Little Richard.
2899	Misfit Garage: Fired Up	The Race to Finish the '71 Holy Grail Cuda	DIY	none	The guys continue building the '71 Cuda but run into several fitting issues. The Fired Up Garage future also hangs by a thread, when they can't get the '71 Cuda engine running — potentially denying them their largest payday.
2899	Misfit Garage: Fired Up	Flipped for a '69 Chevy Shortbed, Part II	DIY	none	With added facts and bonus scenes - The Misfits deal with the aftermath of the demolished '69 Chevy Pickup. Jordan and Tom seek out a replacement cab, while Thomas tries to sell a '59 Oldsmobile to make up for unforeseen costs.
2900	Below Deck	Below Deck	Comedy	none	The upstairs and downstairs worlds collide when this young and single crew of "yachties" live, love and work together on board a luxurious mega yacht while tending to the ever-changing needs of their wealthy, demanding charter guests on "Below Deck".
2900	Below Deck	More Foam, Bosun!	Comedy	none	Captain Lee, Kate, Eddie, and Amy are joined by five new crewmembers as they prepare the luxury yacht, Eros, for a new charter season in Abaco, Bahamas. New personalities bring new challenges as the crew welcomes their first charter guests, a hard-partying hotel owner and his friends. With inclement weather ahead, the crew must keep an on-boat 'foam party' planned for the charter guests from turning into a wash.
2900	Below Deck	Off The Radar	Comedy	none	Rocky and Emile are disciplined for their dangerous stunt. Connie gets some terrible news that leaves her future on the boat in jeopardy. Kate soon realizes that there might be too many cooks in the kitchen after her and Chef Leon disagree over the charter guests' final dinner.
2900	Below Deck	Pretty Cheeks	Comedy	none	Charter guest Dean forces Kate to elevate her towel-art game; Kate questions chef Leon's credentials after he is unable to prepare a traditional meal; Don decides to join Rocky for a quick swim, putting his future onboard the yacht in jeopardy.
2902	Taco Trip	Taco Trip	Cooking	none	For Chef Aarón Sánchez, Mexican food is love. And tacos? Well, they're his favorite. In "Taco Trip", Chef Aarón is hosting the biggest and best taco party ever! From Miami to Los Angeles, Aaron is cranking up the mariachi and visiting the hottest taco joints the United States has to offer. Along the way Aarón will be on the lookout for inspiration for his own recipes, and he might end up doing some cooking himself. After all, to Aarón, spreading the love means making tacos, not just eating them.
2902	Taco Trip	Denver	Cooking	none	Celebrity Chef Aarón Sánchez soaks up the sun, innovations and traditions of the Mile High taco scene in Denver. With his Tio Mario and cousin Javier as guides, Aarón crushes beer-braised Stella's Pork Carnitas taco topped with a rich gouda mash at Comida, the legendary Chile Relleno inside-a-Burrito at El Taco De Mexico, and a Native American treat featuring braised bison on Fry Bread at Tacobe. And for dinner with his relatives, it's the flavors of Southern Mexico when Adelita's Cocina and Cantina chef Silvia Ayala infuses the flavors of her home town of Michoacan into her Carne Asada tacos.
2902	Taco Trip	San Diego	Cooking	none	Chef Aarón Sánchez returns to his hometown of El Paso, Texas, to check out what's new and delicious in the food scene, while also stopping off for some legendary local classics. Aarón pops in to Tacoholics, Lucy's Cafe and the legendary Chico's Tacos before heading back to his family home where Aarón cooks up a Chile Colorado for a family reunion.
2902	Taco Trip	El Paso	Cooking	none	San Diego is brimming with amazingly authentic Mexican food. From the layers of fish and shrimp ceviche on the Tostada Loca at Mariscos German Beyer, to traditional lamb head barbecue at Aqui Es Texcoco, Pork Carnitas Tacos at Carnitas Snack Shack, and Smoked Fish Tacos at Oscar's Mexican Seafood, Chef Aarón Sánchez has his work cut out for him as he eats his way through this world-class culinary destination.
2902	Taco Trip	Las Vegas	Cooking	none	Chef Aarón Sánchez is in Las Vegas searching for the tastiest tacos Sin City has to offer. Las Vegas is a hub for exquisite crossover Mexican food and Aarón goes after some unique Korean and Hawaiian Mexican fusions from KoMex and Braddah's Island Style, before stopping off for some more traditional dishes from Los Antojos and El Dorado Cantina.
2902	Taco Trip	Austin	Cooking	none	Austin is known for its barbecue, and Chef Aarón Sánchez is finding out how they cram all those big Texas flavors into a taco. Aaron starts off at Valentina's Tex Mex BBQ food truck where he dives into some mesquite smoked brisket in a hand made tortilla. The party continues as Aarón visits Paco's Tacos for their breakfast taco before heading off to the Peached Tortilla for an Asian fusion favorite. Aarón rounds out his trip at La Condesa where he experiences the delicacy of sweetbreads.
2907	Ultimate Airport Dubai	Ultimate Airport Dubai	Travel	none	Less than 55 years ago, Dubai International Airport was a vast desert of sand. Today, it is a modern mecca of international air travel. With a staggering 344,000 flights, 57 million passengers and 2 million tons of cargo flying in and out each year, it is the worlds third busiest airport for international passengers. In Ultimate Airport Dubai, step behind-the-scenes of Dubai Internationals three massive terminals, including Terminal 3 the largest building on earth by floor space, measuring 359 football pitches in size! With unprecedented access to all facets of this mega facility, the series follows some of the 60,000 staff working hard to keep it safe, secure, and on schedule.
2908	Harbor Command	Harbor Command	Action	none	Harbor Command is an American police series that was syndicated from October 11, 1957, to July 4, 1958. The series stars Wendell Corey as Captain Ralph Baxter, an officer of the Harbor Police of a large coastal city (the city is unnamed, but much of the series was filmed in San Francisco and San Diego). The series was produced by Ziv Television Programs, with the assistance of the law enforcement arms of Harbor and Port Authorities across the country.
2910	Free Agents	Free Agents	Comedy	none	This new six-part comedy stars Stephen Mangan, Sharon Horgan and Anthony Head.Alex is a talent agent suffering the emotional fall-out from his divorce. Helen, his fellow agent, has the office next to him and is also in pain; overcome with grief from a recent bereavement. Deluded Alex believes they are perfect for one another. Helen thinks quite the opposite. Yes she's slept with him – twice – but there is absolutely no way she is doing it again... Free Agents depicts a world in which the agents' boss, their clients, friends, relatives, accountants and even ex-girlfriends are as bizarrely dysfunctional as Alex and Helen themselves. This is a comedy about an on-(mostly)-off, romance between two people who might just have a positive future together if they can shake off their pasts.
2911	The Last Enemy	The Last Enemy	Drama	10.0	A man whose search for the truth about his brother's death catapults him into an international conspiracy - and a passionate love affair. The Last Enemy takes an arresting and compelling look at how technology could transform Britain into a surveillance society - threatening human relationships and destroying trust.
2912	To the Ends of the Earth	To the Ends of the Earth	Drama	none	In 1812, young British aristocrat Edmund Talbot travels by ship to Australia, and learns more about himself and about life than he had ever bargained for
2913	The Hollow Crown	The Hollow Crown	Drama	none	The Hollow Crown brings together four filmed adaptations of Shakespeare's History Plays - Richard II, Henry IV parts 1 and 2, and Henry V. Starting in the year 1399, this continuous story of monarchy follows events during sixteen years of dynastic and political power play. Kings, with their families and followers, are threatened by rebellion and conflict. The story takes us from the Royal Court at Westminster to battlefields in England and France. These rich films are woven with the finest of Shakespeare's poetry and are filmed in the architecture and landscape of the period.
2913	The Hollow Crown	Richard II	Drama	none	The story takes us from the Royal Court at Westminster to battlefields in England and France. These rich films are woven with the finest of Shakespeare's poetry and are filmed in the architecture and landscape of the period.King Richard is called upon to settle a dispute between his cousin Henry Bolingbroke and Thomas Mowbray. Richard calls for a duel but then halts it just before swords clash. Both men are banished from the realm. Richard visits John of Gaunt, Bolingbroke's father, who, in the throes of death, reprimands the king. After seizing Gaunt's money and land, Richard leaves for wars against the rebels in Ireland. Bolingbroke returns to claim back his inheritance. Supported by his allies, Northumberland and the Duke of York, Bolingbroke takes Richard prisoner and lays claim to the throne.
2913	The Hollow Crown	Henry IV Part 1	Drama	none	The heir to the throne, Prince Hal, defies his father, King Henry, by spending his time at Mistress Quickly's tavern in the company of the dissolute Falstaff and his companions. The King is threatened by a rebellion led by Hal's rival, Hotspur, his father Northumberland and his uncle Worcester. In the face of this danger to the state, Prince Hal joins his father to defeat the rebels at the Battle of Shrewsbury and kill Hotspur in single combat.
2913	The Hollow Crown	Henry IV Part 2	Drama	none	In the aftermath of the Battle of Shrewsbury, Northumberland learns of the death of his son. The Lord Chief Justice attempts on behalf of the increasingly frail King to separate Falstaff from Prince Hal. The rebels continue to plot insurrection. Falstaff is sent to recruit soldiers and takes his leave of his mistress, Doll Tearsheet. The rebel forces are overcome. This brings comfort to the dying king, who is finally reconciled to his son. Falstaff rushes to Hal's coronation with expectations of high office.
2913	The Hollow Crown	Henry V	Drama	none	Henry V has settled onto the throne and has the makings of a fine king when the French ambassador brings a challenge from the Dauphin. Inspired by his courtiers Exeter and York, Henry swears that he will, with all force, answer this challenge. The chorus tells of England's preparations for war and Henry's army sails for France. After Exeter's diplomacy is rebuffed by the French king, Henry lays a heavy siege and captures Harfleur. The French now take Henry's claims seriously and challenge the English army to battle at Agincourt.
2914	Tess of the D'Urbervilles	Tess of the D'Urbervilles	Drama	none	The story of Tess Durbeyfield, a low-born country girl whose family find they have noble connections.
2916	Car Warriors	Car Warriors	Drama	none	Two teams, two cars, 72 hours. That's the basic premise for a new action-packed custom-car competition, Car Warriors, that brings the highest levels of automotive expertise together for a non-stop battle of artistry and craftsmanship. Each episode of "Car Warriors" lets viewers witness the fast-forward creation of custom performance cars by two eight-member teams of top-notch professionals – the Car Warriors All Stars vs. a variety of challenger teams – who take their projects from stripped-down shells to high-performance works of art. But there's a catch: each team has just 72 hours from the time they first lay eyes on the primered bodies until they roll out their beautiful custom cars that are ready for judging. That's 72 hours of round-the-clock, high-pressure car building.
2917	In the Cut	In the Cut	Comedy	none	"In The Cut" is Bounce TV's all-new original comedy centered on Jay Weaver (Dorien Wilson), a barbershop owner trying to bond with the adult son he never knew he had. The drama and comedy comes in equal doses as Jay balances working alongside his wisecracking employees and his feisty ex-wife (Jackée Harry) running the beauty salon next door. Step right up for your turn in the chair – In The Cut!
2917	In the Cut	Pilot	Comedy	none	Longtime barber Jay Weaver is in for the surprise of his life when Kenny Clark shows up. Kenny is the son Jay never knew he had. At first, they don't get along, but soon Kenny finds a place to fit into Jay's life.
2917	In the Cut	Life Cut Short	Comedy	none	After Jay's best friend, Smitty, suffers a minor fall, Jay decides it's time for his own doctor's check up. However, a misunderstanding leads Kenny and Jay's ex-wife, Nadine, to think that Jay is dying. Because everyone thinks Jay is dying, they treat him extremely nice. But Jay starts getting suspicious and believes they're all out to kill him!
2917	In the Cut	Gold Diggers For Dummies	Comedy	none	Jay starts dating a young, beautiful woman. But Kenny thinks it too good to be true. In fact, he thinks Jay is being taken advantage of by a gold digger. Is he right, or will he ruin Jay's relationship? Meanwhile, Smitty gets caught up in a dominoes tournament with an old rival. The only thing is Smitty doesn't know how to play the game!
2917	In the Cut	Like Father, Like Son	Comedy	none	Kenny's past comes back to haunt him: an old flame and a girl who may - or may not - be his daughter. Meanwhile, Smitty starts dating Jay's ex. Not only does Smitty get jealous when he finds out she used to be with Jay, but Nadine starts to get jealous too after seeing her around Jay again.
2917	In the Cut	The Ball's In Your Court	Comedy	none	When Kenny's ex-wife comes back into the picture, we learn that Kenny is technically not yet divorced and still has feelings for his wife! It is very clear to everyone around that her intentions are not genuine. Meanwhile, Jay and Smitty have a falling out over a bet gone wrong that could end their lifelong friendship.
2917	In the Cut	The Beat Goes On	Comedy	none	Jay receives a "Dear Jay" letter from his ex-wife Nadine stating that she has deserted her beauty salon and eloped with a wealthy gentleman. Jay seeks to replace her with a qualified candidate that he is smitten by. Kenny is dealing with his own morals as he breaks the barber code and starts secretly cutting the hair of one of Smitty's customers behind his back.
2918	The Hotwives of Orlando	The Hotwives of Orlando	Comedy	none	"The Hotwives of Orlando" is an on-going parody of one of the most popular franchises in reality television brings a cast of characters to the city of Orlando. We'll meet a batch of Hotwives – loving and clawing their way through with smiling faces because the Botox won't let them frown. Brace yourself for double the drama, triple the heartbreak, and seven times the fake boobs.
2920	The Weekly Show	The Weekly Show	Comedy	none	"The Weekly Show" the network's take on "The Daily Show," starring the improv group "The Groundlings."
2924	Unsung	Unsung	Music	none	"Unsung" is a documentary series that takes a look at some of the top R&B and soul artists of the last several decades, many of whom are not household names. Narrated by actor Gary Anthony Williams, the NAACP Image Award-winning program features interviews with people who know the musicians well enough to tell the ups and downs of their careers. Episodes usually start with the story of an artist's upbringing before moving into the trials and tribulations faced as the subject searched for the big break early in his or her music career. The pinnacle of the performer's career plays out next, before a turning point that led to each one's career beginning a downward trend.
2925	Unsung Hollywood	Unsung Hollywood	History	none	The very popular docu-series "Unsung Hollywood"will premiere Season 2 on Wednesday, February 11at8 PM/ETwith six all-new episodes. This season will chronicle milestones in television, film and four legendary performers who captured the attention of our nation and beyond. This season provides a behind-the-scenes look at the ground-breaking sitcom "A Different World," the storied career of actress Vivica A. Fox, legendary funnyman Redd Foxx, the rise of boundary-breaking comedian Sheryl Underwood, the revolutionary career of Richard Roundtree, including his iconic role as Shaft, and rounds out the season looking back at the cult classic "Baby Boy."Through exclusive footage, and in-depth revelations from industry insiders as well as family and friends, "Unsung Hollywood" continues to shed light on the groundbreaking film stars and productions that embodied a moment on the pop culture timeline.
2925	Unsung Hollywood	Cast of "A Different World"	History	none	A "Different World" changed the image of African Americans on television by painting a picture of youth educated at a historically black university. As hard-hitting topics were more frequently covered, internal battles with the network ensued, resulting in the show's unceremonious cancellation. Cast and crew come together to discuss the creation of the show, share behind-the-scenes stories of paramount episodes, and reflect on the legacy of a show that still resonates today.
2925	Unsung Hollywood	Vivica A. Fox	History	none	With films grossing over one billion dollars, Vivica A. Fox is a multi-hyphenate, mega-star who has shared the screen with several of Hollywood's A-list actors throughout her career. Fox first turned heads in daytime soaps before going on to co-star in mega-hit films such as "Independence Day," "Soul Food" and "Kill Bill." Over the years, Fox was in constant demand for a wide range of roles and ultimately went on to produce several films and theatrical productions and is a current member of "The Celebrity Apprentice" cast.
2925	Unsung Hollywood	Redd Foxx	History	none	Escaping to Harlem in the late 1930's, Redd Foxx worked the ‘chitlin' circuit as a singer. Over the next twenty years he recorded numerous off-color albums as a comedian, which became staples in black households. In the early-70s Foxx became the star of "Sanford and Son" which brought Foxx wealth and fame. After a decade-long free-fall, he made a comeback as the star of the popular sitcom "The Royal Family," and sadly, died of a heart attack during rehearsal in 1991.
2925	Unsung Hollywood	Sheryl Underwood	History	none	Sheryl Underwood has entertained as a fast-talking, sexually hardcore yet God-fearing comedian. Underwood endured domestic violence, sexual abuse and the suicide of her husband – which triggered a depression that threatened to end her career. Along the way, her act broadened and matured, and in 2011, Sheryl joined the hit show "The Talk" gaining the respect and mainstream adoration she long desired.
2925	Unsung Hollywood	Richard Roundtree	History	none	Richard Roundtree's role as John Shaft was the beginning of a worldwide journey of recognition; however, he would spend much of his career trying to escape being typecast as the iconic detective. He fought hard to prove he was more than a one-trick phenom with critically acclaimed performances on the big and small screen alike. Roundtree also experienced personal struggles including a devastating divorce and a battle with breast cancer. Ultimately, Roundtree's legacy and influence grew and continue to be celebrated.
2925	Unsung Hollywood	Baby Boy	History	none	"Baby Boy," made stars of leads, Tyrese Gibson and Taraji P. Henson, in a story that follows a young man living in South Central facing the dangerous rite of passage into manhood that is falsely defined by getting a rep or a record. This episode takes a look back at the film that launched the careers of most of its cast, including Ving Rhames, and lives on with cult classic status to this day.
2926	Blood Relatives	Blood Relatives	Drama	none	From the outside, families seem like harmonious units in loving homes. But you don't necessarily know what secrets families are hiding from the outside world. This series, narrated by actress Brenda Strong, explores families hiding the most extreme of family secrets: murder. Each episode of "Blood Relatives" explores a death in a family, unraveling the motives of the family members, all of whom are potential suspects -- and potential victims. Sibling rivalries, disputes over family businesses and infidelity are some of the factors that lead to the families' ultimate betrayals.
2926	Blood Relatives	You'll Be the Death of Me	Drama	none	In Dallas, Texas, one couple's love story has brought together a large blended family. Personal and professional lives intertwine in harmony… until jealousy and greed prove that one family member's true colors include "blood" red.
2927	The Greatest Marriage	The Greatest Marriage	Drama	none	Cha Ki Young was once a successful news anchor living the good life, but everything changed when she defied expectations and became a single mother. Jo Eun Cha was also once a news anchor, but left his career to campaign unsuccessfully for office. Though nothing quite pans out as expected for either Ki Young or Eun Cha, they've yet to discover what fate has in store for them. Meanwhile, four other couples grapple with whether or not they can really have it all in modern romance.
2928	MOCKpocalypse	MOCKpocalypse	Comedy	none	Making its debut in AXS TV's Thursday night comedy lineup is the half-hour comedic panel series, "MOCKpocalypse".This series features a panel of today's top comedians who provide their own humorous takes on the hottest topics and trends in the music industry. The series is the brainchild of acclaimed comedy quintet Dr. God, and is executive-produced by Dr. God founders Neil Garguilo and Dave Park.
2928	MOCKpocalypse	Classic Rock	Comedy	none	Top comedians, actors and writers talk about the culture of classic rock and just what makes it classic.
2928	MOCKpocalypse	Soundtrack Songs	Comedy	none	Top comedians, actors and writers talk about hit songs that came from the silver screen and landed on the pop charts.
2928	MOCKpocalypse	Grunge	Comedy	none	Top comedians, actors and writers talk about the rise and fall of the gritty, grimy genre of grunge.
2928	MOCKpocalypse	Digital Superstars	Comedy	none	Top comedians, actors and writers talk about the Internet's growing influence on music and the celebrity culture surrounding it.
2929	Rock Legends	Rock Legends	Music	none	Each 30-minute episode of "Rock Legends" focuses on one legendary act, examining the story of their lives and the impact they made on popular culture through in-depth interviews, archival footage, and live performances.
2931	Shimmer and Shine	Shimmer and Shine	Comedy	none	This brand-new animated series follows the magical adventures of fraternal twin genies,"Shimmer & Shine", who unintentionally create chaos while attempting to grant wishes for their human best friend, Leah. The new series features an emotional-intelligence curriculum that highlights mistakes as an important avenue to learning and doing better next time.
2931	Shimmer and Shine	The Sweetest Thing (Pilot)	Comedy	none	When Leah wishes for help making cupcakes for her school bake sale, she and the genies find themselves stuck with a giant birthday cake, some farm animals, and a river of cupcake batter. How in the world will Leah finish her cupcakes without any wishes left, or worse, explain all this craziness to her curious (and hungry) neighbor Zac?
2931	Shimmer and Shine	Genie Treehouse	Comedy	none	Leah and Zac try building a treehouse but find themselves in over their heads. Leah asks her genies for a treehouse and is thrown for a loop when Shimmer and Shine turn her house into a house of trees!
2931	Shimmer and Shine	Lights! Camera! Genies!	Comedy	none	Leah asks Shimmer and Shine for some movie magic help, but they accidentally wish the movie to life, turning Leah into a medieval princess.
2931	Shimmer and Shine	What a Pig Mess	Comedy	none	When Leah asks her genies for more pigs in a blanket, they give her real pigs wrapped in blankets rather than the party food.
2931	Shimmer and Shine	Abraca-Genie	Comedy	none	When Zac struggles with the magic tricks in his act, Leah calls on her genies for some real magic assistance.
2931	Shimmer and Shine	Ahoy, Genies!	Comedy	none	When Leah's bucket full of beach treasures floats into the vast ocean, Leah summons Shimmer and Shine to help her retrieve the loot. With the genies' assistance, a typical day at the beach quickly escalates into a magical beach treasure hunt, complete with a treasure map, pirate ship, and a talking parrot!
2931	Shimmer and Shine	Dino Might!	Comedy	none	After searching everywhere for Zac's lost dinosaur toy, Leah asks her genies to wish up a replacement.
2939	Galaxy Quest	Galaxy Quest	Comedy	none	"Galaxy Quest" is a small screen reboot of the 1999 sci-fi comedy film of the same name. The premise is that a cast from a since cancelled sci-fi TV series is drawn back together for real space adventures and plenty of fun along the way.
2940	Gravity Falls Shorts	Gravity Falls Shorts	Comedy	none	"Gravity Falls Shorts" are 2-minute long animated features not seen in the normal 30-minute long episodes of "Gravity Falls".
2942	Childhood's End	Childhood's End	Drama	none	Written by Arthur C. Clarke and hailed as a revolutionary work of science fiction since its publishing in 1953, Childhood's Endfollows the peaceful alien invasion of Earth by the mysterious "Overlords," whose arrival begins decades of apparent utopia under indirect alien rule, at the cost of human identity and culture.
2943	Home	Home	Drama	none	"Home", from Jerry Bruckheimer TV and Warner Horizon, is a dramatic thriller that delves into the secrets lingering behind the façade of a seemingly idyllic suburban family. Rose Altman couldn't be happier: An accomplished designer with a successful business, the newly pregnant Rose is thriving in a wonderful life with her husband, Joe, a highly regarded prison psychologist, and enjoying being a stepmother to his two sons. But her image of her perfect family is shattered when she discovers long-buried secrets that threaten to destroy the very foundation of her life.
2944	Luna	Luna	Drama	none	"Luna" is set in the year 2110 on the moon, which over the previous 60 years has been colonized and industrialized. It is controlled by five powerful, highly competitive dynastic corporate families (known as the Five Dragons) who run their various business enterprises with an iron fist in a near-feudal society. The moon, under the control of the Five Dragons, is a lucrative source of valuable resources such as Helium-3, carbon, water ice and rare metals, which are exported back to Earth for huge profits.Forty years ago, Adriana wrested control of the moon's lucrative Helium-3 industry from the powerful Mackenzie Metal corporation. Now, in the twilight of her life, Adriana finds her corporation, Corta Helio, surrounded by the many enemies she made during her meteoric rise. If the Corta family is to survive, Adriana's five children must defend their mother's empire from her many enemies… and each other.
2945	Loving Day	Loving Day	Comedy	none	"Loving Day" offers a satirical look at a biracial man's experiences with race, identity and fatherhood. It tells the story of Warren Duffy, an Irish/African-American living in Wales who returns to America after his comic book store closes, his marriage falls apart and his father dies. Now in possession of his late father's deteriorated Philadelphia mansion – which might be haunted – a new surprise emerges: Duffy learns he has a teenage daughter who thinks she's white. Spinning from these upheavals and revelations, Duffy sets off to remake his life with a reluctant daughter in tow and a litany of absurdly funny moments together as they bond over their newfound relationship and discoveries of their individual cultural identities.
2946	Say It to My Face	Say It to My Face	Cooking	none	Never before have faceless online critics had so much power over the success or failure of restaurants. A chef can be on their game 99% of the time, but one mistake with one disgruntled customer, and they're facing an uphill battle to get diners back through the doors. In "Say It To My Face!", restaurants and critics meet face-to-face, for the first time, to air grievances. With the mentorship of chef co-hosts, Andrew Gruel and Anthony Dispensa, each owner and chef will make-over their restaurant. From the menu, to the décor and staffing – they will look to elevate their business in hopes that their toughest online critics will change their reviews, while helping to encourage new customers to come through the door.With over 18 years in the culinary business, Andrew is the CEO and Founder of Slapfish Restaurant Group, and Anthony is the West Coast Director of Operations for the restaurant group. A proponent in the power of social media when it comes to food and dining, Andrew personally responds to negative online reviews for his own restaurant business. From first-hand experience, Andrew and Anthony will help owners and chefs learn that listening to customer's criticism, while having an open mind, will prove to be beneficial in salvaging a restaurant's reputation before it's too late.
2946	Say It to My Face	WTF is American Fusion? (Pilot)	Cooking	none	Mark Cammarano says he's about to lose his Simi Valley restaurant because he's being unfairly crushed by negative online reviews. When Mark comes face-to-face with his worst critics, will he opt to stick with his failing business plan or tackle the food and d cor issues head on? Chefs Andrew Gruel and Anthony Dispensa host this explosive restaurant rescue, and they have their work cut out for them when they attempt to help Mark fix the problems before it's too late.
2946	Say It to My Face	Showdown in Shrimp-Town	Cooking	none	Nick, the owner of Arcadia, CA's Shrimp House restaurant, has been getting into nasty online arguments with angry diners who have trashed his food, his ambience and his service. In an effort to save his struggling business, Nick will come face-to-face with these reviewers. Will he be open to making the necessary changes to his flavorless, brown-colored dishes and cluttered d cor? Or will he insist that keeping costs down as the only way to turn a profit? Chef/hosts Andrew Gruel and Anthony Dispensa will attempt to convince him that mediocrity is a recipe for disaster.
2946	Say It to My Face	Meatball Meltdown	Cooking	none	Terry, the owner of Guisseppe's restaurant in West Hills, CA feels her fine-dining Italian restaurant is being destroyed by negative online reviews. She is down to her last dollars trying to keep the place open. When she confronts her harshest critics face-to-face, will she accept their suggestions to change her bland food, tacky d cor and aggressive attitude, or will she battle to keep things the way they are? Chef/hosts Andrew Gruel and Anthony Dispensa have their biggest challenge yet as they try to help Terry's business survive.
2946	Say It to My Face	Slammin' the Salmon	Cooking	none	Mike and Susie Walsh, husband and wife owners of Redondo Beach restaurant Jimmy's Bar & Grill, are down to their last pennies trying to keep the doors open of their beach-side eatery. They blame their struggles on unfair, negative online reviews. When Mike and Susie come face-to-face with their biggest critics, will they stand by their bland, generic food, depressing decor and inattentive service? Or will they listen to chef/hosts Andrew Gruel and Anthony Dispensa and work to turn this dreary mess into the beach hangout it needs to be.
2946	Say It to My Face	Your Customers are Dying Off!	Cooking	none	The mother and son owners of Culver City steakhouse Dear John's are losing tons of money every month, and they believe negative online reviews are to blame. When chef/hosts Andrew Gruel and Anthony Dispensa bring them face-to-face with their online critics, they find that the problems run so much deeper: horrendously outdated food, a dreadful ambience, and a geriatric client base. Can Andrew and Anthony help the owners fix these problems? Or will their business be six feet under?
2946	Say It to My Face	Soul Searching	Cooking	none	Julie Peterson, a single mom of two kids, has been running R&J Soul Food in Downey, CA for over 19 years, using Louisiana recipes she created by her grandmother.. But with the advent of social media and trends of modern diners, Julie is in danger of losing her restaurant due to terrible online reviews. They say the interior is run down and the food is just nothing soulful to write home about. Can chef/hosts Andrew Gruel and Anthony Dispensa help Julie turn this restaurant around? Or will her livelihood for the last two decades be shut down forever?
2946	Say It to My Face	Lead From the Front	Cooking	none	Best friends Nick Velez and Calvin Spencer own "Bastards" sports bar in Downey, CA. They are proud of their military service--so much so they have decorated their restaurant like a combat zone and named the restaurant after their Marine Unit "The Magnificent Bastards". Their restaurant is now receiving terrible online reviews, due to their intimidating d cor, sloppy food and a name that offends some potential customers. Can chef/hosts Andrew Gruel and Anthony Dispensa convince the guys to find a more family-friendly approach to their business? Or will they have to wave the white flag and close their doors forever?
2946	Say It to My Face	Cater Haters	Cooking	none	Chef Jen Story is a freelance caterer and owner of "Cooking Thyme" in Lawndale, CA. Even though she has managed to produce a successful catering business all by herself, Jen is quickly finding that running a restaurant is an entirely different beast. With a complicated menu, slow service, and cluttered decor, her new restaurant is already in danger of closing due to negative online reviews. Can chef/hosts Andrew Gruel and Anthony Dispensa convince Jen to make some changes? Or will her ego cause her to lose her dream and both of her business?
2946	Say It to My Face	Health Hazard Pizza	Cooking	none	Ramy Abdh & Damon Tavis are the owners and best friends of Uncle Red's Pizza in Bellflower, CA. They thought that opening up a pizza place would be the perfect, easy way to lose their corporate identity and find their creativity. But with their off the wall creations, sub-standard food and disregard for cleanliness, these two are finding themselves struggling to keep the doors open due to their negative online reviews. Will chef/hosts Andrew Gruel and Anthony Dispensa be able to talk some sense into these guys, and bring their food past standard greasy pizza? Or will Uncle Reds find itself out of business.
2946	Say It to My Face	This is Effing Personal	Cooking	none	Owner April Gallegos of La Pescadora is at her wits end with online reviewers, saying that the food is bland, confusing, and tastes frozen.
2946	Say It to My Face	Fish And Chip Fiasco	Cooking	none	A couple struggles after opening a Brittish/Indian fish and chips shop in Alhambra, Calif. that has received poor reviews on its signature dishes; when the chefs suggest a huge menu change the owner pushes back.
2946	Say It to My Face	Up in Smoke	Cooking	none	Lenny Bent, the owner of Cookin' with Lenny's Smokehouse, has fashioned his restaurant in his own unique way; tormented by terrible reviews, Andrew and Anthony help Lenny streamline his ideas.
2946	Say It to My Face	Wake Up David!!	Cooking	none	David Chen recently purchased The Black Olive, an Italian restaurant in Lomita, CA that has been around for more than 20 years. But with bland food and an unwelcoming ambience, the restaurant is losing thousands of dollars per month.
2946	Say It to My Face	Asian (Con)Fusion	Cooking	none	Teddy B. is in danger of having to close the doors to his restaurant, due to his confusing and poorly executed dishes, apathetic wait staff and completely offensive choices in artwork.
2954	Hoff the Record	Hoff the Record	Comedy	none	Shot in the style of a documentary, the semi-improvised comedy Hoff The Record follows TV legend David Hasselhoff - playing a highly fictionalised version of himself.It's been thirty years since he rose to worldwide fame in Baywatch and Knight Rider and things have since gone a little stale for The Hoff. After five divorces and some misguided professional decisions, The Hoff is in the UK ready to star in a new independent film that could reboot his flagging career. But alarm bells start to ring when he gets the low budget treatment on arrival from the US.As his attempts at everything from fronting a charity to becoming a global peacemaker fall into disarray, can The Hoff get his career back on track and make sense of his increasingly surreal life?
2955	Taskmaster	Taskmaster	Comedy	none	Greg Davies is the Taskmaster, and with the help of his ever-loyal assistant Alex Horne, they will set out to test the wiles, wit, wisdom and skills of five hyper-competitive comedians; Frank Skinner, Josh Widdicombe, Roisin Conaty, Tim Key and Romesh Ranganathan. Who will be crowned the Taskmaster champion in this brand new game show?
2957	Would I Lie To You?	Would I Lie To You?	Comedy	none	A comedic panel show featuring team captains Lee Mack and David Mitchell plus two guests per side, hosted by Rob Brydon (formerly Angus Deayton).Each person must reveal embarrassing facts and outrageous lies during a series of different rounds including "Ring Of Truth", "This Is My..." and "Quickfire Lies". It is up to the opposing team to tell tall tales from fantastic facts.
2957	Would I Lie To You?	Ben Miller, Henning Wehn, Doon Mackichan, Alex Brooker	Comedy	none	Airdate TBA: Originally scheduled to air on 18 September 2015, but pulled for unknown reasons.Originally scheduled to air on 18 September 2015, but pulled for unknown reasons.
2957	Would I Lie To You?	Unseen Bits	Comedy	none	Airdate TBA
2968	Cockroaches	Cockroaches	Comedy	none	Cockroaches is a post-apocalyptic romantic-comedy about what happens after a nuclear holocaust. It's about those things that can survive anything: laziness, boredom, ex-boyfriends who are still stupid. And love.
2968	Cockroaches	Episode 1	Comedy	none	Eight years after nuclear war, we join survivors Tom, Suze and their daughter Laura, as they wander the wasteland where England used to be.
2968	Cockroaches	Episode 2	Comedy	none	When Tom is elected the new boss of the survivors' camp, he finds leadership harder than expected.
2968	Cockroaches	Episode 3	Comedy	none	Tom assembles a team to go to the supermarket as the camp is running out of food. Our heroes' lives are put at risk along the way.
2968	Cockroaches	Episode 4	Comedy	none	After the children suddenly turn green, panic spreads through the camp. Is it nuclear radiation? Time to call the Doctor.
2968	Cockroaches	Episode 5	Comedy	none	Tom deals with the arrival of his troublesome in-laws, as well as a beautiful and mysterious stranger.
2968	Cockroaches	Episode 6	Comedy	none	Tom and Laura are kidnapped by the Spectrum gang of cannibals, and thrown into jail. Will they be rescued in time?
2969	Big School	Big School	Comedy	none	Set in an urban secondary school, Big School is a comedy about a dysfunctional staff room, unrequited love and interactive white boards.
2971	Dave Gorman: Modern Life is Goodish	Dave Gorman: Modern Life is Goodish	Comedy	none	Dave Gorman performs a series of witty stand-up shows, exclusive to Dave. The bearded wonder takes a sideways look at the messages we receive every day.
2972	Genius	Genius	Comedy	none	Comedy series where Dave Gorman and a celebrity guest chew over the ridiculous, unworkable but sometimes genius inventions, schemes and policies pitched by members of the public
2974	Tamiou	Tamiou	Drama	none	One day, the current prime minister of Japan, Muto Taizan, and his useless son, Sho, suddenly discover that they have switched bodies. With no known cause or solution at hand, Sho reluctantly ends up appearing in the Diet on his father's behalf. But he completely cannot follow the deliberations as well as the questions and answers because it has been his routine to skip his studies. He is also repeatedly caught making childish responses or misreading kanji in documents. However, untainted by the adult world, Sho's straightforward opinions and genuine feelings start to mobilise the Diet and the public. On the other hand, Taizan has to lead the life of a university student and search for a job on behalf of his son, but with the brains of a prime minister. He refutes arrogant interviewers with his overwhelming knowledge and debating skills. Although Taizan wins the war of words, he is an absolute failure in the interviews itself. Furthermore, several peculiar girls whom Sho has had relationships with appear and makes Taizan more bewildered
2977	Twenty Again	Twenty Again	Comedy	none	Due to an unplanned pregnancy, Ha No Ra married young and dropped out of school. But after two decades as a housewife, she finally gets the chance to experience college, alongside her 20-year-old son Kim Min Soo and his girlfriend Oh Hye Mi. Further complicating things, No Ra already has a strained student-teacher relationship, as her husband Kim Woo Chul and her first love Cha Hyun Suk wind up being her professors.
2978	Attic Gold	Attic Gold	DIY	none	In "Attic Gold" husband and wife picker/appraiser team Eric and Michelle Myers clean out junk-filled New England attics looking for hidden treasures. They'll clean the space for free, but they get to keep what they find. And in these old Colonial houses, there's no telling what's hidden behind the rafters, from valuable vintage toys to mint-condition collectibles. After they pick the place clean, they transform the attic into a bright new space the whole family can enjoy.
2980	The Missing Evidence	The Missing Evidence	Drama	none	Who is Jack the Ripper? Why are planes vanishing over Nevada? How did Marilyn Monroe really die? What is the truth behind Bigfoot and the Loch Ness Monster? Do we know all there is to know about the collapse of the Twin Towers? "The Missing Evidence" investigates compelling testimonies and explosive accusations surrounding history's great mysteries and legends. By using cutting-edge technology and analytics, we examine data and eyewitness accounts in search of the missing evidence that will finally separate reality from mystery.
2980	The Missing Evidence	Jack the Ripper (Pilot)	Drama	none	The identity of Jack the Ripper is the greatest mystery in the history of British crime. For three decades, Swedish journalist Christer Holmgren has sifted through over 120 years of clues, searching for evidence that will unravel the case and reveal the true killer. He believes he's finally found his man, and he's off to London to prove it. Holmgren and a team of historians, detectives, and forensic pathologists revisit crime scenes and examine a series of eerie coincidences that tie six extraordinary murders to one ordinary man.
2980	The Missing Evidence	9/11 Secret Explosions in the Towers	Drama	none	The World Trade Center towers were once the tallest buildings in the world, marvels of engineering and architecture. But on 9/11, within two hours of being hit by a terrorist attack, they collapsed. The official report has left many questions unanswered and spawned countless conspiracy theories. But two scientists, working independently, have come up with the same new theory, based on missing evidence, which may finally explain what happened on that tragic morning.
2980	The Missing Evidence	The Nevada Triangle	Drama	none	Something strange is happening in the Sierra Nevada skies. Over several decades, an estimated 2,000 aviation incidents have occurred there, with death tolls and disappearances far outnumbering those of the Bermuda Triangle. Why have so many pilots lost their lives or simply vanished without a trace? The phenomenon is explored on the ground and in the air, in hot deserts, cold mountains, high-tech labs, and even the outskirts of Area 51, all in search of the deadly truth of the Nevada Triangle.
2980	The Missing Evidence	BigFoot	Drama	none	Is a strange primate, standing 10 feet tall and weighing in at a thousand pounds, roaming the dense forests of the Pacific Northwest? For over 50 years, countless eyewitnesses claim to have seen the creature we've dubbed Bigfoot, and enthusiasts have collected footprints that do not match any bipedal species known to us. So who, or what, is this mythic creature? Scientists examine the facts, use rigorous analysis, and pull together missing evidence to find the truth behind the hairy legend.
2980	The Missing Evidence	The Day Marilyn Died	Drama	none	The mysterious circumstances surrounding Marilyn Monroe's death are more shocking and explosive than any Hollywood crime drama, involving celebrities, spies, the mafia, the FBI, and one of America's most powerful political families. While there's no hard proof she was murdered, missing evidence and disclosures by the FBI and Monroe's associates suggest the full story of her last day is far different than what the official record suggests. A storm of innuendo and eyewitness accounts are used to investigate the sensational death of a superstar.
2980	The Missing Evidence	The Loch Ness Monster	Drama	none	Is believing in the Loch Ness Monster's existence really so outlandish? Kangaroos, giant squids, and even tigers were once considered mythical creatures. And a fish thought to be extinct for 65 million years was caught off the South African coast in 1938. It's possible something foreign to us could be hiding in the Scottish lake's cold depths, but is it probable? A detailed study exposes the truth behind the phenomenon, and investigates 80 years of photographs, videos, and thousands of eyewitness accounts.
2981	Heer & Meester	Heer & Meester	Drama	none	A television series about a charming, voluntary private detective who chases criminals and in the process tries to find himself.
2983	Robson's Extreme Fishing Challenge	Robson's Extreme Fishing Challenge	Travel	none	Robson's Extreme Fishing Challenge follows Robson Green as he undertakes a round-the-world trip to experience some of the most extreme fishing destinations. Each week he also challenges local experts to five rounds of angling to see who can catch the biggest fish.
2985	Giada in Italy	Giada in Italy	Cooking	none	In "Giada in Italy" follow Giada De Laurentiis back to her birthplace for an extended holiday, as she revisits family, friends and the flavors that inspire her life's work. Whether digging into her grandmother's ancient recipe book with Aunt Raffy, exploring the site of her grandfather's former pasta factory, inspiring her to make homemade noodles "the old fashioned way," or cheering on and then making a California-inspired feast for her uncle's soccer team, this trip is all about the bounty and beauty of Italy, enjoyed with friends and family.
2985	Giada in Italy	Cucina Italiana (Pilot)	Cooking	none	Giada De Laurentiis arrives in Italy; grilled treviso with citrus bagna cauda; a pan-seared branzino with tomato and capers; fresh ctirus with gelato and almond cookies.
2985	Giada in Italy	Italian Cocktail Party	Cooking	none	Giada hosts a cocktail party on her villa deck for neighbors and friends, serving an assortment of Italian cocktails along with small bits including vegan artichoke arancini and smoked whitefish crostini.
2985	Giada in Italy	Poolside Picnic	Cooking	none	A portable poolside menu feature sweet and tangy orzo salad, grilled chicken and broccoli pesto panini, and double-chocolate brownies.
2985	Giada in Italy	Dino's Pasta Factory	Cooking	none	Giada De Laurentiis and her Aunt Raffy visit the Southern Italian town of Torre Annunziata; linguine with anchovy and walnuts, and fusilli with fresh pomodoro.
2985	Giada in Italy	Giada's Daily Special	Cooking	none	Giada De Laurentiis heads to a local Italian eatery and creates a "daily special" for the lunch hour. She and the local chef make Pan-Roasted Asparagus with Crispy Fried Egg, Roasted Chicken Cacciatore and Sin City Cookies.
2985	Giada in Italy	Napoli Pizza Party	Cooking	none	Giada De Laurentiis celebrates the pizza of Naples when she creates her own fresh Neapolitan-style Pizza Dough and assembles some of her favorite pizzas at the outdoor pizza oven with her daughter, Jade, and friends. They enjoy Broccoli and Sausage Pizza and a Smoked Scamorza, Spinach and Pancetta Pizza.
2985	Giada in Italy	Citrus and the Sea	Cooking	none	Giada De Laurentiis creates dishes inspired by the incredible seafood and abundance of citrus found in Sorrento, including Grilled Swordfish with Candied Lemon Salad, and Shrimp and Grapefruit Skewers.
2985	Giada in Italy	Favorites From Italy	Cooking	none	Giada De Laurentiis takes a trip down memory lane, recreating some of her favorite childhood dishes: Basic Parmesan Pomodoro, Pizza Bianca, and Chocolate Ricotta Toast.
2985	Giada in Italy	Nonna Luna's Famous Dish	Cooking	none	Giada De Laurentiis and her Aunt Raffy dig into Nonna Luna's recipe diary to recreate Sartu Di Riso, inspired by Giada's grandparent's honeymoon on the Amalfi Coast.
2985	Giada in Italy	Bocce Ball Picnic	Cooking	none	Giada De Laurentiis and a friend drive to the town of Scala, and share a California/Italy-inspired lunch after a game of bocce with the locals. On the portable menu are Prosciutto Cotto Pinwheels, Marinated Salumi Sandwiches, and Tomato Avocado and Escarole Salad.
2985	Giada in Italy	Sunday Supper	Cooking	none	Giada De Laurentiis spends a Sunday afternoon in the kitchen cooking for a family get-together. The menu includes Roasted Beets with Cherries and Pistachios, Mushroom and Pea Farrotto, and Lamb Osso Buco.
2987	Holy & Hungry	Holy & Hungry	Cooking	none	Along every road, in little towns and big cities, you'll find amazing places and people whose love for cooking is combined with a profound passion for their faith. In this series hosted by Emmy Award-winning comedian, actress and author Sherri Shepherd, these good people will share their recipes, open their hearts and welcome Sherri into their fun- and food-filled worlds as she enters the kingdom of "Holy & Hungry".
2987	Holy & Hungry	Food That Speaks & Holy Schnitzel	Cooking	none	Sherri seeks out divine dining from people of faith: At Hush Bistro in Farmingdale, NY, Sherri dines on the preacher/chef's signature dish, Adam's Rib; in Staten Island, she visits Holy Schnitzel, the mecca for fast food inspired kosher fare; at Veniero's Pastry, Sherri makes the Sfingi, a sacred sweet; and at Manhattan's famous Riverside Church, Sherri is inspired by the Jesus & Mary Biscuits from Grits to Grace Supper Club.
2987	Holy & Hungry	Heavenly Wings & The Immaculate Confection	Cooking	none	Sherri finds religion while cooking with the faithful: At Vonda's Kitchen in Newark, N.J., Sherri is treated to Vonda's Smothered Turkey Wings; At the church of St. Francis Xavier in Manhattan, Father Charles Frederico and Sherri make his Spaghetti e Vongole for a holy crowd; In Brooklyn, Sherri visits the crossroads of food and faith at Basil, a Kosher food and wine bar. And Sherri samples a sanctified sweet, the Land of Milk and Honey Cupcakes.
2987	Holy & Hungry	Food from the Father	Cooking	none	Sherri breaks bread with break-dancing Father Leo who shares his Poor Man's Pork Skewers; visits Cafe Pierrot in Sparta, N.J., to meet a family committed to faith and serving the community their famous croissants; in Brooklyn, Sherri feasts on the biblical Bronzino fish; and in Fairfield, Conn., Darlene Banks offers Jamaican Jerk Burgers and thoughtful prayers at Craven Dawgs and Ting.
2987	Holy & Hungry	Bible Cake & Gefilte 2.0	Cooking	none	In Brooklyn, Sherri meets the co-founders of Gefilteria who are remaking the Jewish holiday staple, Gefilte Fish; In New York's Lower East Side, Sherri gets a helping of Hinduism alongside her Lamb Pasanda at MasalaWala; Salt Cod Tostones satisfy a group of hungry believers thanks to Dining with Grace; and in Bayonne, N.J., the baking rock stars from Filled Cakes and Confections create an epic bible cake.
2987	Holy & Hungry	Faith, Friends, Shrimp and Grits	Cooking	none	Sherri hangs with Alvin and Friends in New Rochelle, N.Y., for some heavenly Shrimp and Grits; In Greenwich, Conn., Father Matt Mauriello has Sherri over for fellowship and feasting on his Manicotti Crepes; A Greek Diner in Cherry Hill, N.J., makes their lent favorite, Imam Baildi; and at Kosher restaurant Eighteen in Manhattan, Sherri tries some Yemenite Soup.
2987	Holy & Hungry	Pious Pizza and Honest Chops	Cooking	none	Sherri visits a former friar who makes a miraculous Pizza Margherita at S. Egidio's in Ridgewood, N.J.; In Brooklyn, Ethiopian restaurant Ghenet serves up their communal specialty chicken, Doro Wettt; In Crown Heights, N.Y., Sherri tastes The Gospel of Caribbean food at The Food Sermon Kitchen; and on the Lower East Side in New York, Islamic butcher, Honest Chops, has Halal meat for the masses.
2988	Spun Out	Spun Out	Comedy	6.0	Failed writer Beckett Ryan joins DLPR, a public relations agency staffed with people who can spin everyone's problems but their own. From the eccentric company figurehead Dave and his insecure daughter Stephanie, to PR shark Nelson and Dave's ever-loyal assistant Bryce, the DLPR office has no shortage of personality. No matter how bizarre the cases are that the agency takes on, they pale in comparison to the workplace romances, rivalries, personal successes, and often hilarious failures of the close-knit and dysfunctional colleagues at DLPR.
2989	Captain Cook: Obsession and Discovery	Captain Cook: Obsession and Discovery	Drama	none	A four-part documentary series which traces the private and professional life of Britain's greatest sailor, examining his triumphs and defeats, his hopes and disappointments, and the unlikely rise to social prominence of a man born into rural poverty.
2990	České století	České století	Drama	none	The Czech Century is a series mapping key events of Czech history in 20th century.
2991	Taking the Flak	Taking the Flak	Comedy	none	An acerbic, authentic and caustic comedy drama that covers the entire progress of a small African war, as seen through the eyes of a team of journalists sending back the nightly reports for the BBC News at Ten.Taking the Flak is a comedy drama about how journalists in war zones live in a state of perpetual danger not just from bombs but from disease, dysentery, bedbugs, bugged beds, their colleagues, their competitors and their loved ones, who are out of sight and out of mind. If they can't get themselves embedded with the army, they'll get embedded with each other.The team includes the smooth, veteran correspondent; the harassed, but infinitely resourceful, producer; and the green and gauche rookie stringer, dropped into a hotel and forced to choose between a room on 'the shooting side' and 'the mortar side'.Football-mad boy soldiers, corrupt car dealers, intestinal discomfort, unexploded landmines, old flames, impromptu hostage situations, YouTube viral videos and colossal egos all combust under the African sun. There is a story to be told in Karibu - but who will get to tell it?
2992	Training Day	Training Day	Drama	none	"Training Day" is a small screen take on Antoine Fuqua's 2001 feature about a rookie LAPD cop who goes on a day-long training course with a rogue detective from narcotics.
2993	Stranger Things	Stranger Things	Drama	none	"Stranger Things" (originally titled Montauk) is a love letter to the '80s classics that captivated a generation, the series is set in 1980 Montauk, Long Island, where a young boy vanishes into thin air. As friends, family and local police search for answers, they are drawn into an extraordinary mystery involving top-secret government experiments, terrifying supernatural forces and one very strange little girl.
2995	The First 48: Killer Confessions	The First 48: Killer Confessions	Drama	none	"The First 48: Killer Confessions" continues A&E's First 48 franchise. Old cases are revisited and the Detectives on each case give updates as to their progress.
2995	The First 48: Killer Confessions	Dangerous Attraction / Candy Lady (Pilot)	Drama	none	Detectives investigate the murder of a Dallas man shot in his sleep, uncovering the shocking story of his girlfriend's dark past; a beloved Memphis, Tenn., ``candy lady'' is shot through her closed front door.
2995	The First 48: Killer Confessions	Kiss of Death	Drama	none	A man is shot to death on a city street, and police learn that his wife may hold the key to solving the crime.
2995	The First 48: Killer Confessions	Murder in Treme	Drama	none	Detectives discover a house of horrors during their investigation into the fatal slashing of a New Orleans woman.
2995	The First 48: Killer Confessions	Burning Rage / Fallen Soldier	Drama	none	Three members of one family are stabbed and then burned. Miami detectives attempt to find out more about the shooting of a homicide witness.
2995	The First 48: Killer Confessions	Live Bait / Drama at the Classic	Drama	none	A young man is robbed and killed while meeting up with a girl he met earlier; a man is gunned down outside an annual football game.
2995	The First 48: Killer Confessions	Cranked	Drama	none	Tulsa, Okla., police Detective Justin Ritter's investigation into the stabbing of an innocent father leads him into the dangerous world of methamphetamine addiction.
2995	The First 48: Killer Confessions	Coma / Disappeared	Drama	none	Two teenage boys are shot outside a nightclub in Dallas; police search for a woman who has been missing for six days.
2995	The First 48: Killer Confessions	Uncommon Valor	Drama	none	Dallas police detectives sift through a web of lies to find the person who gunned down a good Samaritan.
2998	The Dance in the Sky	The Dance in the Sky	Drama	none	This drama will depict a serious love story. These days love is taken for granted and the purity of love is often secondary on the list. However, for anyone that has experienced true love they will understand the depths and to-the-core experience love can bring. Some will risk their lives, while others will walk away… The Dance In The Sky revolves around the story of love and revenge between four characters. Some will undergo great sacrifice for their love, some will fight to the death, and some will seek revenge.
2999	The Shannara Chronicles	The Shannara Chronicles	Drama	none	A young Healer armed with an unpredictable magic guides a runaway Elf in her perilous quest to save the peoples of the Four Lands from an age-old Demon scourge.
3000	The Master's Sun	The Master's Sun	Comedy	none	The story revolves around a woman who can see ghosts and a man who tries to protect her, and is described as a drama with horror and romantic elements infused together. So Ji Sub plays the miserly, greedy, and conceited CEO Joo Joong Won, who measures all human relationships through money. Gong Hyo Jin will play the melancholy and tearful assistant Tae Gong Shil, who is able to see ghosts after an accident and thus suffers from insomnia. She lives a very reclusive and closed-off life due to her ability. The story is being touted as "soul healing" drama that brings together very different types of people: one who can see and hear things that no one else in the world can and another who only hears and see things he wants too. As Joo Joong Won starts to believe in Tae Gong Shil's claim of being able to see ghosts, these two people will grow together in faith and in character.
3002	Ridge Reaper	Ridge Reaper	Drama	none	Under Armour Presents "Ridge Reaper" follows Jason Carter and the Under Armour team as they hunt down the biggest game in western North America. They will hunt in the most extreme conditions and expose themselves to the harshest environments as they relentlessly pursue some of the largest big game trophies in the vast and open expanses of western North America.
3002	Ridge Reaper	El Gran Pequeño	Drama	none	Jason Carter continues his hunt for cous deer in Northern Mexico. Once again a huge backdrop and dense foliage conspire to conceal the stealthy cous deer.
3002	Ridge Reaper	Vaya con Dios	Drama	none	"In a fitting tribute to a lost friend, big bucks fall in the deserts of Mexico as the annual trek south of the border yields a great harvest! Join Jason Carter and Marvin James as they hunt for giant mule deer."
3002	Ridge Reaper	Cold Tracking	Drama	none	"Jason Carter and team head to the south Idaho deserts to hunt mule deer. The snow and cold alternate between helping and slowing the hunt. Tracks lead to small buck after small buck until the last light of the last day."
3002	Ridge Reaper	What is Past is Prologue	Drama	none	"What does it take to be a Ridge Reaper? For three seasons Jason Carter and company have lived the Ridge Reaper code and come out with amazing results. In the Season 3 finale we'll go back in time to re-live some of the most exciting moments captured on Ridge Reaper TV."
3003	Puffin Rock	Puffin Rock	Children	none	Life is sweet on beautiful "Puffin Rock", where puffling Oona, her baby brother Baba and their pals learn about nature, friendship and family.
3005	Meiden van de Herengracht	Meiden van de Herengracht	Drama	none	Three best friends are trying to combine their busy careers with their turbulent life. The glamour of these powerwomen in the capital is not always that easy. Hanna runs a fashion brand, but her last collection was a complete disaster. It is impossible for her to find the true boyfriend, or is her new date, billionaire Gijs, the one she was looking for? Wendy is the boss of a big television channel and her marriage with musician Steven, housefather with complains, is not going well. Lucky she has a colleague at work (Sil) who's supporting her in her own way and challenges her too. Nico is chief editor of a leading magazine and loses herself in an affair with the young photographer Hugo, whereby she could damange her reputation and marriage. Thereby she has to be aware of her colleague Jorrit, who doesn't really support her. The support of the three best friends to each other and their loving and humorous honesty helps them to stay in balance and fight those difficult times.
3006	Snuf de Hond	Snuf de Hond	Drama	none	The series begins during the Second World War as the Netherlands is struggling under the German occupation and Tom takes care of Snuf, a German shepherd. The dog is being directed by the mysterious Haaksma. And it is thanks to this training expertise Snuf is able to save his boss and his friends from many adventures.
3006	Snuf de Hond	Snuf de hond in oorlogstijd, deel 1	Drama	none	It is war. The Germans occupied the Netherlands. Tom has been brought to his uncle Tjerk in Friesland, after he lost both of his parents during the bombardment in Rotterdam. Cause of that he is very angry and rebellious. His uncle doesn't know what to do with him, but old Bouke, the father-in-law of Tjerk has an idea. To distract Tom, he bought him a beautiful German Shepherd. Tom calls him ''Snuf'' and teaches him to attacky any German, but the situation is close to escalating.
3006	Snuf de Hond	Snuf de hond in oorlogstijd, deel 2	Drama	none	Tom and his dog Snuf are pursuited by German soldiers. After some daring moments they are saved by Dries, a older guy that's able to speak fluent German. Once Tom is laying in bed later that evening, he is awakened by the sound of German anti aircraft artillery that managed to shoot an English plane out of the skies. The pilot manages to jump out of his aircraft with a parachute. The next day he decided to start looking for him together with Snuf. After a long search he found him on one of those many islands in the river. The parachutist seems to be a Dutch soldier called 'Captain Brandenburg). Tom is happy that he found him, but now he has the daring task to find a safe way to home.
3006	Snuf de Hond	Snuf de hond in oorlogstijd, deel 3	Drama	none	Tjerk is making a hiding shelter for Captain Brandenburg. The pilot knows a lot about dogs and is helping Tom to train Snuf. The last owner of Snuf tells them that he hides refugees, a girl Mirjam and her grandparents. They've been betrayed quite fast, but luckily Mirjam has just escaped with the help of a friendly German Soldier. Tom and Snuf are trying to help her, but she is discovered. Snuf is distracting these soldiers, but got shotten.
3006	Snuf de Hond	Snuf de hond in oorlogstijd, deel 4	Drama	none	Tom is very happy as Snuf healed from his wounds and returns to home, while the German Jewish girl Mirjam found refugee with uncle Tjerk, but they are being betrayed and being raided by the Germans. Captain Brandenburg manages to escape to the allies via the swamps, but Tjerk and Bouke are arrested. Mirjam barely escapes thanks to Tom and Snuf. They flee and finds out the traitor that tries to set up a trap for allied forces. After a difficult tour through swamps, they manage to warn the Allies and to reveal the traitor. Will the Germans flee after an Allied attack?
3006	Snuf de Hond	Snuf en de jacht op Vliegende Volckert (1)	Drama	none	The war has ended and Mirjam & Tom have holidays. They will be heading out with Snuf and find a wounded gamekeeper. The guy tells him that he is being attacked by 'Vliegende Volckert'
3006	Snuf de Hond	Snuf en de jacht op Vliegende Volckert (2)	Drama	none	Vliegende Volckert has lighten up the fire according to the people of the Village and started to hunt him in the swamp. Suddenly they hear a shot.
3006	Snuf de Hond	Snuf en de jacht op Vliegende Volckert (3)	Drama	none	Tom and Mirjam want to save Captain Brandenburg and are about to leave to search him. Once they reach the island in the river, someone has damaged their float and makes it impossible for them to return to home.
3006	Snuf de Hond	Snuf en de jacht op Vliegende Volckert (4)	Drama	none	Tom, Mirjam and Snuf are heading out to do research and discovers the way ''Vliegende Volckert'' manages to escape every time.
3006	Snuf de Hond	Snuf de Hond en het Spookslot (1)	Drama	none	Tom, Mirjam and Snuf are staying over on a farm, where they bump into a dangerous smuggling ring. They move to an old haunted castle, while Snuf notices something strange.
3006	Snuf de Hond	Snuf de Hond en het Spookslot (2)	Drama	none	Tom is sure that he saw someone at the haunted castle, but nobody believes him. Nephew Jaap has his attention only for Mirjam and jealousy is seperating them. After a fight with Jaap, Tom goes out for research together with Snuf. Snuf follows a trail that leads him to a secret passage.
3006	Snuf de Hond	Snuf de Hond en het Spookslot (3)	Drama	none	Tom and Snuf are being caught by smugglers. The leader wants to kill these unwelcome guests. Meanwhile Mirjam and Jaap are worried and feel guilty, but could they find Tom in time? Or is there any help from an unexpected side?
3006	Snuf de Hond	Snuf de Hond en de IJsvogel (1)	Drama	none	Tom and Mirjam may use Bouke's newly bought ship for a short sailholiday. Although they needed to beg a lot as Jeltje finds them too young to travel alone. Once they anchored at the first village, it appears there are pickpockets active. Once they are walking through a market, they meet two boys, Niels and Jimmy, their holidays turns out completely different as they expected it to go.
3006	Snuf de Hond	Snuf de Hond en de IJsvogel (2)	Drama	none	The sailholiday of Tom, Mirjam and Snuf looks like it will be ending in misery. There are active pickpockets and during a burglary a rare golden earring has been stolen. All the evidence points to Tom and Mirjam. There's only one way out: He wants to escape and track the real offenders.
3006	Snuf de Hond	Snuf de Hond en de IJsvogel (3)	Drama	none	Tom and Mirjam are getting more and more in trouble. Tom has been locked in a trapper's cabin. Snuf has been shot. Will Mirjam succeed to stay out of Tjeerd's and his son's hands? Jimmy has more difficulties to listen to his dad, but will he and his brother be able to protest against his dad?
3007	Live Free or Die	Live Free or Die	Drama	none	"Live Free or Die" explores one of America's most remote subcultures, following five people who have left the modern world behind to live in backwoods and swamps where they hunt their own food, build their own shelters, and survive only on what they can produce with their own two hands and sharp intuition.
3007	Live Free or Die	Rising Waters	Drama	none	Colbert begins rebuilding his cabin; Thorn works to transform his camp into a forest homestead; Tony and Amelia work on an indoor rocket mass heater for their livestock; Derik is thrown from the saddle attempting to bring his mules back home.
3007	Live Free or Die	Force of Nature	Drama	none	Colbert captures pelts for trading; Thorn builds a fishing vessel; Tony and Amelia make sycamore syrup; Tobias travels to establish a new base camp.
3008	Live Free or Die: Down & Dirty	Live Free or Die: Down & Dirty	Action	none	"Live Free or Die: Down & Dirty" is a special series that airs extended episodes with extra information and unseen footage from the show "Live Free or Die", all of which all air on the National Geographic Channel.
3008	Live Free or Die: Down & Dirty	The Bears and the Bees	Action	none	Gabriel's search for meat continues; Tony and Amelia tend to bees; Thorn tracks food he believes a bear took from camp and performs a ritual; Colbert puts his nephew to work.
3008	Live Free or Die: Down & Dirty	Hog Wild	Action	none	Extra garden wealth for trading; turkey hunting season; tracking wild hogs; leaving dry land to meet a mentor.
3008	Live Free or Die: Down & Dirty	Down the Rabbit Hole	Action	none	Projects continue in the wild, from a rabbit hutch to a new home; Colbert must figure out a way to transport materials for his home up the river.
3008	Live Free or Die: Down & Dirty	Forever Wild	Action	none	Tony and Amelia celebrate an anniversary and admire their garden; Thorn goes off to find medicine for his daughter; Colbert's family helps him start the foundation of his new cabin; Gabriel brings a fresh catch home to his fiance, Luna.
3010	In Their Own Words	In Their Own Words	Drama	none	"In Their Own Words" is a unique and stylish new biography series that explores an elite few of the 20th century's greatest figures. The inaugural season features episodes on a diverse trio of extraordinary subjects: three-time World Heavyweight Champion boxer Muhammad Ali, Muppets creator Jim Henson and Britain's long-reigning monarch Queen Elizabeth II.Each chapter in these artfully crafted biographies is inspired and marked by some of the most memorable words spoken by these world icons: words that describe the subject creatively and intimately. These memorable quotes keynote the storytelling, as each sequence sheds new light on key moments in our subjects' lives — illuminating their fascinating personalities and spotlighting their profound cultural and historical impact for a new generation of television viewers. Stylized, evocative recreations of significant moments in the subjects' lives add texture to the visual storytelling and also serve as background for some of the featured quotes.This non-linear approach to the top of each episode alerts veiwers to the fact that In Their Own Words is a biography series unlike anything they've seen. The majority of the narrative is carried by deeply personal interviews with those who know the subjects intimately: family, co-workers, colleagues, biographers, etc.
3010	In Their Own Words	Queen Elizabeth II	Drama	none	The film follows the Queen's remarkable life, from her youth – when few expected she'd ever wear the crown – to her uncle Edward VIII's stunning abdication, her father's coronation as King George VI, her experience during World War Two, her own sudden ascension to the throne, and her eventful reign of more than 60 years. She has defined the role of a modern monarch, leading the Royal Family and her subjects through the challenges of post-war reconstruction, decolonization, conflicts in South Africa, Northern Ireland and The Falklands, and the emotionally charged days after Princess Diana's death.Among those interviewed are former Prime Minister Sir John Major, actor Sir Ben Kingsley, biographer Sally Bedell Smith, Oscar-winning screenwriter David Seidler (The King's Speech), director Stephen Frears (The Queen), historian John Julius Cooper, Kamalesh Sharma (Secretary General of the Commonwealth), and the Queen's cousins Margaret Rhodes and Lady Elizabeth Anson.
3010	In Their Own Words	Muhammad Ali	Drama	none	The film follows Ali's rise from the Columbia Gym in Louisville to international fame, as he transcended his great athletic achievements to become one of the most influential Americans of his time: how this once polarizing figure ultimately became a beloved and honored national hero. Key events include Ali's stunning Islamic conversion and name change, his dramatic stand against the Vietnam-era draft, his 3-year exile from the ring, his legendary comeback fights, his battle with Parkinson's disease, and his inspirational reemergence on the world stage at the Atlanta Olympics.Among those interviewed are Ali's daughters Laila and Maryum Ali, NFL great Jim Brown, boxing champion Sugar Ray Leonard, rappers and actors L.L. Cool J and Common, boxing promoter Bob Arum, Rock & Roll Hall of Fame member Lloyd Price, and biographer Thomas Hauser.
3010	In Their Own Words	Jim Henson	Drama	none	The film follows Henson's career from his first work with his Muppets in the early 1950's during television's Golden Age up to his sudden and shocking death in 1990, as he transcended puppetry to become one of the most creative, prolific and influential artists of his time. Key events include his early television work with the Muppets while still a student at the University of Maryland, his commercial work and network appearances in the late 1950s and early 1960's, his breakthrough with Sesame Street, The Muppet Show, Fraggle Rock, and his groundbreaking fantasy films, Dark Crystal and Labyrinth.Among those interviewed for the Jim Henson episode are his children, Lisa, Cheryl, Brian and Heather Henson, actors Neil Patrick Harris and Candice Bergen, Willard Scott, director John Landis, former Disney CEO Michael Eisner, and Sesame Street cast members Bob McGrath and Carroll Spinney.
3011	Miami Porn: Sex Work in the Sunshine State	Miami Porn: Sex Work in the Sunshine State	Drama	none	Fusion goes inside the world of South Florida's booming adult entertainment industry, where a quarter of the porn in the U.S. is produced. We follow five independent producers, ranging from a couple making homemade porn to a young female porn star navigating the treacherous waters of launching her own paid site in the age of free porn.
3011	Miami Porn: Sex Work in the Sunshine State	Pilot	Drama	none	The adult entertainment industry finds itself in the age of social media and free porn on the internet; Models are turning to their computers and going solo to make money from clients and distributing their own content online.
3012	Drury's THIRTEEN	Drury's THIRTEEN	Action	none	What does it take to produce "Drury's THIRTEEN" original episodes for Outdoor Channel? The yearlong commitment, preparation, sweat equity involved in really doing it right. All while respecting the animal that we chase and cherish so much! This all new venture protected by Under Armour pits Man vs. Mother Nature, Drury's vs Deer in a season long knock down drag out battle royal. We wrote the script....but Mother Nature RIPPED it apart!! EHD, drought, moon phase, high temps, nocturnal deer movement...you name it....she threw out everything but the kitchen sink trying to stop us from our objective. The tips, the tactics, the information, is at an all-time high in this new series chronicling Mark & Terry Drury's season long quest for those mature whitetails that we think about 24/7 - 365. They break it down to Drury's THIRTEEN phases of the deer season....but it was the season that literally drove Drury Outdoors to the brink! With a little help from a cast of characters like Matt & Taylor Drury, Jim Thome & Gary LeVox you'll follow the ups and downs of Drury's THIRTEEN!
3012	Drury's THIRTEEN	Lock Down	Action	none	Phase Seven, Nov 11-14. Mark and Terry both bring guests in to camp. Brian Szalk of Ram Trucks and Marc Freese of Anilogics both seek out mature bucks that aren't in Lock Down.
3012	Drury's THIRTEEN	Desperately Seeking	Action	none	Phase Eight, Nov 15-19. Gary Levox is finally in camp and heads in after a clone from the past. Matt and Terry get the guns out in Missouri, while Jim Thome is Desperately Seeking a mature buck in Illinois.
3012	Drury's THIRTEEN	Party's Over	Action	none	Phase Nine, Nov 20-25. Mark and Taylor bring Kristi Stevens from Under Armour to their Missouri Farm. Terry, tagged out, is still seeing mature bucks. Jim Thome's Party's not Over in Illinois.
3012	Drury's THIRTEEN	Green Revisited	Action	none	Phase Ten, Nov 26-Dec 4. Terry, tag in hand, goes back out after the G3 buck. Mark brings in a special guest, Kyle McClellan, looking for his first buck in Iowa. A little snow in Illinois brings a mature buck by Jim Thome during Green Revisited.
3012	Drury's THIRTEEN	Waiting on a Front	Action	none	Phase Eleven, Dec 5-11. The whole cast is Waiting on a Front. Mark is back in Missouri with a bow and tag in hand. Terry's in Missouri with his eyes on two different mature bucks.
3012	Drury's THIRTEEN	Feedback	Action	none	Phase Twelve, Dec 12-21. Everyone's gathered up at Mark's for Feedback. Gary Levox is back in and ready with Tom Gallagher from Cabela's. Even brother Terry is invited up to Iowa to help keep things balanced.
3012	Drury's THIRTEEN	The Grand Finale	Action	none	Phase Thirteen, Dec 22-Jan 15. With Terry tagged out, it's up to the Iowa Drurys, Mark, Taylor, and of course, Wade, to make this a phenomenal Grand Finale.
3013	The Cannabusiness Report	The Cannabusiness Report	Drama	none	"The Cannabusiness Report" explores some of the biggest questions surrounding cannabis culture and the booming industry evolving around it with FUSION's Ryan Nerz. In a special four-part series Nerz gives an insider's perspective on the mainstreaming of marijuana in the United States and beyond — from the entrepreneurs, or better yet Ganjapreneurs, who have made millions off marijuana to how technology is shaping the evolving industry. Nerz is a Yale-educated journalist who has written for NPR, Esquire, and the History Channel. Nerz is the author of MARIJUANAMERICA: One Man's Quest to Understand America's Dysfunctional Love Affair with Weed.
3013	The Cannabusiness Report	Marijuana Science and Technology (Pilot)	Drama	none	Aspects of American marijuana culture are introduced.
3013	The Cannabusiness Report	Ganjapreneurs	Drama	none	A look at legislation in Denver allowing the purchase of marijuana in retail stores.
3013	The Cannabusiness Report	Colorado 2015	Drama	none	Cannabis college; a "420 Yoga" class; the Cannabis Cup. Also: an interview with rapper B.o.B.
3013	The Cannabusiness Report	Washington State: Weed Wonderland	Drama	none	Ryan goes to see a family who might go to jail for growing medical marijuana; a lesbian couple whose daughter's life has been saved by CBD-rich cannabis.
3014	The Big Leaf	The Big Leaf	Comedy	none	"The Big Leaf" is a comedy about two brothers, (siblings and soul), who happen to own a Medical Marijuana dispensary.
3015	My Selfie Life	My Selfie Life	Drama	6.0	"My Selfie Life" is a bold, half-hour series where young Americans film themselves living through a life-changing moment as they journey towards adulthood and self-discovery. Life is full of moments big and small, and high and low. Though we all might live some of the same life events, the way we experience them is as unique our own fingerprints and everyone has a story to tell. Each episode centers on a major experience in one person's life, ranging from the relatable to the extraordinary—tracking down lost love, defeating an eating disorder, dealing with mental illness, beginning an interfaith relationship. The 10-episode series will premiere this fall."This series showcases stories told in the most authentic way – by the people who know them by heart, captured in real time on their own devices, and in their own words," said Fusion Chief Programming Officer Wade Beckett. "Intimate and honest, the series captures the spirit of what I believe Fusion is all about and provides a compelling exploration of what it's like to be young and living in the digital age." "Selfie has captured the imagination of online viewers and we're excited to be expanding the concept into a long form series for Fusion," John Farrar, Creative Director, NERD TV said. "The show is characteristic of the type of programming that NERD TV strives to create – it's innovative, fresh filmmaking that gives young people a voice and platform to tell their story, the way they want it told."
3016	De Bunker	De Bunker	Action	none	''De Bunker'' follows a team in Antwerp of the Belgian State Security, that operates from their underground headquarter: ''De Bunker''. During field operations, Agents collect intel as soon as possible to avoid a threat or disaster. That threat could come from anywhere: People that are extremely right or left, terrorists or economical spionage, cybercrime or even sects. There is a lot of pressure and responsibilities for those agents and due to an internal secrecy, they could only talk about these subjects with their colleagues. They are close with each other, but the pressure is tremendous.
3016	De Bunker	Episode 1	Action	none	Pierre Mertens is head of security Antwerp or the Belgian Secret Service. Together with his team, consisting of the ambitious Farah, IT-expert Rob and Cloe, which is the 'benjamin'of the bunker, he is investigating the sudden disappearance of a few kilos of Semtex. They are however lead of the trail to Kobe Daelmans, a young innocent guy, which seems to be unable to do any harm. What is his plan with so much semtex? Is he a 'lone wolf' or is there something more? Teamleader Pierre decides that the youngest member of his squad has to infiltrate, but it doesn't worked out as planned.
3016	De Bunker	Episode 2	Action	none	Het team van Staatsveiligheid is diep onder de indruk na de afloop van hun vorige interventie. Veel tijd om erbij stil te staan is er jammer genoeg niet, want de Algerijnse Minister van Defensie, Mourad Djebar, is toegekomen in Brussel voor de NAVO-top. Eind vorig jaar ontsnapte Djebar aan een aanslag die werd opgeëist door de rebellengroep MLA, en dus staat Staatsveiligheid in voor de bescherming van de man die zich een paar maanden geleden kandidaat heeft gesteld voor de volgende presidentsverkiezingen, zeer tegen de zin van de oppositie, die vreest van hij het land wil omvormen tot een militaire dictatuur. Wanneer een verdacht individu het gemunt lijkt te hebben op Leila, de vrouw van Djebar, zet het team alles op alles om een nieuwe aanslag te verijdelen. Alexander Van Praet van de centrale sectie van Brussel, die gespecialiseerd is in Noord-Afrikaanse politiek, komt het team vandaag versterken om deze moeilijke en gevoelige opdracht tot een goed einde te proberen brengen.
3016	De Bunker	Episode 3	Action	none	Het team krijgt geen vat op een Joodse criminele bende, ondanks de goede contacten tussen Farah en haar informant Samuel Bloch. Kunnen ze Bloch nog langer vertrouwen? Wanneer het team te horen krijgt dat een belangrijk sleutelfiguur uit de Joodse terreurgroep zeer binnenkort naar België komt, beseffen ze dat ze dringend een nieuwe informant moeten rekruteren. Intussen doet Alexander een verdachte ontdekking in Pierre zijn kantoor.
3017	Drug Wars	Drug Wars	Drama	none	It's a war with no end in sight that generates billions in profits for those at the top. From scouring the world's oceans to trekking through dense jungles,"Drug Wars" is a no-holds-barred deployment into the dangerous reality of international anti-narcotics operations.
3017	Drug Wars	Inside Operation Martillo (Pilot)	Drama	none	Fusion embedded with an new international anti-narcotics operation called "Opertaion Martillo" ("The Hammer") for an exclusive inside look into the modern War on Drugs. In this episode, we follow U.S. Navy Frigate U.S.S. Rentz as its crew investigates a suspicious fishing boat in the Caribbean.
3017	Drug Wars	Ghost Ship	Drama	none	The US Coast Guard combats drug trafficking out of Colombia and Peru.
3017	Drug Wars	Take Down	Drama	none	Dominican authorities now have enough evidence to arrest the Cartel boss, but it looks like he might make a getaway before they have the chance. Volunteer work continues in Santo Domingo to save one patient at a time from drug addiction.
3017	Drug Wars	Smuggler's Pit Stop	Drama	none	A drug stash is found in a deep cave system in Panama; Puerto Rican drug abuse increases.
3017	Drug Wars	Night Riders	Drama	none	U.S. Border Patrol works to protect Puerto Rico from drug smugglers; volunteers attempt to save the lives of drug addicts.
3017	Drug Wars	Stranded	Drama	none	The U.S Border Patrol receive intel about smugglers heading from the Dominican Republic to Puerto Rico. Several units deploy to the western side of the island only to find 11 migrants that have been abandoned on a remote island nearby.
3017	Drug Wars	Going Fishing	Drama	none	Local authorities in the Dominican Republic team up with U.S. law enforcement to investigate a cartel boss operating on the island.
3017	Drug Wars	Hot Pursuit	Drama	none	A Venezuelan cartel boss is tracked down in the Dominican Republic, after which law enforcement prepares to intercept one of his shipments. Elsewhere, a group of recovering addicts travel to the slums to help others struggling with dependency.
3017	Drug Wars	Drug Wars	Drama	none	Dominican authorities gather enough evidence to apprehend a cartel boss, but his possible getaway jeopardizes the arrest. Also: Volunteer work to save patients from drug addiction continues in Santo Domingo.
3017	Drug Wars	Eagle Has Landed	Drama	none	Panamanian police get intel on a drug exchange. Units head out to surprise the traffickers, but the mission takes an unexpected turn. In Puerto Rico, U.S. Customs and Border Protection oversee the arrival of a ferry from the Dominican Republic.
3017	Drug Wars	Ferry Dust	Drama	none	In Panama, police arrest two smugglers who claim local gangs stole their drugs, leading to a hunt for the thieves responsible. Also: U.S. Customs and Border Protection search for narcotics aboard a ferry in Puerto Rico.
3019	Pickle and Peanut	Pickle and Peanut	Comedy	none	"Pickle & Peanut" is about two unlikely friends an emotional pickle and a freewheeling peanut in an innovative mix of 2-D animation and live-action clips to tell the small town adventures of two underdogs who dream up plans to be anything but ordinary.
3019	Pickle and Peanut	Greg	Comedy	none	Pickle lends his new pimple friend to frenemy Lazer
3019	Pickle and Peanut	Gramma Jail	Comedy	none	Pickle and Peanut accidentally get an older lady arrested.
3019	Pickle and Peanut	Cart Rustlers	Comedy	none	Pickle and Peanut go on a stakeout.
3019	Pickle and Peanut	Swim Lessons	Comedy	none	Peanut discovers that Pickle never learned to swim.
3020	Suspicion	Suspicion	Drama	none	It's human nature to question things - especially when your safety may be at risk - but when a grim suspicion turns into a horrid reality, it may be time to take things into your own hands. Investigation Discovery's (ID) new series "SUSPICION" reveals the terrifying journeys of real people who suspected imminent danger and became fixated on finding the truth. From stalkers to criminal cover-ups and killers on the loose, the stories in SUSPICION start building suspense from the moment something feels amiss. Emotional first-person interviews detail the endless twists and turns that come with following a dangerous hunch, leaving viewers anxious to learn who the culprit is until the very end. Did I really just see that? Will anyone believe me? Am I imagining things? Can I trust anyone? Nothing is as it seems and everyone is a suspect.
3020	Suspicion	The Killing Oath	Drama	none	Amy becomes a nurse so that she can save lives. But when patients in her care start to die in mysterious circumstances she is the only one who can figure out what or who is killing them. Then Amy comes to terrifying conclusion that she might be next.
3020	Suspicion	Edge of Insanity	Drama	none	Toni Ingram's 19 year old daughter, Morgan is creative and funny. Threatening behavior quickly escalates into stalking.Toni and her husband are thrown into a desperate race to unmask their daughter's nemesis before everything they hold dear is destroyed.
3021	Buying and Selling with the Property Brothers	Buying and Selling with the Property Brothers	DIY	none	Join the Property Brothers, Drew and Jonathan Scott, as they help homeowners sell their current home and buy a new property in HGTV's new series, "Buying and Selling with The Property Brothers". Jonathan renovates the family's current home for a successful sale, while Drew checks out the best options for the family's new property. Drew then oversees the selling of the renovated home and the buying of a new house.
3021	Buying and Selling with the Property Brothers	Santino & Andrea (Escape to the City)	DIY	none	Before they can move downtown, Santino and Andrea have to spruce up their suburban home.
3021	Buying and Selling with the Property Brothers	Joe, Selina & Melisa (A Single Dad Makes the Move to the City)	DIY	none	A single dad and his two daughters want to move into a downtown condo.
3021	Buying and Selling with the Property Brothers	Simone & Madan (This Couple is Not on the Same Page When it Comes to Finding a New Home)	DIY	none	With their three grown daughters still living at home, Simone and Madan need more space.
3021	Buying and Selling with the Property Brothers	Jonie & Taisha (A Mother and Daughter Duo Search for a Home Fit for 3 Generations)	DIY	none	Jonie needs a larger home for her, her daughter and her granddaughter.
3022	Future Man	Future Man	Comedy	none	"Future Man" chronicles a janitor by day, world-ranked gamer by night who is tasked with preventing the extinction of humans after mysterious visitors from the future declare him to be the key to defeating the imminent super-race invansion.
3023	Marvel's Most Wanted	Marvel's Most Wanted	Drama	none	This spinoff of Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. features the adventures of supporting characters Nick Blood as Lance Hunter and Adrianne Palicki as Bobbi Morse.
3024	Splitsville	Splitsville	Comedy	none	On "Splitsville", in the wake of a wave of divorces, the single residents of a suburban cul-de-sac join forces to raise their kids and get through it together.
3027	The Ranch	The Ranch	Comedy	none	"The Ranch" is described as a multi-camera comedy revolving around a former pro football player who returns to Colorado to help run the family ranch business. Don Reo and Jim Patterson, former exec producers and showrunners of "Men," are shepherding the series News of the project was first reported by Deadline. Netflix declined to comment.
3028	Lewis And Clark	Lewis And Clark	Drama	none	"Lewis & Clark" tells the story of the very first American expedition to cross the western portion of North America. They began in May 1804 leaving from St. Louis, Missouri near the Mississippi River. They finished their long and tedious adventure in September of 1806 into the area that was known at that time as the Spanish Territory.
3029	Hypochondriac	Hypochondriac	Comedy	none	"Hypochondriac" is based on the Colombian telenovela La Hipocondriaca. The Fox adaptation centers on a Type A hypochondriac who receives a fatal diagnosis. She then sets herself – and her friends and family – on a path of comedic destruction in pursuit of her "authentic self".
3030	Agent X	Agent X	Drama	8.0	The widowed wife of a U.S. Senator rises up the political ranks and becomes elected as the country's first female Vice President
3031	Shades of Blue	Shades of Blue	Drama	none	In a steamy new drama, Jennifer Lopez stars as sexy New York detective and single mother Harlee Santos, who fell in with a tight-knit group of dirty cops, taking bribes and protection money that she uses to provide the best life for her honest, talented daughter. But when she's trapped by the FBI and forced to inform on her own "brothers," she'll have to walk the fine line between love, loyalty, honor and betrayal, and try to keep it together for her daughter's future.
3032	Criminal Minds: Beyond Borders	Criminal Minds: Beyond Borders	Drama	none	Focuses on a division of the FBI that helps American citizens who find themselves in trouble internationally.
3034	800 Words	800 Words	Drama	9.0	A recently widowed father, quits his job as a popular 800 word columnist for a top selling Sydney newspaper. Over the internet he buys a house on an impulse in a remote New Zealand seaside town. He then has to break the news to his two teenage kids who just lost their mum, and now face an even more uncertain future. But the colourful and inquisitive locals ensure his dream of a fresh start does not go to plan.
3034	800 Words	Episode 1	Drama	9.0	Erik Thomson plays George, a man who once skated through life but is now stumbling. When his wife dies, George makes a rash decision to move his kids away from Sydney to the town of Weld, New Zealand.
3034	800 Words	Episode 2	Drama	9.0	George rapidly becomes the most unpopular new Aussie in town after calling Weld a "dead end town" in his column. Shay and Arlo also feel the fallout from their father's faux pas at their new school.
3034	800 Words	Episode 3	Drama	9.0	Questions are raised over Laura's death, and the Weld rumour mill goes into overdrive. George goes on an epic manhunt through the local populous to learn the source of the scandalous gossip.
3035	Hunderby	Hunderby	Comedy	none	Helene is a shipwreck survivor washed ashore near a small English village. There, she is swept off her feet by widowed pastor Edmund and the two soon marry, with the puritanical Edmund believing his bride to be untouched by another man. But it seems that she has a history, and a dark one at that.
3037	The Last Panthers	The Last Panthers	Drama	none	'The Last Panthers' delves into the dark heart of Europe, where a shadowy alliance of gangsters and banksters now rule. A daring diamond heist, see's British loss adjustor Naomi, charged with recovering the stolen diamonds, whatever the cost. Her manager Tom, has a nefarious reputation. Khalil, a French-Algerian policeman is also on the trail of the stolen diamonds.
3038	The Kettering Incident	The Kettering Incident	Drama	none	The Kettering Incident begins as Doctor Anna Macy finds herself inexplicably linked to the cases of two girls who have mysteriously disappeared in identical circumstances in the wilds of Tasmania 15 years apart. To clear her name, Anna must delve into her troubled past and face some truths about herself and the otherworldly nature of this gothic land.
3039	The Trial	The Trial	Drama	none	"The Trial" centers on Billy McBride, a once respectable lawyer who was ousted from the high-profile firm he co-founded. Billy now spends his days getting drunk, with the occasional case tossed his way by his ex-wife. However, Billy is reinvigorated professionally when a young lawyer who has just been fired from his old firm brings him a wrongful death case that pits him against the head of his former firm.
3040	Midnight Feast	Midnight Feast	Cooking	none	In "Midnight Feast", New York's Chelsea Market sets the stage for a late-night culinary showdown between some of the hottest chefs in the country. In each episode of "Midnight Feast," three professional chefs are given exclusive, after-hours access to Chelsea Market, and will have free rein to use any ingredient found in the famous food hall. From creating the ultimate feast they would want to consume on their last night on earth to whipping up a dish they think will guarantee a "successful" evening of romance to creating inventive meals that are meant to be eaten without silverware–viewers will see the chefs execute a range of creative dishes.By the end of the night, the winner walks away with a cash prize, ten times the total value of their ingredients used – while the losers walk away paying their own tabs. With access to some of the finest food items in the world, each chef must weigh their desire to use the most expensive and exotic ingredients against the risk of picking up an outlandish bill. Chef and restaurateur, Spike Mendelsohn, serves as host and head judge. Kat Odell, editorial producer of eater.com, and John DeLucie, chef and restaurateur, also serve as judges.
3040	Midnight Feast	Seal the Deal (Pilot)	Cooking	none	Passion heats up in the Midnight Feast kitchen, as the chefs must each prepare a four-component feast they think will guarantee a "successful" evening of romance. Who will seal the deal, and who will go home alone, with nothing but the bill to keep them company? Competitors include chefs Lee Knoeppel, Stephanie Cmar and Sebastien Chamaret.
3040	Midnight Feast	Retro Feast	Cooking	none	The chefs have to make their own twists on foods from the 50s, 60s and 70s.
3040	Midnight Feast	Feast of Fleshes	Cooking	none	Three chefs are challenged to create a feast using only one type of animal - including it's organs.
3040	Midnight Feast	Your Last Meal	Cooking	none	What would you want as the last thing you ever eat? It's do or die in the "Midnight Feast" kitchen, when the chefs have to create the ultimate, high-end version of the feast they'd want to consume on their last night on this earth. Chefs Kenny Gilbert, Yoanne Magris and Thatcher Downing fight to survive and be the last chef standing.
3040	Midnight Feast	Fermented & Funky Feast	Cooking	none	Three hip chefs must each prepare a feast showcasing ingredients that are fermented, aged, pickled, preserved, cured, moldy or just plain funky. Who will play it safe, and who will go to the edge, using ingredients like black garlic, blood sausage and the world's most notoriously funky fruit, durian? Competing are Chefs Kristopher Edelen, Hether Feher and Alan Vargas.
3040	Midnight Feast	Hands-On Feast	Cooking	none	Which chefs are really willing to get their hands dirty? From finger foods to cave man grub, tonight's feast is all about inventive dishes that are meant to be eaten without silverware. Even the cocktails must be consumed out of non-traditional vessels. Chefs Richard Arteaga, Akiko Thurnauer and Barret Beyer all hope to get their hands on the prize money.
3041	Babies Behaving Badly	Babies Behaving Badly	Comedy	none	What do babies really do when we aren't looking? "Babies Behaving Badly" shows how the littlest humans mimic their parents, argue with their siblings, and make their point as strongly as they can-sometimes, at inopportune moments.
3041	Babies Behaving Badly	Pilot	Comedy	none	Meet a sassy little girl with a plan for dealing with monsters, the best snitches in town and a kid who thinks her Daddy's number one!
3041	Babies Behaving Badly	Episode #2	Comedy	none	Meet a super smart kid who's 'exasperated' with the prospect of another sibling and some future chefs with bad habits!
3041	Babies Behaving Badly	Episode #3	Comedy	none	A boy's visit to the dentist leads to some comedy yelling, a little girl falls in love with a doll and will do anything to get it and a toddler learns how to conduct a crowd!
3041	Babies Behaving Badly	Episode #4	Comedy	none	A couple of seriously unfortunate haircuts lead to some serious self regrets, a little girl gets caught red-handed and a young angler is hugely taken with his fishy catch!
3041	Babies Behaving Badly	Episode #5	Comedy	none	Kids that aren't happy with mom's pregnancy news; the best 'bad' wedding dancer in the country; a little girl is shocked to learn that all the exhibits in the museum are dead.
3041	Babies Behaving Badly	Episode #6	Comedy	none	What happens when too much time is spent on the cell phone; kids mimic with hilarious results; a baby that can talk; a Doberman dog gets his nails painted pink by his young owner.
3041	Babies Behaving Badly	Episode #7	Comedy	none	What happens when one little girl discovers her favorite cartoon character isn't actually an actual cat; a pint-sized geographic prodigy.
3041	Babies Behaving Badly	Episode #8	Comedy	none	A funny description of a cat's backside; a self-made action movie goes wrong for one little boy; the adorable sister who doesn't want her little brother on the naughty list.
3041	Babies Behaving Badly	Episode #9	Comedy	none	Two kids are delighted when they are given an onion and a carrot as gifts.
3041	Babies Behaving Badly	Episode #10	Comedy	none	Lipstick and little girls are a bad combination; a little girl is not going to let a little thing like evidence stop her from lying; a pint-sized pizza flipper who outshines his dad.
3042	Why We Do Stuff!	Why We Do Stuff!	Comedy	none	"Why We Do Stuff!" is an exploration into why humans do the things they do.
3042	Why We Do Stuff!	Strangers Beware! (Pilot)	Comedy	none	What happens when a complete stranger asks you to lie to their wife for them and an obliging tourist mysteriously gets into your photos, whilst actually taking your holiday snaps!
3042	Why We Do Stuff!	Seeing is Believing!	Comedy	none	What happens when the furniture starts to come alive in a coffee shop and the local drive in fast food restaurant is plagued by driverless cars? VIP services and when their personal space is invaded.
3042	Why We Do Stuff!	Blind Panic!	Comedy	none	Would you let a blind barber cut your hair or would you be too embarrassed to stop him? Just how many people will be too embarrassed to decline his cut? Plus selfies with ghosts and hilarious prank doors that go nowhere!
3042	Why We Do Stuff!	It's a Miracle!	Comedy	none	Watch the wonder as a man walks across water for no apparent reason in the local park and there's elevator chaos, caused by one call and a cough! The series that explains why we react to stuff around us like we do!
3043	Death by Gossip With Wendy Williams	Death by Gossip With Wendy Williams	Drama	none	Investigation Discovery proves that talk may be cheap, but gossip can be deadly with the greenlight of a new series "DEATH BY GOSSIP WITH WENDY WILLIAMS", with the Diva of Dish serving as host and executive producer. Premiering in the fall of 2015, idle chitchat turns dark and dangerous as ID uncovers crimes fueled by rumors and sordid half-truths that lead to the ultimate betrayal…murder.
3043	Death by Gossip With Wendy Williams	Killer Education	Drama	none	When the body of English Teacher, Susan Reinert is found stuffed into the back of her car, police turn to her ex-husband for answers. But as detectives learn more about the victim, they uncover trails of gossip leading them in countless directions.
3043	Death by Gossip With Wendy Williams	Thrill Kill	Drama	none	19 year-old Colleen Slemmer is thrilled to start computer classes at the job corps campus in Knoxville, Tennessee. Months later, Colleen is found stabbed to death and police must determine - was Colleen killed by gossip?
3043	Death by Gossip With Wendy Williams	Her Last Christmas	Drama	none	Girl Scout leader Lillian Jarvis is the last person to make enemies. So when the young mother is killed by a mail bomb, secrets explode across the community as her dark past is revealed. Wendy Williams hosts.
3044	HBD	HBD	Music	none	"HBD" is a series of occasional specials during which Fuse celebrates the birthday of an iconic musical artist by showing a marathon of that singer's music videos. In the series premiere, Fuse aired two hours of the best Beyonce videos to celebrate her birthday.
3045	Got Ur #	Got Ur #	Music	none	Here at Fuse, we know the artists you wanna connect with and the music that moves you. We've "Got Ur #"! In this weekly themed music video countdown series, we hit the streets and link up with the artists and conversations you're following as we count down the videos on our custom playlist. We've Got Ur #SummerKickoff, We've Got Ur #Bonnaroo, #WeGotU!
3046	Skee TV	Skee TV	Music	1.0	Hosted and curated by award-winning DJ, producer, digital media pioneer and entrepreneur DJ SKEE, "SKEE TV" provides a peek into the world of Verge Culture at the intersection of music, sports, fashion, tech and style. Tune in for unique insider access into the trends and trendsetters of tomorrow, led by one of the most influential figures in the entertainment industry today.
3047	Transcendent	Transcendent	Drama	none	From the creators of Big Freedia: Queen of Bounce comes a new groundbreaking docu-series. The beautiful girls who perform at the world-famous AsiaSF Cabaret & Restaurant in San Francisco have two things in common: they're all talented, and they are all trans women. "Transcendent" documents the struggles and triumphs of these diverse young trans women as they navigate their professional, personal and romantic lives.
3047	Transcendent	Worth It (Pilot)	Drama	none	Nya's boyfriend may be moving too fast and the owners present her with a new opportunity.
3048	Big Freedia: Queen of Bounce	Big Freedia: Queen of Bounce	Music	none	The Queen Diva is back for another season of his critically acclaimed series! Following the success of his first US tour, season 4 finds "Big Freedia: Queen of Bounce" juggling a slew of new creative opportunities that could expand his empire just as health concerns could derail his career. While team prepares for a European tour, dancers Skip & Flash both pursue their own dreams, and Freedia's ex-boyfriend Devon tries to win back his Queen.
3048	Big Freedia: Queen of Bounce	TBA	Music	none	Freedia bounces through New York City and meets the publishers of his upcoming autobiography; Skip dreams of bouncing on Broadway.
3049	Fluffy Breaks Even	Fluffy Breaks Even	Comedy	1.0	When global funny man Gabriel Iglesias and his tourmates hit the road, they love to explore all the great places to eat along the way. Join Fluffy and his eccentric crew as they indulge in the best eats the country (the world?) has to offer…and then attempt to work off the calories with a larger-than-life physical challenge. Don't miss "Fluffy Breaks Even".
3050	Revealed	Revealed	Music	none	"Revealed" is a Fuse original series that showcases an artist's body of work from his or her point of view through unique interviews and behind-the-scenes footage in the studio and on set.Using the artist's music videos as the soundtrack, each episode gives the viewer an exclusive look into the back story, creative process, and the ups and downs of life as a musician. Episodes will feature Trey Songz, Bebe Rexha, Ed Sheeran, Jason Derulo, Nate Ruess, and Ciara.
3052	Beasts Behaving Badly	Beasts Behaving Badly	Drama	none	What happens when the wild world and "real" world collide? "Beasts Behaving Badly" features the authentic stories behind the best clips of wild animals invading human spaces.
3056	Twisted Tales of 9 to 5	Twisted Tales of 9 to 5	Drama	none	Everyone remembers a job they've hated – from overbearing bosses who yell at their employees, to companies that put their interns on "coffee duty." But when a boss' requests go from demanding to bizarre, office gossip blows up in an inter-employee feud. (formally"TWISTED TALES OF MY 9 TO 5" ) now "Twisted Tales of 9 to 5" tells the stories of typical work days that have turned into horrid tales.
3056	Twisted Tales of 9 to 5	A Ride to Remember (Pilot)	Drama	none	Michelle has a law office romance that nearly ends her life; Denise's new Las Vegas sales job puts her in bed with criminals; and Kristine discovers the true meaning of "a family business," when she takes on a new waitress job.
3056	Twisted Tales of 9 to 5	Bumps and Blades	Drama	none	Rachel's ice rink job ends with a chilling showdown. Then, Sarah's boss plays dress up with Sarah as his doll; and Sophia's airline job will cost someone their life.
3057	Instant Jam	Instant Jam	Music	none	Each episode of "Instant Jam" features live performances and captures all the excitement and energy as artists reveal to fans how to score tickets to an exclusive show in their area, while giving a behind-the-scenes look at the hours leading up to their concert.
3057	Instant Jam	Darius Rucker	Music	none	Musician Darius Rucker surprises a few hundred lucky fans with a beachfront concert at The Windjammer in his hometown of Charleston, S.C.
3057	Instant Jam	Hunter Hayes	Music	none	Country superstar Hunter Hayes surprises lucky fans with an unexpected concert at Cosmic Charlie's in Lexington, Ky.
3057	Instant Jam	Carrie Underwood	Music	none	Country superstar Carrie Underwood surprises fans by performing at an unannounced concert at Variety Playhouse in Atlanta, Ga.
3058	Gigging & Grubbing	Gigging & Grubbing	Family	none	"Gigging & Grubbing" combines two of America's favorite pastimes, music and food. The show, hosted by drummer Doug Frasure, follows touring singers and musicians to see where they eat while traveling from gig to gig. Viewers get a peek into the culinary habits of musical artists between concerts as they travel from city to city. The show is not just about the food; it also includes performances by the featured artists, who include singer-songwriter Rachael Owens and country singer Brit Stokes.
3059	The Grill Iron	The Grill Iron	Cooking	none	Take a journey through America's food landscape as we explore tailgating traditions in some of the biggest college football towns in the country. We're meeting up with some of the best local chefs and challenging them to create epic tailgates inspired by their city's food culture in "The Grill Iron".
3059	The Grill Iron	Michigan Coney Dogs and Ohio State Po' Boys (Pilot)	Cooking	none	We're visiting two of college football's most famous tailgates and teaming up with local chefs to make inspired versions of local tailgate classics.
3059	The Grill Iron	South Carolina Beef Ribs and Florida Fried Chicken	Cooking	none	Boiled peanuts and beef ribs at a South Carolina tailgate, and then an early morning shrimping trip on the Florida Gulf.
3059	The Grill Iron	Florida State Pork Loin and Tennessee Stuffed Quail	Cooking	none	Chef Tom Gray makes a delicious FSU-inspired tailgate dish, and we visit the home of the world's best bacon in Tennessee.
3059	The Grill Iron	Los Angeles Breakfast Polenta and Thai Tailgate	Cooking	none	Chef Bruce Kalman creates an unforgettable UCLA breakfast after a trip to an artisanal flour mill, and Chef Tin Vuong throws down an epic Thai tailgate at USC.
3059	The Grill Iron	Oregon Smoked Duck and Austin Grilled Fish	Cooking	none	Old-world style blush wine in Oregon, and Chef Alexis Chong brings her Thai food wizardry to a University of Texas tailgate.
3059	The Grill Iron	Penn State Pierogi and Arizona Sausage Sliders	Cooking	none	Join Chef Richard DeShantz on a tour of a traditional Pennsylvania pierogi factory, and a unique winery in the middle of the Arizona desert.
3062	Arthur & George	Arthur & George	Drama	7.0	Conan Doyle, creator of Sherlock Holmes, recaptures his zest for life by pursuing and challenging a notorious miscarriage of justice...
3062	Arthur & George	Episode 1	Drama	7.0	Three-part series, based on real events, about the relationship between Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and George Edaljii, a man sent to prison for a crime he claims he did not commit.
3062	Arthur & George	Episode 2	Drama	7.0	Three-part mini-series. Woodie suspects that George is after all the Wyrley Ripper, but Arthur is not convinced and annoys the police. Then the local blacksmith is found dead.
3062	Arthur & George	Episode 3	Drama	7.0	Conclusion. Arthur attacks the case with renewed fervour and uncovers fresh evidence, but will he be able to unlock the case at last and prove that George was innocent?
3063	Cake Masters	Cake Masters	Cooking	none	Duff Goldman is upping the ante and once again revolutionizing the way the world sees cake, and Duff's "Cake Masters" is his showcase. It is a spotlight on one of the biggest, most jaw-dropping cakes Duff has ever attempted, from start to finish. Duff's got his friend Geof at his side and the best cake decorators in Los Angeles on his speed dial, but that's not enough for this fondant-covered monstrosity, he's also bringing in Hollywood FX pros, pyrotechnic masters, and engineering geniuses to help get the giant cake planned, decorated, delivered, and unveiled before time runs out!
3063	Cake Masters	Fantastic Four Cake (Pilot)	Cooking	none	It's a supersized week in Duff Goldman's new cake shop in Los Angeles! First, comic book legend Stan Lee wants a massive cake, which he then presents to the cast of the new Fantastic Four movie at Comic-Con. Then, Duff and his team of Hollywood FX artists tackle a dog-shaped cake that weighs over 100 pounds for a local charity, while still managing to jam out a rock star cake for an actual rock star.
3065	Snapped: She Made Me Do It	Snapped: She Made Me Do It	Drama	none	"Snapped: She Made Me Do It" profiles true stories of women accused of manipulating men to do their evil bidding. Although the crimes differ in nature, they all share a common theme – a woman is credited to being the chief mastermind behind-the-scenes. Through witness testimonies, expert interviews and dramatic reenactments, each episode explores criminal cases surrounding the femme fatale. From a romantic reconciliation dinner that ends in homicide to a star athlete who is discovered lifeless with mysterious wounds, viewers will follow the investigation of the alleged perpetrators who claim "She Made Me Do It," hear both sides of the story and ultimately discover the jury's verdict.
3065	Snapped: She Made Me Do It	Rebecca Cleland	Drama	none	What was to be a reconciliation dinner ends in murder. A husband dead, his cousin-in-law identified as the killer. Did the sexy wife put him up to it, or was she just an innocent bystander?
3065	Snapped: She Made Me Do It	Kinzie Noordman	Drama	none	A missing high school student turns up dead. Was this a high school prank gone wrong by two supposed friends, or a premeditated murder orchestrated by the school's Queen Bee?
3065	Snapped: She Made Me Do It	Mary Sharpksi	Drama	none	A man is brutally attacked by a machete wielding ninja and his wife's friends are suspects. Did they act alone or at her request?
3065	Snapped: She Made Me Do It	Veronica Paz	Drama	none	A star athlete is killed and burned. His on-again/off-again lover blames her high school sweetheart.
3065	Snapped: She Made Me Do It	Shawna Forde	Drama	none	A family is brutally shot down and murdered in a border town. Investigators look at the local MinuteMen Organization.
3066	Two More Eggs	Two More Eggs	Comedy	none	A production of The Brothers Chaps' Citywide Hoop Champs, Inc. in association with Disney Television Animation, each installment of "Two More Eggs" incorporates a variety of animation techniques, indicative of the brothers' signature style, including flash, computer-generated imagery and animation mixed with live-action.
3069	A Mother's Son	A Mother's Son	Drama	none	When a teenage schoolgirl is murdered in a quiet coastal town, a mother finds a pair of stained trainers - and begins to suspect that either her son or stepson may be involved.
3072	The Catch	The Catch	Drama	none	From Shondaland's Shonda Rhimes and Betsy Beers, this thriller centers on the strong, successful Alice Martin (Mireille Enos). She's a fraud investigator who's about to be the victim of fraud by her fiancé. Between her cases, she is determined to find him before it ruins her career.
3073	The Real O'Neals	The Real O'Neals	Comedy	none	A fresh take on a seemingly perfect Catholic family whose lives take an unexpected turn when surprising truths are revealed. Instead of ruining their family, the honesty triggers a new, messier chapter where everyone stops pretending to be perfect and actually starts being real.
3074	Of Kings and Prophets	Of Kings and Prophets	Drama	none	An epic Biblical saga of faith, ambition and betrayal as told through the eyes of a battle-weary king, a powerful and resentful prophet and a resourceful young shepherd on a collision course with destiny.
3075	BrainDead	BrainDead	Drama	none	BrainDead is an upcoming American thriller television series created by Robert King and Michelle King. CBS announced a 13-episode straight-to-series order on July 22, 2015. The show is expected to premiere in Summer 2016
3076	Rush Hour	Rush Hour	Drama	none	Detective Lee is a reserved, honorable master martial artist with lightning-fast moves who comes to L.A. to avenge his sister's alleged death and learn more about her connection to a Chinese organized crime ring. Detective Carter, on the other hand, is a wisecracking cop who plays by his own rules and has never wanted a partner. As exasperated as Carter's boss, Captain Cole, gets with him, she knows he's a brilliant detective who gets results. Attempting to help the two get along is Sergeant Didi Diaz, Carter's friend and former partner who doesn't hesitate to call him out on his antics. But even as cultures clash and tempers flare, Carter and Lee can't deny they make a formidable team, and grudgingly admit that sometimes an unlikely pairing makes for a great partnership.
3077	Cooper Barrett's Guide To Surviving Life	Cooper Barrett's Guide To Surviving Life	Comedy	none	"Cooper Barrett's Guide To Surviving Life" is an upcoming American comedy television series created by Jay Lacopo that will debut on FOX in midseason 2015–2016 with six episodes for the first season
3078	Heartbreaker	Heartbreaker	Drama	none	Based on the real life and achievements of Dr. Kathy Magliato, this unique character-driven medical drama follows Dr. Alex Panttiere, an outspoken, world-renowned heart transplant surgeon, one of the few women in her field. Stubborn and fearless, Alex always operates on her own terms. She revels in a racy personal life that's a full-time job in itself, manages the daily demands of skeptical faculty and dutiful interns, and pushes the boundaries of medical science to impressive new heights.
3079	Hot & Bothered	Hot & Bothered	Comedy	none	If you think the steamy sex, sensational scandals and heart wrenching heartbreak on Latino soap operas are a little extreme, just wait until you see what happens behind the scenes! Eva Longoria stars in this new comedy about Ana Sofia, a sizzling TV superstar, and her lively family of cast and crew all competing to steal the spotlight. When the cameras turn off, the drama turns up as Ana battles pesky network execs, drunken scriptwriters, narcissistic co-stars and an unfortunately familiar new on-screen love interest.
3080	Big Little Lies	Big Little Lies	Comedy	none	Big Little Lies is an upcoming American television comedy series created by David E. Kelley, based on the book of the same name by Liane Moriarty. The series will air on HBO. The pilot episode was written by Kelley
3081	Fuller House	Fuller House	Comedy	none	D.J. Tanner-Fuller is a widow and mother of three. Things become too much to handle, so she asks for help from her sister Stephanie and her best-friend Kimmy.
3082	Krypton	Krypton	Drama	8.0	Years before the Superman legend we know, the House of El was shamed and ostracized. This series follows The Man of Steel's grandfather as he brings hope and equality to Krypton, turning a planet in disarray into one worthy of giving birth to the greatest Super Hero ever known.
3083	The Magicians	The Magicians	Drama	none	The series centers on Quentin, a brilliant grad student chosen to attend Brakebills College for Magical Pedagogy, a secret upstate New York university specializing in magic. He and his 20-something friends soon discover that the magical fantasy world they read about as children is all too real – and poses grave danger to humanity.
3086	Outrageous Fortune	Outrageous Fortune	Drama	none	The Wests are a one-family crime wave with a proud tradition in thievery, larceny and petty crime, until now. When patriarch Wolfgang West is sentenced to four years in jail, his wife Cheryl decides enough is enough; the family are cleaning up their act and going straight. Can the Wests live up to Cheryl's resolve and stay out of crime? It's not easy to be a saint when you have the DNA of a sinner.
3087	Westside	Westside	Drama	none	This six-part series tells the story of legendary safe cracker and career criminal, Ted West and his fire cracker of a wife, Rita. Combining real events and the rich folklore of the West family and associates, this is rollicking history, and a tempestuous romance, set at a time of great social upheaval.
3088	This is not my Life	This is not my Life	Drama	9.5	In the peaceful, leafy New Zealand suburb of Waimoana, a man wakes up in a lovely home, to his lovely wife and children. The only problem is that he can't remember anything. Not who he is, ever having a wife and kids, not even his own name. The people around him call him Alec Ross, but he only has their word for that. Setting out to discover what's going on, he stumbles upon the truth - this is not his life. Now he must try and unravel the mystery of Waimoana - and get out alive!
3088	This is not my Life	Episode 1	Drama	9.5	Alec Ross wakes in his beautiful house with his perfect family in the idyllic community of Waimoana; the problem being he can't remember who he is.
3088	This is not my Life	Episode 2	Drama	9.5	Alec Ross wakes in his beautiful house with his perfect family in the idyllic community of Waimoana; the problem being he can't remember who he is.
3088	This is not my Life	Episode 3	Drama	9.5	Callie and Alec undergo relationship counselling and Alec fears the consequences. He tracks down a troubled young woman whom he suspects is a kindred spirit. But can he trust her?
3088	This is not my Life	Episode 4	Drama	9.5	Alec and Jessica uncover some startling information about Waimoana and the people who live there. Jessica has a jealous suitor who is able to track them, but Alec learns he has some useful skills.
3088	This is not my Life	Episode 5	Drama	9.5	Becky is having nightmares that may reveal more secrets, and Alec suspects they are being brainwashed; and Jessica learns the danger of talking to the wrong people but she and Alec finally find proof.
3088	This is not my Life	Episode 6	Drama	9.5	Alec is determined to learn what happened to Kyle and finds an unlikely ally in Dr Collins. But his actions put Jessica in serious danger and he is forced to work with Gordy to save her.
3088	This is not my Life	Episode 7	Drama	9.5	Gordy thinks he has won the girl but he needs Alec's help to find out about her past. They break into secret security head quarters and learn much more than they bargained for.
3088	This is not my Life	Episode 8	Drama	9.5	Gordy covers his tracks and when 'terrorists', break into Waimoana, those who attempt to escape are caught up in the crossfire...
3088	This is not my Life	Episode 9	Drama	9.5	Alec finally meets the mysterious Harry who has come to Waimoana with a bold plan for Alec and Becky's escape, but Alec quickly learns Harry cannot be trusted.
3088	This is not my Life	Episode 10	Drama	9.5	Believing Alec has gone, Jessica agrees to Gordy's big plans; and Harry pleads with Alec not to get involved with the 'terrorists', but with Richard closing in, Alec is running out of options.
3088	This is not my Life	Episode 11	Drama	9.5	Richard reveals his big plans for Waimoana but all Alec can think about is getting out. Jessica has her own reasons for wanting him to leave but they can't deny their true feelings forever.
3088	This is not my Life	Episode 12	Drama	9.5	Alec learns his real role with Recall, the so-called terrorists. They have firm plans to get Alec, Becky and Jessica out of Waimoana, but Alec has to set things right first, especially for Callie.
3088	This is not my Life	Episode 13	Drama	9.5	In the season finale of This Is Not My Life, Alec's plans run smoothly at first, until Hope takes her revenge and Richard extracts information that throws everything into jeopardy.
3089	7 Days	7 Days	Comedy	none	It's Friday night and it's been a big week. There's been stupid news, big news, unbelievable news and news about us right here in New Zealand. Then come Jeremy Corbett and two teams of New Zealand's finest comic talent to blast the news out of the water, dissect it, lambast each other and have a brilliant time while doing it.
3095	Real Husbands Of Hollywood	Real Husbands Of Hollywood	Comedy	none	Wouldn't you know, there aren't only "Real Housewives" parading around reality television. The BET original series "Real Husbands of Hollywood" evens the playing field somewhat -- well, not really. The program is actually the "fakest reality show ever," says BET, a satire that skewers all things "Housewives"-like. It stars Kevin Hart, Nick Cannon, Boris Kodjoe, Duane Martin, J.B. Smoove and Nelly, among others, while episodes feature guest appearances by television, film, music and sport's top stars including Jay Leno, Ed O'Neill, Shaquille O'Neal, Faizon Love, Common, Trey Songz and Cedric the Entertainer.
3095	Real Husbands Of Hollywood	Hart Medication (Part 1)	Comedy	none	Kevin accidentally takes drug-laden candies; Trina and the guy do an intervention to send Kevin to rehab.
3095	Real Husbands Of Hollywood	Hart Medication (Part 2)	Comedy	none	Kevin checks into a rehab center for some court mandated therapy; Nia Long checks in to work on her own issues.
3095	Real Husbands Of Hollywood	The Great American Zero	Comedy	none	Kevin meets with Paramount President, Doug Howard to help put his dream into development for his next vehicle.
3099	Red Oaks	Red Oaks	Comedy	none	A young tennis player works at the prestigious and exclusive "Red Oaks" Country Club during the summer between his sophomore and junior years of college in the 1980s.
3100	The Amazing Race Canada	The Amazing Race Canada	Travel	1.0	The Amazing Race Canada will provide a uniquely Canadian take on the original series, with competitors discovering the world within the borders of Canada.
3103	Caesar	Caesar	Drama	none	"Caesar" is a project, which reimagines Shakespeare's play Julius Caesar in modern-day Los Angeles, is described as a tale of power, sex and revenge.
3104	The Trail	The Trail	Comedy	none	"The Trail", is said to be a spoof of crime documentaries like the recent The Jinx.
3105	Talk Nerdy To Me	Talk Nerdy To Me	Comedy	none	"Talk Nerdy To Me" is written by writer-comedian Morgan Murphy, the project is inspired by the blog Talk Nerdy to Me, Lover, edited by Jen Friel. It revolves around four smart, ambitious, twenty-something women — two computer programmers, a musician and a doctor — who share a house on the canals in Venice, CA, and support one another as they reach for their dreams professionally and personally.
3106	Brides	Brides	Drama	none	What if Van Helsing did NOT kill the three brides of Dracula? What if they survived for centuries and are now living in New York City? That is the basic premise of "Brides", a hot gothic soap drama from playwright, screenwriter and comic book writer Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa and top TV producer Greg Berlanti.
3107	The Watcher	The Watcher	Drama	none	Written by Alex Cary, "The Watcher" is a psychological thriller based on real events surrounding a young couple and their two children who move into their dream home in a small town, only to be terrorized by anonymous letters and sinister threats, and trapped in the web of a dangerous mystery.
3108	Ladylike	Ladylike	Comedy	none	"Ladylike" – Girl Code alums Nicole Byer, Jade Catta-Preta, and Matteo Laneand comedian Blair Socci take to the streets in this hilarious half-hour hidden camera prank show as they redefine what it means to be "Ladylike". With attitude and irreverence our cast will challenge social norms and unleash uncompromising and ridiculous situations on the unsuspecting public.
3109	Little Darlings	Little Darlings	Comedy	none	"Little Darlings" – Created by Jennifer Kaytin Robinson is a dark half-hour comedy about two very unlikely friends taking justice into their own hands and kicking literal ass on their college campus. Jules comes off as the perfect sorority dream girl, but little do her red-cup-toting sisters know, she's got a completely different agenda come nightfall. Ophelia, your everyday stoner-hacker-hellion, has officially run out of effs to give, and when she discovers Jules may be the masked vigilante exacting justice on campus her interest in college life is re-energized.
3111	Adam Ruins Everything	Adam Ruins Everything	Comedy	none	"In Adam Ruins Everything", host Adam Conover employs a combination of comedy, history and science to dispel widespread misconceptions about everything we take for granted. A perfect blend of entertainment and enlightenment, Adam Ruins Everything is inviting, fast-paced and, above all, smart. Adam is like that friend who knows a little bit too much about everything and is going to tell you about it...whether you like it or not. Adam Ruins Everything isn't just fun to watch, but addictively informative. It's everything you didn't want to need to know. The show was born out of a popular CollegeHumor original series that has generated more than 30 million views since premiering online with the video "Why Engagement Rings Are a Scam" in early 2014.
3111	Adam Ruins Everything	Adam Ruins Giving (Pilot)	Comedy	none	Adam exposes why shoe companies that give away free footwear do more harm than good, and explains why you should stop giving food pantries your leftover canned goods.
3111	Adam Ruins Everything	Adam Ruins Security	Comedy	none	Adam sets his sights on security, explaining that airport security wastes too much of our time and money, medicine safety seals do nothing to protect us, and your credit card number isn't remotely secure.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Action	7.0	"Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors" will be a unique journey exploring our favorite web-slinger as he teams up with other fan favorite Marvel Super Heroes in never before seen stories with a new life filled with great challenges, new friends, intense action and character growth. Ultimate Spider-Man will tell a coming of age story, where hapless Peter Parker evolves from a naive teen hotshot to a true hero who comes to terms with his origins and abilities. As the storyline begins, Peter Parker has been Spider-Man for just one year. Hes fought villains, saved lives, but still has much to learn about being a super-hero. Now, Nick Fury gives Peter the chance to go to the next level to train to be a real super-hero and become The Ultimate Spider-Man. But before he can do that, Peter will have to learn how to work with a team of fellow teenage super-heroes. Along the way, he will have to navigate challenging relationships with mentors and super-colleagues, and emerge with a better understanding of his parents' legacy and his own destiny.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Not a Toy	Action	7.0	When Spider-Man loses Captain America's shield, he has to team up with the First Avenger to retrieve it, but they discover that Doctor Doom has it and believes in finders keepers.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	The Attack of the Beetle	Action	7.0	Peter is horrified when Aunt May goes on a date with his principal and secret S.H.I.E.L.D. handler, Agent Phil Coulson. Things get even more complicated when the high tech assassin, The Beetle, returns.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Revealed	Action	7.0	Spider-Man leads his team in an epic battle to protect Harry Osborn from the Green Goblin, but even S.H.I.E.L.D. can't protect them when the Goblin teams up with Venom.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	The Rise of the Goblin	Action	7.0	Spider-Man leads his team in an epic battle to protect Harry Osborn from the Green Goblin, but even S.H.I.E.L.D. can't protect them when the Goblin teams up with Venom.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	The Lizard	Action	7.0	Ultimate Spider-Man returns to stop the nefarious plot of Doctor Octopus. But not everything goes according to plan when Spidey's friend, Dr. Curt Connors, transforms into The Lizard.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Electro	Action	7.0	When Spider-Man's old enemy Electro takes control of all the electricity in New York City, Spidey and his team work together to stop him before he takes over the world!.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	The Rhino	Action	7.0	Spider-Man must stop Rhino's personal vendetta against Spidey's least favorite Midtown High classmate: Flash Thompson.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Kraven the Hunter	Action	7.0	Spider-Man helps White Tiger come to terms with her powers and origin while she is hunted by a villain from her past.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Hawkeye	Action	7.0	Spider-Man and Hawkeye are forced to team up when the armored mercenary The Beetle returns to New York City.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	The Sinister Six	Action	7.0	Spider-Man is trapped alone with six of his most dangerous foes: Rhino, Kraven the Hunter, Lizard, Electro, Beetle and a secret sixth member.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Spidah-Man!	Action	7.0	Spider-Man accepts an invitation from the city of Boston to become their official hero. But the grass isn't always greener in his new home.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Carnage	Action	7.0	The Green Goblin returns with a new plan to turn Spider-Man into his perfect weapon, but Carnage is a dangerous surprise for both Norman and Spidey.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	House Arrest	Action	7.0	Spider-Man and his team have to fight for their lives in Aunt May's house when S.H.I.E.L.D.'s security system turns into a death-trap.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	The Man-Wolf	Action	7.0	Spider-Man and his team travel to the moon to save the son of Spidey's greatest critic, J. Jonah Jameson -- but a bizarre threat awaits them on the lunar surface.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Swarm	Action	7.0	Spider-Man and his team are turned into mini-versions of themselves when they cross paths with Loki and the Destroyer. Guest starring the Avenger, The Mighty Thor.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Journey of the Iron Fist	Action	7.0	Spider-Man travels to the mystical city of K'un L'un to help Iron Fist fulfill his destiny. But The Scorpion plans to destroy them both.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	The Incredible Spider-Hulk	Action	7.0	Spider-Man and The Hulk switch minds, leading to lots of craziness and a clobberin' from The Thing of The Fantastic Four.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Stan By Me	Action	7.0	Spider-Man, Mary Jane, Harry and Stan the Janitor go on a hunt for The Lizard in the tunnels beneath Midtown High.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Ultimate Deadpool	Action	7.0	Spider-Man envies Deadpool's free-spirited life but may change his mind after one day in Deadpool's madcap world.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Venom Bomb	Action	7.0	Spider-Man must work with his nemesis, Doctor Octopus, when The Green Goblin unleashes Venom on the Tricarrier.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Guardians of the Galaxy	Action	7.0	Spider-Man and Nova team up with The Guardian's of the Galaxy on a deep space adventure to save Earth from destruction.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	The Parent Trap	Action	7.0	Spider-Man and Power Man infiltrate Zodiac's secret volcano base only to discover what really happened to Power Man's long-lost parents.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Game Over	Action	7.0	Spider-Man teams up with The Avenger's Captain America and the X-Men's Wolverine to stop a new threat to S.H.I.E.L.D.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Blade (1)	Action	7.0	It's Halloween, but there's no time for Spider-Man and his friends to trick-or-treat when they find themselves attacked by evil vampires led by Dracula himself. Spidey's only hope of stopping a world takeover is to team up with Nick Fury's secret team of super-powered monsters, The Howling Commandos. Led by Jack Russell, aka Werewolf by Night, The Howling Commandos include vampire hunter Blade, The Living Mummy, Frankenstein's Monster and Man-Thing.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Second Chance Hero	Action	7.0	Spider-man forms an unlikely partnership with a cured Norman Osborn. But is Norman really a hero as the Iron Patriot?.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Sandman Returns	Action	7.0	Spider-man tries to help the Sandman reform and become a hero, but Spidey soon finds out that his new friend fights old instincts.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Return of the Sinister Six (1)	Action	7.0	Spider-Man and his team are tested by a surprise attack from Doctor Octopus' newly formed Sinister Six.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Ultimate (2)	Action	7.0	Spider-Man fights alone against his own team to save all of New York from being turned into Green Goblins.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	The Avenging Spider-Man (1)	Action	7.0	Spider-Man's dream of joining the Avengers becomes a nightmare when Loki switches bodies with the web-slinger, turning his new teammates against him. In part two, Spider-Man and his friends team up with the Avengers to stop Loki and Doctor Octopus from destroying New York City with an army of Venomized monsters.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Agent Venom	Action	7.0	When Spider-Man's classmate Flash Thompson is infected with Venom, will he become a hero or Spidey's newest villain?.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Cloak and Dagger	Action	7.0	Spider-Man and Dr. Strange attempt to help the super-powered runaways Cloak & Dagger, but the mystical Dormammu has other plans.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	The Next Iron Spider	Action	7.0	Spidey's patience is tested when his old academic rival Amadeus Cho is recruited into S.H.I.E.L.D.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	The Vulture	Action	7.0	Spider-Man tries to track down a mysterious thief known as The Vulture, a young man who can't remember his past.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	The Savage Spider-Man	Action	7.0	Spider-Man travels to the Savage Land with Wolverine to find Ka-Zar. Things are complicated by a plot from Taskmasker and Kraven.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	New Warriors	Action	7.0	Spider-Man's newly assembled team of teen heroes is put to the test when Taskmaster puts his master plan into action.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	The Spider-Verse (1)	Action	7.0	When the Goblin opens portals to alternate worlds, Spider-Man must team up with alternate versions of Spider-Man to stop him, including a future version from the year 2099 and Spider-Girl.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	The Spider-Verse (2)	Action	7.0	When the Goblin opens portals to alternate worlds, Spider-Man teams up with alternate versions of Spider-Man to stop him, including Spider-Man Noir and Spider-Ham.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	The Spider-Verse (3)	Action	7.0	Spider-Man chases Goblin through a portal to Medieval York, where he meets Spyder-Knight, and then to a parallel universe where Peter Parker has died and 13-year-old Miles Morales is now Spider-Man.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	The Spider-Verse (4)	Action	7.0	When the Goblin uses DNA from six alternative Spider-Men to grow his own powers, the original Spider-Man assembles his alternative world counterparts to defeat him.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Rampaging Rhino	Action	7.0	Spider-Man and Hulk are the last line of defense when a bitter rivalry between Agent Venom and Rhino threatens to destroy New York City.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Ant-Man	Action	7.0	Spider-Man and Ant Man must shrink down into Fury's body that has been infected with Doc Ock's nano-bots.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Burrito Run	Action	7.0	Craving Mexican food, Spidey, Power Man and Squirrel Girl sneak out after hours for a burrito. Along the way they must contend with a plot from a group of Spider-Man's enemies.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Inhumanity	Action	7.0	Spider-Man and Triton must stop a war between SHIELD and The Inhumans.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	Attack of the Synthezoids	Action	7.0	Spidey wakes up to find his fellow classmates have been replaced by synthetic look-alikes. Not sure who he can trust, Spider-Man assembles a team to save the Academy.
3114	Ultimate Spider-Man: Web Warriors	The Revenge of Arnim Zola	Action	7.0	Spidey is captured by Arnim Zola. With time running out, his classmates must engage Zola in a desperate fight, giving Spidey the chance to rally and break free of the madman.
3115	Game Shakers	Game Shakers	Comedy	none	When Babe and Kenzie created Sky Whale for a seventh grade science project, they were hoping for a passing grade at best. They never expected it to become the most popular game of the year! Now they're making millions with their insanely successful business. What could go wrong on "Game Shakers"?
3115	Game Shakers	Sky Whale, Part 1 (Pilot)	Comedy	none	Babe and Kenzie's school project becomes an online gaming sensation; rapper Double G finds out that Babe and Kenzie used his song in their game, Part 1 of 2.
3115	Game Shakers	Sky Whale, Part 2	Comedy	none	Babe and Kenzie's school project becomes an online gaming sensation; rapper Double G finds out that Babe and Kenzie used his song in their game, Part 2 of 2.
3115	Game Shakers	Tiny Pickles	Comedy	none	Babe and Kenzie's new game is ready, but Dub promises the world another game based on a crazy dream he had.
3115	Game Shakers	Babe's Jacket	Comedy	none	Babe buys herself a fancy new jacket after Dub gives the girls bonuses for Sky Whale's success; a flock of pigeons takes up residence in Game Shakers.
3115	Game Shakers	Dirty Blob	Comedy	none	After Trip accidentally destroys a copy of the Game Shakers' latest game, the gang must sneak into Dub's recording studio to retrieve the last remaining copy.
3118	I Love Kellie Pickler	I Love Kellie Pickler	Comedy	1.0	"I Love Kellie Pickler", the American Idol finalist's series details the life of the singer who was catapulted from small-town obscurity to become a household name on Idol and Dancing With the Stars. Recognized and beloved for her quirky personality, uniquely hysterical witticisms and Southern charm, the series will follow her marriage to Kyle Jacobs — her complete opposite.
3119	We Have Issues	We Have Issues	Comedy	none	Comedians Julian McCullough and Annie Lederman are battling it out on a new half-hour comedy series "We Have Issues" where the two will have competitive comedy debates about the week's biggest pop culture news. Each week, the duo will welcome a guest comedian to the show to help even out the score and contribute to the hilarious he said/she said banter. From Donald Trump's foot-in-mouth syndrome to whoever is feuding with Taylor Swift now, Julian and Annie will say what we all are thinking about the absurd, outrageous and just plain ridiculous happenings of the week. No topic is off limits. No celebrity will be spared. No tabloid will go unread.
3119	We Have Issues	Tom Green (Pilot)	Comedy	none	The special guest on the show tonight is Tom Green.
3122	The Trials of Jimmy Rose	The Trials of Jimmy Rose	Drama	none	Released from prison, hoping to rebuild his life, ex-con Jimmy Rose has been beaten up attempting to rescue his drug-addicted granddaughter Ellie. Second of a three-part drama.
3122	The Trials of Jimmy Rose	Episode 1	Drama	none	A career criminal leaves prison determined to redeem himself and win over his family in the first episode of a three-part drama, but he finds the world a changed place.
3122	The Trials of Jimmy Rose	Episode 2	Drama	none	Released from prison, hoping to rebuild his life, ex-con Jimmy Rose has been beaten up attempting to rescue his drug-addicted granddaughter Ellie.
3123	Alaska Haunting	Alaska Haunting	Drama	none	In Alaska, no one can hear you when you scream. Miles of forest separate neighbors in America's northern-most state, but hauntings are so common there that locals turn to the Internet to share their terrifying tales. In "ALASKA HAUNTING", the last frontier becomes the backdrop for scary ghost stories, where frigid winter weather leaves victims frozen in fear with nowhere to run.
3123	Alaska Haunting	Buried Secrets (Pilot)	Drama	none	The Cristallo family makes a fresh start in their Salcha, Alaska dream home. But when mom Lita and daughter Bonnie begin seeing a frightening, ghost-like figure around the house; they know that they are not alone.
3123	Alaska Haunting	Curse of the Trapper's Cabin	Drama	none	Jess and her boyfriend Dusty move into a remote log cabin in the woods in Point Mackenzie, Alaska. But, when strange things start to happen, they realize why the cabin was for sale. The couple has awakened a vengeful spirit and it wants them out.
3124	Alaska Monsters	Alaska Monsters	Action	none	Treacherous terrain and unforgiving natural elements are big reasons why people go missing in Alaska more often than elsewhere, but some believe blame lies with monsters roaming the Alaska Triangle. From Juneau/Yakutat in the south, to the Barrow Range in the north, to Anchorage in south central, cryptic creatures are said to shift trees with ease, psychically create seismic activity, or decapitate humans with one bite. "Alaska Monsters" follows the Midnight Sons, outdoorsmen who use modern technology to hunt and trap beings like the saberwolf, otterman and northern giant.
3124	Alaska Monsters	Bigfoot of the Arctic Circle: Siberian Giant	Action	none	The Alaska Midnight Sons travel to Coldfoot, Alaska in subzero temperatures to hunt down the Siberian Giant, a notorious Yeti, reportedly responsible for the Dyatlov Pass Massacre of 9 hikers in Russia.
3124	Alaska Monsters	Bigfoot of Denali: Wind Walker	Action	none	The Alaska Midnight Sons head near Denali National Park to investigate one of the tallest and most aggressive Bigfoots they have ever gone after. This extremely territorial Bigfoot is responsible for terrorizing multiple cabin owners in the area.
3128	Critical	Critical	Drama	9.0	Critical is a 13-part series set in a state-of-the-art Major Trauma Centre, a unit which treats only the most gravely ill or seriously injured. Each episode features a new and distinctive case told with thrilling intensity. Whether that patient lives or dies is determined by knife-edge decisions and procedures, but can the diverse team of medical professionals knit together and rise to the challenge? It's a series about medicine where our team hold a life in their hands but in every case they face the agonisingly real fear that it could slip through their fingers.
3128	Critical	Episode 1	Drama	9.0	The team have to work around the clock inside a state-of-the-art Major Trauma Centre.
3128	Critical	Episode 2	Drama	9.0	The team treat a woman who has suffered a horrific fall. Fiona attempts to adapt to working with her exboyfriend, Glen.
3128	Critical	Episode 3	Drama	9.0	Emotions increase as the team fight to revive a cyclist involved in a serious collision. A bold decision is made by Glen.
3128	Critical	Episode 4	Drama	9.0	Stress levels increase whilst treating a badly beaten man as the team have to deal with a nightmare scenario that sends the Major Trauma Centre into complete lockdown.
3128	Critical	Episode 5	Drama	9.0	There is confusion in the the operating theatre after Lorraine returns to work, taking control from Glen as trauma team leader to treat a woman who has a gunshot wound.
3128	Critical	Episode 6	Drama	9.0	The tension between Glen and Lorraine continues to increase they go to the aid of a troubled patient who has jumped off the hospital's atrium walkway.
3128	Critical	Episode 7	Drama	9.0	There is a shock for the team as they attempt to help an agitated patient who has been involved in a car accident.
3128	Critical	Episode 8	Drama	9.0	The team are under pressure more than ever as they treat a horrifically burned patient. Glen grows closer to Fiona.
3128	Critical	Episode 9	Drama	9.0	The prognosis does not look good as the team attempt to save a teenage drowning victim. It results in a standoff between Glen and Clive. A bold move is made by Fiona.
3128	Critical	Episode 10	Drama	9.0	The victim of a dog attack is brought in with the dog still attached to him.
3128	Critical	Episode 11	Drama	9.0	There are some obstacles to deal with as the team tackle one of their trickiest cases yet.
3128	Critical	Episode 12	Drama	9.0	The team have to help multiple victims who have been involved in a traffic accident.
3128	Critical	Episode 13	Drama	9.0	Upset after finding out about news of Fiona's engagement, Glen disappears only to be involved in a life-or-death emergency.
3129	Eve	Eve	Action	none	Eve is the star of a brand new sci-fi drama from CBBC. She's no ordinary girl – Eve is the result of an incredibly advanced robotics experiment.
3134	The Amazing World of Gumball	The Amazing World of Gumball	Comedy	9.0	The series about an amusing blue cat named Gumball and his best buddy Darwin, a pet goldfish, combines 2D and 3D animation in a live-action setting.
3135	Mike Tyson Mysteries	Mike Tyson Mysteries	Comedy	8.0	In Mike Tyson Mysteries, Mike Tyson is taking the fight from the boxing ring to the streets ... by solving mysteries! Aided by the Mike Tyson Mystery Team - the Ghost of the Marquess of Queensberry, Mike's adopted Korean daughter Yung Hee, and a pigeon who was once a man - Mike Tyson will answer any plea sent to him. If you have a problem that needs solving, Iron Mike is in your corner.
3142	Doctor Foster	Doctor Foster	Drama	10.0	A trusted GP sees her charmed life explode when she suspects her husband of an affair. As she uncovers secrets that shock her to the core, how will Dr Gemma Foster react?
3142	Doctor Foster	Episode 1	Drama	10.0	Brilliant, vivacious GP Gemma Foster has her life torn apart when she investigates whether her husband is harbouring a dark secret. The truth will shock her to the core.
3142	Doctor Foster	Episode 2	Drama	10.0	Reeling from the secrets she has uncovered, Gemma has a decision to make - but a visit from a surprise patient means she also faces an acute professional dilemma.
3142	Doctor Foster	Episode 3	Drama	10.0	In public Gemma plays the perfect wife, while secretly concocting a plan to ensure she comes out on top - only to make new discoveries about the full extent of the secrets that those around her are holding on to.
3142	Doctor Foster	Episode 4	Drama	10.0	Gemma decides on a new start with Simon, but her medical career begins to fall apart due to a series of complaints. Pushed to the brink, can she find the strength to carry on?
3144	Preacher	Preacher	Drama	none	"Preacher", is based on Garth Ennis and Steve Dillon's cult 1990s comic. The show centers on Jesse Custer (Dominic Cooper), a conflicted Preacher in a small Texas town who is inhabited by a mysterious entity that allows him to develop a highly unconventional power. Along with his ex-girlfriend, Tulip (Ruth Negga), and an Irish vampire named Cassidy (Joseph Gilgun), the three embark on a journey to literally find God.
3145	Dirty Rotten Survival	Dirty Rotten Survival	Drama	none	"Dirty Rotten Survival" is an outdoor adventure trek seasoned with a dash of grit, "man-genuity," and a whole lot of MacGyver'ing. National Geographic Channel challenged a survival savant, an engineer-inventor and a construction guru to hit the road and test their mettle by competing in location-inspired outdoor challenges across several states using a different, limited set of tools in each episode.
3145	Dirty Rotten Survival	Get Hardware (Pilot)	Drama	none	Home builder and jack-of-all trades Johnny Littlefield is taking survival expert Dave Canterbury and engineer and former military colonel Dick Strawbridge on a 25-mile hike through the Berkshire Mountains of western Massachusetts. Starting at the oldest hardware store in America, the guys have five minutes to grab whatever tools they can for their trek. Once they're geared up, they set off along an unmarked, un-trailed wilderness where they have to rely on their skills, improvised tool kits and grit to get them up, over and down everything from steep cliffs to winding rivers.
3145	Dirty Rotten Survival	Swamped	Drama	none	Dave takes the guys to the swampiest state in America — Louisiana — to see if they have the skills to get an old jeep through 50 miles of its largest swamp, the Atchafalaya Basin. They begin their adventure at a southern Louisiana mud park, where Dave has arranged to pick up an iconic World War II-era Jeep Willys that the guys will use in their attempt to traverse the swamp. With no food, only one canteen of water a piece and just a small swamp survival kit each, the guys venture into the swamplands to see if they have the skills to get the 1947 jeep — and themselves — through a 50-mile course in one piece.
3145	Dirty Rotten Survival	Car-B-Que	Drama	none	Dave challenges Johnny and Dick to go car-camping in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, Canterbury-style. Starting at a junkyard, they each select a vehicle to drive through the logging roads, staying at three different campsites over three nights and ending at the northernmost tip of Lake Superior. Using only their cars and a few demolition tools, the guys must take whatever they can find from their vehicles to use as camping resources for each night on the road.
3146	CTRL+ALT+DEL	CTRL+ALT+DEL	Drama	8.0	In "CTRL+ALT+DEL" the lives of three young people tragically get caught in the web of social media. Tiffany thought she found the perfect guy when she started dating Andrew. But, when Andrew starts displaying disturbing behavior, Tiffany attempts to get out of the relationship. This leads her into the arms of another man, unleashing a cyber-attack of deadly proportions.
3146	CTRL+ALT+DEL	Love Hacked (Pilot)	Drama	8.0	When the man she is dating begins displaying disturbing behavior, a woman ends up in the arms of another man, unleashing a cyber-attack of deadly proportions.
3148	NFL Rush Zone	NFL Rush Zone	Action	none	Ish and his family have relocated to Canton, Ohio, home of the Pro Football Hall of Fame, where Ish can learn more about his destiny as a Guardian. It seems that NFL Football is safe once again, until the emergence of a new master villain, Wild Card, who threatens to destroy not only the NFL, but the world itself. With the escalation of this conflict, Ish heightens his own training, skills, and powers, but will be joined by a new band of allies, who will become known as The League of Guardians on "The NFL Rush Zone".
3149	Behind Bars: Overtime	Behind Bars: Overtime	Drama	none	"Behind Bars: Overtime" will air new scenes and interviews and enhance previous episodes of "Behind Bars: Rookie Year".
3149	Behind Bars: Overtime	The Riot	Drama	none	Zach investigates a fight; Keith deals with unstable and violent inmates; Ariel wrestles with the uncertainty of the job; PNM's tragic past acts as both a haunting reminder and a catalyst for change.
3149	Behind Bars: Overtime	The Drug Trade	Drama	none	Despite efforts to keep the prison clean, narcotics always find their way into the prison; Francisco suspects an inmate is high; Andrew takes inmates on a high-risk work detail outside of the prison; Bruce struggles with high expectations.
3149	Behind Bars: Overtime	Sink or Swim	Drama	none	The rookies begin to understand the harsh realities of their new careers; Keith is at a crossroads; Andrew tries to find the balance needed to be an effective officer; Zach faces new challenges without his mentor; a new officer takes his first post.
3149	Behind Bars: Overtime	Breaking Point	Drama	none	An inmate leaves a work detail; Ariel lands a rough assignment; Keith seeks a change; a partnership forms between Andrew and Mangin; a former CO wants his old job back.
3150	Childrens Hospital	Childrens Hospital	Comedy	8.0	Childrens Hospital explores the emotional struggles and sexual politics of a group of doctors charged with healthy libidos. Their dedication to their personal lives is relentless, interrupted only by the occasional need to treat sick children.
3153	Mr. D	Mr. D	Comedy	none	MR. D is a story about a charming, under-qualified teacher trying to fake his way through a teaching job, just like he often fakes his way through life.
3156	Father Brown	Father Brown	Drama	8.5	Drama based on the stories by GK Chesterton, about a crime-solving Roman Catholic priest.
3158	SunTrap	SunTrap	Comedy	none	Crime comedy. An undercover reporter and his former mentor join forces to solve mysteries on a Spanish island.
3159	Winners & Losers	Winners & Losers	Drama	none	Despite everything they've been through, Bec, Sophie, Jenny, Frances and Sam are as close as they've ever been to having the three key areas of life – love, work and home – firing on all cylinders. But when relationships, friendships, careers and aspirations are all tested, the girls will question if it is even possible to have it all?
3160	Masterchef Australia	Masterchef Australia	Cooking	9.0	With the culinary bar set high in 2014, the heat will be on when MasterChef Australia returns for 2015. A fresh group of home cooks will eagerly tackle challenges that will see one of them take home the title of Australia's next MasterChef.
3161	House Husbands	House Husbands	Drama	none	House Husbands is a comedy drama about four modern families with one thing in common – the men are in charge of raising the kids.
3162	Devil's Playground	Devil's Playground	Drama	none	The year is 1988. It is 35 years after the events of Fred Schepisi's classic film, The Devil's Playground. Tom Allen, now in his 40s and recently widowed, is a respected Sydney psychiatrist and father of two children. A practicing Catholic, Tom accepts an offer by the Bishop of Sydney to become a counselor of priests. During these sessions, he will uncover a scandal and become embroiled in the Church's attempts to cover it up. Tom's quest for justice will push him to his limits, and reveal a side of Church power and official corruption he could never have imagined.
3163	19-2	19-2	Drama	9.0	Based on the award-winning Québec series of the same name, "19-2" is a richly-nuanced character-driven drama, 19-2 follows the lives of patrol officers Ben Chartier and Nick Barron. Nick is a veteran on Montreal's urban police force and has just returned from a three-month leave following the traumatic shooting of his partner. On his first day back, he is unhappy to learn he has been partnered with Ben, who has just transferred from a small town to restart his life in the big city. Both men are good cops, who deeply care about the job, yet struggle to move beyond painful events in their past. Ben and Nick must attempt to put their differences aside as their lives further intertwine, both professionally and personally, and continue to take surprising and dramatic turns.
3163	19-2	School	Drama	9.0	The entire squad is involved in an intensely tragic school shooting which profoundly impacts their lives.
3164	Heartland	Heartland	Drama	none	Life is hard on the Flemings' ranch in the Alberta foothills where abused or neglected horses find refuge with a kind, hard-working family. Debts abound and the bank is about to foreclose. Can they keep the ranch running?
3166	Inspector George Gently	Inspector George Gently	Drama	10.0	Crime drama, set in the 1960s, about an old-school detective trying to come to terms with a time when the lines between the police and criminals have become blurred.
3167	Yong Pal	Yong Pal	Drama	none	Kim Tae Hyun is a promising young surgeon, but his finances take a dive when his sister's health condition requires costly dialysis treatments. When Tae Hyun subsequently falls into a vicious cycle of debt, he assumes the alias of "Yong Pal" and begins making house calls for criminals who are willing to pay top dollar. Complicating things further, Tae Hyun gets involved with Han Yeo Jin, a comatose patient at the hospital.
3168	Late Night Restaurant	Late Night Restaurant	Drama	none	In a small restaurant, which is only open after midnight, a chef known as 'Master' doesn't offer any menus, but is willing to whip up any dish his patrons desire. Every night, the mysterious Master dedicates himself to comforting the woes of his customers, including a gangster, a down-and-out actor, office ladies, a paper boy, and a night worker. Despite the restaurant's unconventional hours and rules, these denizens of the night still keep coming back for more.
3169	Tantei no tantei	Tantei no tantei	Action	none	The cool, beautiful Sasaki Rena is the lone investigator who works for for a medium-sized research agency called Suma Research Agency. Because of her past related to her sister's death, she became a detective that investigates and pursues unscrupulous detectives. Her beloved younger sister was murdered by a stalker and she has been searching for the investigator who caused her sister's death in order to take revenge.
3170	I Remember You	I Remember You	Comedy	none	When a serial killer strikes women who all have a similar appearance, the police department's Special Crime Investigation Team is stumped. While Cha Ji An (Jang Na Ra), an elite detective, and her fellow colleagues are assessing the latest crime scene, the mysterious Lee Hyun (Seo In Guk) shows up and instantly assesses the trademark attributes of the killer. Hyun is a genius criminal profiler with a degree in criminal psychology who received an anonymous email that brought him to the crime scene all the way from the United States. The serial killer seems to be sending a personal message to Hyun with the clues he leaves behind, and Hyun wonders if it could be related to an escaped criminal "monster" from his childhood who killed his father and was responsible for the disappearance of his younger brother. Ji An has known Hyun since childhood and is ecstatic to see her childhood crush again, but Hyun doesn't seem to remember her. With no leads to capture the serial killer, Ji An and her colleagues solicit Hyun's help. Can Hyun and Ji An solve the case and find answers to their pasts? "I Remember You" is a 2015 South Korean drama series directed by No Sang Hoon.
3172	Take Care of the Young Lady	Take Care of the Young Lady	Drama	none	Of the high-rolling top 'hot celebrities' of the wealthy upper class in Korea's high society, Kang Hye Na is the one desired by the men, feared and hated by the women. Being the only successor to the largest conglomerate company, Kang San Group, Kang Hye Na has both the looks and the background. She is the owner of the ‘Lady Castle' and lives a ‘princess-like' life with her servants.Until one day, out of pure coincidence, she comes across Seo Dong Chan who turns her life upside down. Not only does he make her do community service, he even kidnapped her... and now he's the new household manager!!! Even after stepping on him, crushing him and biting him, he still doesn't run away. She may have finally met her match...
3173	Peninsula	Peninsula	Drama	none	In a time somewhere in the future, North and South Korea have joined to form a unified Korean Peninsula. Suh Myung-Joon (Hwang Jeong-min) is the president of this newly-formed, fragile country. He strives to protect the alliance when the two sides begin a vicious battle over the country's natural resources. In this endeavour he's supported by his beautiful wife Lim Jin-Jae (Kim Jung-Eun), and finds a rival in NIS agent Kang Dong-Won (Ji Hoo).
3174	The Greatest Love	The Greatest Love	Drama	none	A romantic comedy about a former star singer named Koo Ae-jeong who finds herself entangled in a relationship with Dokgo Jin, the biggest celebrity in the country.
3175	Mom	Mom	Drama	none	For years, parents made sacrifices to raise their children. And those children usually became good, grateful kids. But that has changed in today's society, where parents have become bitter and disappointed with their children's attitudes. Quite a few children resent their elderly parents who have become a burden to them. More parents are realizing that they have made a grave mistake in their parenting. Now these parents are planning to lead a different kind of life from the generation that came before them. The empty gratitude they receive for giving the best to their kids is no longer acceptable. That explains the growing, unseen social phenomenon of strife between parents and their children. But it is a real, existing problem. This TV miniseries follows the drama of a mother who decides to get back at her children who are disinterested in devoting their affection, time and money on her but are resolutely expecting an inheritance. Who will be the winner in such a battle between parent and children? And will there even be a winner in this revenge drama? The show will stay upbeat with touching moments that will reach a conclusion where two different generations resolve their problems through understanding each other's deepest emotions.
3176	The Scholar Who Walks the Night	The Scholar Who Walks the Night	Drama	none	In Joseon Dynasty, immaculately dressed in scholarly robes, the young nobleman Kim Sung-ryeol lives as a vampire to keep his promise to his friends. When Sung-ryeol still was a human, he found out about the vampire Gwi who sits above the King deciding the next royal line and has resurrected as a vampire trying to fight against Gwi. And now, he is living as a guardian vampire fighting against the evil vampire without losing his human nature.
3177	Champion: The Jeff Beekman Story	Champion: The Jeff Beekman Story	Comedy	none	"Champion: The Jeff Beekman Story" chronicles the everyday experiences of a hyper-competitive but perpetual underdog dad presented like a sports documentary, with commentary and analysis.
3181	The Crusaders	The Crusaders	Drama	none	"The Crusaders", focuses on an extended family of second-generation Africans living in the U.S. who specialize in locating and returning valuable objects stolen from Africa during colonial occupation.
3182	American Gods	American Gods	Drama	none	Starz picked up "American Gods" which is an adaptation of Gaiman's 2001 book about a war between new and old gods
3185	Highway Thru Hell	Highway Thru Hell	Action	9.0	The men of Jamie Davis Heavy Rescue fight to keep open some of the most economically important, most traveled and most inhospitable trucking routes in North America.
3186	WWE Breaking Ground	WWE Breaking Ground	Action	none	"WWE Breaking Ground" will look at the WWE Performance Center and what it takes to become a WWE Superstar.
3189	Downward Dog	Downward Dog	Comedy	none	"Downward Dog" is a single-camera, half hour comedy about a woman and her dog.
3191	I Didn't Do It	I Didn't Do It	Comedy	none	Each episode of "I Didn't Do It" starts at the end, sort of. As the episode begins, an adventure has just ended for a group of five teenage friends. The gang then tries to explain, through flashbacks, exactly what happened on their adventure that inevitably went haywire. Booksmart Lindy is the quick thinker of the group who often saves the day when they are in trouble, while her confident twin brother, Logan, has street smarts. Fashionista Jasmine, voice of reason Garrett and oddball Delia are the twins' friends who make up the rest of the group.
3191	I Didn't Do It	The Pilot	Comedy	none	The five best friends throw a house party that spirals out of control.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Fireman Freddy's Spaghetti Station	Comedy	none	The close-knit pals find themselves at their favorite childhood party station covered in spaghetti sauce and surrounded by a huge birthday party of disgruntled fourth-graders.
3191	I Didn't Do It	The New Guy	Comedy	none	When the five pals realize their mistake in befriending the new guy in school, they search for ways to "break up" with him.
3191	I Didn't Do It	If It Tastes Like a Brussels Sprout	Comedy	none	When Jasmine and Logan invent a spray that makes vegetables taste even more delicious, the five pals get a chance to put their entrepreneur skills to the test.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Lindylicious	Comedy	none	When Lindy's smoothie creation makes it to the Rumblejuice menu, she sets out to make her drink a bigger splash in Chicago. Meanwhile, Garrett goes undercover to solve a popcorn conspiracy at their neighborhood movie theater.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Snow Problem	Comedy	none	When Logan finds a great "cheap-on" coupon rate for a ski chalet, the five pals head to the slopes but soon discover why the cabin was such a steal.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Dance Fever	Comedy	none	While most of the gang is preoccupied with their dates to the school dance, Lindy is busy dodging her arch nemesis, Sherri, and her wild attempts to achieve the school's perfect attendance record.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Now Museum, Now You Don't	Comedy	none	Logan and Lindy's sibling rivalry gets heated when they both land jobs at the Chicago Museum of Art. Meanwhile, Delia is convinced she is a decedent of Nefertiti and recruits Jasmine and Garrett to help her collect a DNA sample from the mummy exhibit.
3191	I Didn't Do It	In the Doghouse With the White House	Comedy	none	A school trip to Washington, D.C. lands the kids in trouble with the White House when the First Dog is stolen and the five pals are at the center of the investigation.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Phone Challenge	Comedy	none	When Logan's cell phone dies from a smoothie accident, he starts to freak out. To show their support and that they can survive without their phones, the friends make a group pact to give up their cell phones for 72 hours.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Twin It to Win It	Comedy	none	Lindy and Logan try to earn money by participating in a twin telepathy study, but things get out of hand when Logan enlists Garrett to help him rig the results.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Earth Boys Are Icky	Comedy	none	Delia is convinced boys on earth are too ordinary for her and creates a strange device, partly developed by NASA, to communicate with outer space and attract an extraterrestrial boyfriend. Meanwhile, Logan finds himself in an even weirder relationship when he discovers his new girlfriend Danica is the vice principal's daughter.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Lindy Nose Best	Comedy	none	After Lindy vows not to interfere with her friends' business, everyone seem to get into even crazier messes - Jasmine and Logan began to 'fake-date' to show he is 'boyfriend material' to impress his crush and Delia winds up taking Garrett's spot on the football team.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Ball or Nothing	Comedy	none	When Lindy and Logan accidentally destroy their father's football signed by NFL Hall of Famer Dick Butkus, they go on a mission to track down the Chicago football legend and have him sign a new ball.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Logan's Run	Comedy	none	When Logan learns his friends think he runs very awkwardly and strange, he fakes an injury to get out of Lindy's charity jog-a-thon for the endangered snot otter. Meanwhile, Delia inadvertently gets Brenda fired from Rumble Juice and tries to find the inept employee another job.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Bad News	Comedy	none	Jasmine has been tapped to give the school's morning video announcements. Unfortunately, her best friends and the rest of the student body find her approach to the news pretty boring..until Logan steps in as her co-anchor.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Next of Pumpkin	Comedy	none	Garrett is ready to meet his secret crush at the Holla!-Ween fest, but his disco ball costume winds up getting him stuck belly up in a corn maze. Meanwhile, Delia has grown a 10-foot pumpkin in hopes of beating her arch nemesis Great Granny Wrinkles for the biggest pumpkin award.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Bicycle Thief	Comedy	none	When Lindy tries to help Garrett retrieve his stolen bike, they find themselves at odds with the law.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Merry Miss Sis	Comedy	none	The Watson twin's sibling rivalry reaches an all-time high during their family's holiday party, leading Logan to wish he never had a sister. A special angel grants his wish and shows Logan how different his family and friends would be if Lindy wasn't around.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Slumber Partay!	Comedy	none	Lindy tries to throw an epic slumber party with Delia and Jasmine but her plans land the three best friends on the other side of the law. Meanwhile, Logan helps Garret turn his family garage into their own man cave and the two wind up getting trapped inside by a wild animal.
3191	I Didn't Do It	The Not-so-secret Lives Of Mosquitos And Muskrats	Comedy	none	Lindy and her friends become outcasts when their fellow Muskrats learn Lindy went on a date with a student from a rival high school. Meanwhile, Garrett discovers he's the only one of the five friends who hasn't experienced a first kiss.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Lindy Goes to the Dogs!	Comedy	none	Lindy falls in love with a puppy she is fostering and has a hard time letting him go to his new family. Meanwhile, Jasmine and Delia get extremely competitive over their design projects in Home Ec.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Logan Finds Out!	Comedy	none	After Logan gets dumped by his girlfriend, Garrett, Lindy and Delia inadvertently learn Jasmine likes him. In fear he may not feel the same, Jaz begs her friends to keep her secret.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Food Fight	Comedy	none	Lindy is excited about her new gig as the school's food critic until she dines at a family restaurant and the food is terrible. Meanwhile, Jasmine gets a babysitting job and winds up competing with her nine-year-old charge.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Stevie Likes Lindy	Comedy	none	Stevie Moops, an obnoxious rich kid, falls for Lindy and tries to win her heart with outrageous and expensive gifts. Meanwhile, Delia discovers Garrett is hiding the fact that he got his driver's license.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Falling for... Who?	Comedy	none	Logan finally figures out his feelings for Jasmine during the school's big fall dance.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Lindy and Logan's Brrrrthday!	Comedy	none	Jasmine, Delia and Garrett set out to make Lindy and Logan's 16th birthday extra special, but a mishap at a dog show and a terrible snow storm threaten their party plans.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Cheer Up Girls	Comedy	none	When Lindy, Jasmine and Delia learn their school refuses to have cheerleaders for the girls' sports teams, they take a stand and form a rogue cheerleading squad of their own. Meanwhile, Logan's new gig as a superhero for kids' birthday parties leads to a few surprises for Rumblejuice, including a visit by country musician RaeLynn.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Lindy in the Middle	Comedy	none	Lindy tries to play matchmaker for Garrett and the new girl in school, who seems to be even more socially awkward than Garrett.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Elementary, My Dear Watson	Comedy	none	When Betty's foghorn from her days in the Coast Guard is stolen from Rumble Juice, Logan volunteers to solve the crime and everyone is a suspect.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Lindy Breaks Garrett	Comedy	none	When Lindy's plans for a girls day at the spa conflicts with Delia and Jasmine's double date with their boyfriends, the single bestie convinces her brother Logan and Garrett into spending a BFF day at the spa.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Doggie Daddy	Comedy	none	When Lindy's latest foster dog Lucky appears to like Logan more, the twins compete for the dog's affection. Meanwhile, Jasmine accidentally sells Garrett's vintage action-figure at a garage sale.
3191	I Didn't Do It	Drum Beats, Heart Beats	Comedy	none	Jasmine starts spending time with Logan during drum lessons and realizes that she has feelings for him.
3191	I Didn't Do It	The Doctor Is In	Comedy	none	Garrett starts work at a fast food restaurant; Lindy crushes on Dr. Gabriel, a veterinarian, and is upset that Logan hangs out with him.
3203	Crowded	Crowded	Comedy	none	No more sex, booze and paying the bills naked. After 20 years of parenting, empty nesters Mike (Patrick Warburton, "Seinfeld") and Martina (Carrie Preston, "True Blood") are finally reclaiming their wild side. But when both of their two grown daughters unexpectedly move back in and Mike's parents scratch their plans to spend their golden years in Florida, their roost is full again. From Executive Producer Sean Hayes, this new (and very timely) family comedy proves that life is crazy with a full house, especially the second time around.
3204	Cradle To Grave	Cradle To Grave	Comedy	none	In Cradle To Grave, 15-year-old Danny Baker is the guide through the ups and downs of life with the family. Fred ‘Spud' Baker is a proud south London docker with a penchant for cheeky scheming. Wife Bet loves him deeply but longs for the family to go 'straight' and play by the rules. With eldest daughter Sharon's looming wedding, the docks facing closure, and Danny's struggles to get closer to the opposite sex, times are tough.
3205	Boy Meets Girl	Boy Meets Girl	Comedy	none	Comedy series about love across the age gap.
3205	Boy Meets Girl	Episode 1	Comedy	none	Leo is having a terrible day, his younger brother decides to take him out for a drink to meet women. Leo's day begins to brighten when he falls into a conversation with an older woman.
3205	Boy Meets Girl	Episode 2	Comedy	none	Leo and Judy are looking forward to some quality time together with a low-key Sunday lunch. Their plans are ruined when Leo's family turn up to the pub along with Judy's Mum, Peggy and her sister Jackie. Judy feels she is able to share her story with Leo's family as the day progresses.
3205	Boy Meets Girl	Episode 3	Comedy	none	Leo and Judy got to see a new exhibition at an art gallery. The pair were hoping to view some watercolour paintings however they end up viewing some provocative photographs instead. The exhibition prompts Leo to ask Judy what was involved when she transitioned. He also wants to know if she is still able to have sex. Elsewhere, Peggy and Jackie pop to the hair salon to see Pam.
3206	Step Dave	Step Dave	Comedy	none	Meet Dave, a 24-year-old Kiwi slacker whose life is turned upside down when he meets the woman of his dreams, Cara 15 years his senior with three kids and some serious baggage in tow.
3216	Gibraltar: Britain in the Sun	Gibraltar: Britain in the Sun	Travel	none	Documentary series following the lives of the residents of Gibraltar, the British Overseas Territory at the mouth of the Mediterranean Sea.
3228	Homicide Hunter: Lt. Joe Kenda	Homicide Hunter: Lt. Joe Kenda	Drama	none	"Homicide Hunter: Lt. Joe Kenda" is a new investigative series of murder cases told through the personal experience of retired detective, Lieutenant Joe Kenda. With his personal interviews and compelling storytelling style, Kenda captivates with the details of a different investigation each week - from the racing adrenaline he felt when receiving an initial homicide call to the satisfaction of closing the case file. Making it unique, this series delivers the emotional and psychological effects of murder on the investigator himself.
3228	Homicide Hunter: Lt. Joe Kenda	Bad Blood	Drama	none	A gruesome clue leads police Lt. Joe Kenda's team to an unlikely suspect when a popular U.S. Army veteran is found bleeding to death in a parking lot.
3228	Homicide Hunter: Lt. Joe Kenda	Eye of the Beholder	Drama	none	Lt. Joe Kenda encounters one of the most appalling crime scenes of his career which leads to one of the most unexpected of killers; a young soldier dies from a bullet to the neck in what appears to be a suicide.
3228	Homicide Hunter: Lt. Joe Kenda	Dead on Target	Drama	none	Police Lt. Joe Kenda recognizes the hallmark of a sniper when a young father-to-be is shot dead in broad daylight by a single bullet fired from afar.
3228	Homicide Hunter: Lt. Joe Kenda	Dead Weight	Drama	none	While investigating a seemingly random attack that left Mary Moebus dead, Lt. Joe Kenda uncovers a cryptic note that leads him to a bachelor pad with a bedroom soaked in blood.
3228	Homicide Hunter: Lt. Joe Kenda	Door No. 12	Drama	none	When Louis Matos and Colleen Johnson are gunned down, Lt. Joe Kenda finds a terrified eyewitness who played an unwitting role in the bloodbath.
3228	Homicide Hunter: Lt. Joe Kenda	Loose Cannon	Drama	none	A rampage shooter kills a 24-year-old woman while wounding her 2-year-old child, who is left clinging to life.
3228	Homicide Hunter: Lt. Joe Kenda	Mr. LA	Drama	none	When a young man is shot dead at a house party, Lt. Joe Kenda must interview countless suspects until a weird clue leads him to a self-styled gangster.
3228	Homicide Hunter: Lt. Joe Kenda	Blood on the Tracks	Drama	none	Lt. Joe Kenda must listen to a voice from beyond the grave in order to solve the case of a decapitated body found on train tracks; Kenda exposes a family secret after a girl's body is found in a basement.
3228	Homicide Hunter: Lt. Joe Kenda	Too Young to Die	Drama	none	After an ambush at a hamburger stand leaves a teenager dead, Lt. Joe Kenda must penetrate rumors in order to zero in on his prime suspect, then a surprise witness blows the case wide open.
3249	Lewis	Lewis	Drama	9.0	A spin-off of the popular series Inspector Morse, a special two-hour drama picked up five years after the series ended. It is now continuing in its own series, with Lewis and Hathaway investigating in Morse's old stomping ground of Oxford.
3249	Lewis	Pilot	Drama	9.0	DI Lewis returns to Oxford after several years absence and is reluctantly assigned by his new boss, DCS Innocent, to the murder of an Oxford mathematics student who was shot while participating in a sleep study. Lewis must decipher a cryptic clue left in an old case file by his former boss, Chief Inspector Morse.
3249	Lewis	Whom the Gods Would Destroy	Drama	9.0	DI Lewis and DS Hathaway investigate the murder of Dean Greely. As the investigation continues, they discover that Greely and three other men had formed a club during their Oxford student days, the Sons of the Twice Born. Today, the men have little contact with one another and initially deny that their club existed. When a second member of the foursome is murdered, it becomes apparent the they have a secret, one from 30 years ago and that someone is out for revenge.
3249	Lewis	Old School Ties	Drama	9.0	DI Lewis is less than pleased when he and DS Hathaway are assigned to protect Nicky Turnbull, a former criminal turned successful author. Turnbull had actually cheated two Oxford colleges in his computer scam and had received death threats. Turnbull is everything Lewis dislikes but he grits his teeth does the job. Turnbull is in Oxford to make a speech at the request of the Students Union but things take a serious turn when Jo Gilchrist, a student and a member of Turnbull's reception committee, is found strangled. Gilchrist wrote for a student newspaper and was about to expose a professor's exam scam. When Turnbull is shot in the courtyard of his hotel, Lewis realizes that the man's wife was his first girlfriend. He also learns that they were on the verge of getting a divorce.
3249	Lewis	Expiation	Drama	9.0	When an Oxford housewife is found hanged in her home, Lewis and Hathaway unearth a far darker murder case than the initial suicide verdict suggests.
3249	Lewis	And the Moonbeams Kiss the Sea	Drama	9.0	At first the murders of Reg Chapman, a handy man at the Bodleian Library and gambling addict, and Nell Buckley, a popular Art student, seem unrelated. However, it transpires that Chapmen stole parchment from the library upon which Nell and another student persuaded Philip, a brilliant, autistic young painter, to innocently forge letters by the poet Shelley for the international collectors' market. When both victims, for different reasons, threatened to expose the mastermind behind the scam, they were killed.
3249	Lewis	Music to Die For	Drama	9.0	Lewis investigates the garroting of an aging Oxford don planning an Wagnerian festival and discovers a tenuous connection to his former boss, Inspector Morse.
3249	Lewis	Life Born of Fire	Drama	9.0	Lady Hugh, the intolerant Bible-fanatic president of Oxford's Mayfield college, turns against anything gay. Shortly after popular, decent student Will McEwan shoots himself in the head in St. Mark's church, after waving the revolver at Reverend Francis King, who is himself found torturously murdered by a hot poker in the head the next day. The link between both victims is The Garden, a pious society offering 'Christian answers to youngsters' contemporary questions', its emblem being a Fenix, which both Will's suicide note 'I lost my way between Getsemane and Calvary' and a message on King's door 'Life born of fire' refer to. Lewis's partner, Detective Sergeant James Hathaway, was a friend of gentle gay Will in school and again at university, but his brutally gay-bashing father Henry McEwan apparently repudiates Will posthumously finding out and his mother believed he was getting steady with a nice girl. Lewis keeps digging in all those circles, discovering more secrets and deceit. More blood is to be spilled, and the meaning of names proves crucial...
3249	Lewis	The Great and the Good	Drama	9.0	Lewis and Hathaway become involved in the drugging and rape of a schoolgirl and discover that it is connected to several bizarre murders.
3249	Lewis	The Allegory of Love	Drama	9.0	Robbie Lewis attends a book launch for a fantasy novel penned by prodigious young research fellow Dorian Crane, with whose adoptive mother, Ginny, Robbie's boss Jean is trying to match-make him. Later that night a Czech hotel worker Marina is found murdered. Professor Deering, the uncle of Dorian's fiancee and muse, Alice, confesses to having seen Marina on a foreign website and paid for her to come to Oxford, finding her work. However, as a supposed gay man, he is keen to hush up his sex life with her. Robbie believes that Marina was killed in mistake for Alice and then Dorian is also murdered, in order to preserve a secret well beyond Robbie's imagination.
3249	Lewis	The Quality of Mercy	Drama	9.0	Lewis investigates the murder of student Richard Scott. He was killed just before premiering The Merchant of Venice. During the investigation Lewis gets personally involved.
3249	Lewis	The Point of Vanishing	Drama	9.0	Steven Mullan, a former religious maniac who served time for running atheist writer Tom Rattenbury off the road, crippling Tom's daughter Jessica in the process, is murdered. Or rather his flatmate, who swapped identities with him to escape the wrath of his lover's husband, is. Then the real Steven Mullan is killed and Tom commits suicide, claiming he killed both lads. But Tom had an alibi and Jessica and Steven were closer than anybody guessed. Who has engineered the cover-up?
3249	Lewis	Counter Culture Blues	Drama	9.0	Thirty-five years after she supposedly drowned herself, rock star Esme Ford returns to Oxford to secretly re-establish her band Midnight Addiction with former members Richie, Mack and Franco. The secrecy extends to the band's reaction when an orphaned teenage boy is killed outside Richie's house. Then ex-roadie Bone and Richie's daughter's music tutor, who used to write the band's sleeve-notes, are also murdered. Midnight Addiction may well once have been the real thing but several people are definitely not what they first seem to be.
3249	Lewis	The Dead of Winter	Drama	9.0	Dr Stephen Black is found murdered on a tour bus visiting Crevecourt Hall, where Hathaway's father was once estate manager so the sergeant knows the family. The murder weapon,a candlestick,is found in the family chapel and the priest once knew the victim,who was seen in the grounds a week earlier by Hopkiss the butler and Lord Mortmaigne's nephew Philip. Then the current estate manager dies,an apparent suicide,and Black seems to have known his wife Linda,who left him six years earlier.Whilst Lewis fears Hathaway's friendship with the family -especially daughter Scarlett,making a wealthy marriage to save family fortunes - makes him partial and gives him leave Black's colleague Frances Woodville tells Lewis that Black was after alleged buried treasure,dating from the Civil War, at Crevecourt Hall. No treasure is unearthed but dark family secrets are,relating to the actual fate of Linda and the reason for Black's death.
3249	Lewis	Dark Matter	Drama	9.0	Professor Andrew Crompton,an amateur astrologist, is found dead in the university observatory after visiting a priest for confession. A note-book belonging to student Jez Haydock is found by the body and Jez's tutor, Gwen Raeburn,is quick to go through the dead man's belongings. The widow believed her husband was having an affair and obsequious porter Roger Temple names Ella Ransome, a G.P.,as the other woman - and then she too is killed. Roger proves to be a manipulator though not a murderer but his father knows the identity of the killer. He's a retired porter,now in a home where he is regarded as senile and deluded but Lewis needs him to get to the truth.
3249	Lewis	Your Sudden Death Question	Drama	9.0	Six couples arrive at out of term Chaucer College for a quiz weekend with a five grand prize. One of the contestants,womanizing know-all Ethan Croft,is murdered and another,Robyn Strong, is an old flame of his, disappointed he failed to recognize her. Ethan was a brilliant linguist but he was sacked from the college years earlier after an affair with a student, now married to another quizzer,whilst Eve,Robyn's quiz partner, is the next victim,after she has been heard arguing with Ethan. Passion, however, is not the motive, the killer being one whose guilty secret was exposed by Ethan's language skills over a past business transaction - with at least two suspects in the frame.
3249	Lewis	Falling Darkness	Drama	9.0	During a Halloween one of Dr. Hobson's old college roommates is found with a stake through her heart and a garlic bulb in her mouth.
3249	Lewis	Old, Unhappy, Far Off Things	Drama	9.0	As the last remaining all-women's college in Oxford is bidding farewell to one of its most distinguished professors, murder rears its ugly head.
3249	Lewis	Wild Justice	Drama	9.0	During an ecumenical conference in formerly Catholic St. Gerard's college, the poisoning of a female black American bishop triggers a series of bizarre murders.
3249	Lewis	The Mind Has Mountains	Drama	9.0	Student Amy Katz is murdered whilst taking part in a clinical trial for anti-depressant drugs, overseen by Dr. Alex Gansa, her psychiatrist following her soldier brother's death in Afghanistan. Amy captivated the other young male volunteers, including love-lorn Adam Douglas and Jack Collins - to the intense hatred of Jack's girlfriend Karen - but Amy was in love with the married Gansa. Several suspicious incidents cause Lewis to investigate the doctor.
3249	Lewis	The Gift of Promise	Drama	9.0	Andrea De Ritter, founder of an organization that supports gifted children, is murdered after making a presentation to Zoe Suskin, only fifteen but an Oxford student. That night Andrea had resisted the advances of young student Elmo Woodeson as well as sending a copy of the autobiography of former spy mistress Dame Grace Orde to Zoe's publisher father Leon. She had added inside the book "Who Killed Mary? See Chapter 8." Both Leon and Elmo are killed shortly after and Zoe's tutor Donald Voss is poisoned though not fatally. Suskin had punched Liam Cullen, Andrea's lover...
3249	Lewis	The Soul of Genius	Drama	9.0	Whilst digging in the woods botanist Liv Nash unearths the corpse of academic Murray Hawes,a man seemingly obsessed with solving the riddle of the Snark in the Lewis Carroll poem. Just before his death he had spent two hundred thousand pounds on an original copy of the poem which he felt held the key and was financing himself as a medical guinea pig to Dr Alex Falconer. Forensics show that he was killed in the Oxford Botanic Gardens and carried to the woods and amateur sleuth Michelle Marber places Falconer in the gardens at the time though he confesses to an affair ...
3249	Lewis	Generation of Vipers	Drama	9.0	When lonely feminist lecturer Miranda Thornton is found dead after a video she submitted to a dating agency is viciously made public on a scurrilous website,the first conclusion is suicide. But,with her answer phone removed and finger prints wiped,foul play is suspected. Miranda opposed property developer David Connelly buying land belonging to her college and had been visited,via the website by unhappily married journalist Francis Mitchell, though he states that Miranda was dead when he visited her. Embittered ex-student Sebastian Dromgoole admits to posting the ...
3249	Lewis	Fearful Symmetry	Drama	9.0	Nick and Honey Addams return home to find their baby-sitter,Jess Lake,murdered. She was tied to a bed and indeed often posed for bondage and fetish shots for photographer Marion Hammond. She also worked in a university lab with her boyfriend Gideon's father Dr. Massey,who is divorced from his unfeeling wife Stanza. Honey admits that Nick does not have an alibi but he seems to have no link to the next victim,Jess's house mate Silas,whose corpse is also arranged in the style of one of Marion's photos. Lewis finds himself tracking a killer who is a seemingly respectable ...
3249	Lewis	The Indelible Stain	Drama	9.0	American academic Paul Yelland faces accusations of racism when he presents his theory on Criminal Dangerousness to an Oxford college and is later found murdered. Married professors Anne and Robert Fraser claim they invited him to raise their department's profile and Robert,who is having an affair with student Nina, points Lewis towards Myra Bennett's anti-fascist group. Yelland also dealt in antiques and had angered two clients with a forgery and furthermore turned out to be the father of a staff member,whose mother he deserted when pregnant. Then Nina is killed
3249	Lewis	Down Among the Fearful (1)	Drama	9.0	Lewis and Hathaway are called in to investigate the death of Reuben Beatty who works at the University of Oxford's Department of Psychology. He has been discovered dead injected by etorphine, a paralysing agent in the offices of psychic ‘Randolph James'.
3249	Lewis	Down Among the Fearful (2)	Drama	9.0	Lewis and Hobson are looking at the body of Vicki Walmsley as a theft of etorphine is reported by the Garsington Equine Centre. The drug was last used a year earlier on a horse that hurt its teenage rider, Joshua, the brother-in-law of Reuben Beatty, the first murder victim. Joshua's mother Jane ends up admitting that she saw Reuben on the day of his murder. Polly, Reuben's wife, hands over her husband's appointment book, which reveals an unknown client who went by the initials of ‘K.D.' Lewis and Hathaway look through Crane's files and find a vital clue that leads them towards the murderer.
3249	Lewis	The Ramblin' Boy (1)	Drama	9.0	Hathaway is away enjoying a holiday in Kosovo and Lewis goes to see Louise Cornish, who is upset that her husband Jack has walked out on the family. An embalmed body is found dumped by an isolated farm track and Funeral director, Brian Miller identifies the body with local doctor Matt Whitby, confirming the man died of cancer. After the crematorium confirms that a body was burned, Lewis is left with one burning question, who was actually inside the coffin?
3249	Lewis	The Ramblin' Boy (2)	Drama	9.0	Liam Jay is in intensive care and Lewis and Alex believe that he has information about the death of Matt Whiby and the mysterious cremation. It is revealed by Emma Barnes that Johnny Jay, Liam's father, was at the fateful supper party and he missing as well.
3249	Lewis	Intelligent Design (1)	Drama	9.0	The body of Richard Seager a former Biochemist, is found under a Jaguar Mark 2. The day before, the victim had been collected from prison by his wife, Martha Seager after serving a year for causing death by dangerous driving. Before his death, Seager managed to scratch the number ‘500' into the car's paintwork.
3249	Lewis	Intelligent Design (2)	Drama	9.0	Lewis, Hathaway and Hobson look around the new crime scene as Carl Drew, Stella Drew, Martha Seager, Adam Tibbit, Graham Yardley and Adam's girlfriend Rachel Cliff wait anxiously. The body is revealed to be that of Soo-Min Chong, a Korean student who vanished 15 years ago. Seager was the last person to see her alive, Carl Drew was her boyfriend, and she was Martha's organ scholar at the chapel. Hathaway is later shocked to discover Adam's body at the school, with a simple suicide note. Carl, Adam's former teacher believes that he must have pushed the boy too hard. Forensics end up revealing a close relative of Adam's had been in Seager's car. After Martha is found stabbed to death, Lewis and Hathaway start to close in on the killer who is becoming more desperate to cover their tracks.
3249	Lewis	Entry Wounds (1)	Drama	9.0	Retirement does not seem to be suiting Lewis, so when a call comes from Innocent to take up his badge and rejoin the force, he doesn't hesitate. Elsewhere, Hathaway is wading into his first murder mystery. It began with an arson attack on a hunting lodge but soon enough Hathaway and DS Maddox have a dead neurosurgeon to deal with.
3249	Lewis	Entry Wounds (2)	Drama	9.0	It soon becomes obvious that the case has everything to do with Alastair's failure to save the life of a badly hurt teenager, Nabeel Sira, during surgery. The hospital staff have closed ranks and the boy's parents are considering their options.A second murder then happens.
3249	Lewis	The Lions Of Nemea (1)	Drama	9.0	The team start to investigate the shocking murder of an American classics student called Rose Anderson whose body is discovered in the canal with stab wounds to the neck and abdomen.
3249	Lewis	The Lions Of Nemea (2)	Drama	9.0	After a difficult start, Lewis and Hathaway's partnership seems to have gained some semblance of normality. DS Maddox has become a part of the team. Her abilities will be put to the test when an investigation begins on the brutal murder of an American classics student Rose Anderson Her body is hauled from the canal with a stand wound to the neck and abdomen. Suspicious soon fall on astrophysics professor, Felix Garwood who had recently broken off an affair with Rose. However, Felix was married to Rose's supervisor, Philippa Garwood. Could the jealous wife have committed such a murder?
3249	Lewis	Beyond Good and Evil (1)	Drama	9.0	In 2001, Detective Inspector Robbie Lewis arrested Graham Lawrie for the brutal murder of three police officers. The murders ceased; Lawrie was given a whole life sentence. During the trial, however, he was incarcerated in a secure psychiatric hospital. For Lewis it felt as if the nightmare was over. However thirteen years later, the prosecution's case is falling apart. The forensics that were used to convict Lawrie have come into question and an appeal is launched for him to walk free. Lewis is fearing the worst will happen but nothing can prepare him for the resurrection of the original murders.
3249	Lewis	Beyond Good and Evil (2)	Drama	9.0	Hathaway and Maddox continue to investigate the murder of Travis as the trail leads back to Lewis's original case. The two detectives attempt to prevent another murder and Lewis sees himself isolated and alone with his reputation in jeopardy.
3250	Rake	Rake	Drama	none	How we wish we could write that, since we last met our hero he has found the road to Damascus instead of the road to perdition; that he has learned to love wisely instead of too often, and that going another 25 grand into debt to back a 'sure thing' roughie at Moonee Valley paid off. The nag didn't even finish the race.Sadly, that epicentre of chaos otherwise known as Cleaver Greene has learned nothing in this time and hasn't changed one whit. If anything, he's a little worse. Like any genuine addict, Cleaver is on a constant search for higher highs and faster rushes.When we first re-discover Cleaver, he is in the back of a limo with a woman he really, really shouldn't be with. When her husband finds out about their affair, he resolves to make it his life's work to destroy our hapless hero.But for Cleaver, foes are a dime a dozen. The Shadow Attorney-General (none other than Harry-Sorry-David Potter) still has Cleaver firmly in his sights and, of course, Cleaver can't help but give David ample opportunities to gun him down.Money for Cleaver is, as ever, too tight to mention. Fortunately for him, his biggest creditor, Kirsty Corella (imprisoned crime boss Mick Corella's wife), has taken a bit of a shine to Cleaver and is more than happy to cut a generous deal... This isn't entirely convenient as his ex-wife, Wendy, has been reluctantly entertaining the odd romantic thought about him.Cleaver occasionally wonders if Missy is entertaining similar thoughts. But he doesn't have a clue where she is. She could be anywhere on the planet by now. And with anyone.Meanwhile, Barney and Scarlet are throwing all their might (maybe a little too much) into resurrecting their marriage and becoming perfect parents. Of course, for Scarlet, this means they have to have a life without Cleaver... which proves to be a little difficult for everyone.All this whilst Cleaver defends his usual array of suicide bombers, thieves, murderers, sex offenders, traitors, and psychotic school girls.More than most people (more than anyone perhaps), Cleaver Greene believes in the Chinese adage that it's a curse to live in interesting times... the problem is his times seem to be perpetually interesting.
3250	Rake	R v Murray	Drama	none	Barrister Cleaver Greene's life continues to spiral out of control - the latest blow being the beating he's just received from Mick Corella's stand-over man Col for unpaid gambling debts. As usual, Cleaver retreats to the arms of his lover/friend/confidant Missy, a high class call girl who works at a brothel also frequented by Cleaver's friend, Attorney General, Joe Sandilands. While trying to secure a room in chambers and fend off an on-going unpaid tax case against him, Cleaver is presented by best friend and solicitor Barney with a case he can't resist - the defence of Professor Graham Murray, a world renowned economist accused of cannibalism. Meanwhile, Barney's wife Scarlet - who herself has had dalliances with Cleaver - confronts him with the news that she has fallen out of love with her husband. On his next visit to the brothel, Cleaver is devastated to discover that Missy has quit her job and left no contact details, so he turns to his psychologist ex-wife Wendy for solace. Wendy commiserates, but reminds Cleaver of their son Fuzz's unpaid school fees. Fuzz, meanwhile, draws his indulgent father into a conspiracy to cover up his activities with his new girlfriend. After an accidental meeting in the city, Missy sternly rejects Cleaver, tells him that their relationship was strictly professional and she's now studying law. He is heartbroken. Meanwhile, Cleaver and Barney discover that cannibalism is not considered a crime in New South Wales, so Attorney General Sandilands has engineered a charge of murder against Professor Murray. Cleaver sees his chance - Murray might be a cannibal, but he's not a murderer! As the prosecution paints a picture of clever predator, Cleaver uses the professor's wife to elicit sympathy from the jury and to highlight her husband's insanity. Cleaver is surprised and overjoyed when Missy makes an unexpected visit to his flat and admits that she does owe him an explanation...and, she tells him her real name...Melissa.
3250	Rake	R v Marx	Drama	none	Cleaver's gambling debts are mounting, but on the upside, and much to the chagrin of tax lawyer David Potter who's been in constant pursuit, Cleaver has managed to get the case against him adjourned once again. But trouble is brewing with Barney and Scarlet's marriage and Cleaver is the meat in the sandwich. After their recent heart to heart, Scarlet turns up at Cleaver's fl at and hints at an affair, hiding when Barney arrives a few minutes later. Meanwhile, Cleaver and Barney take on a case of jury tampering, where Lucy Marx, an attractive 40-year-old - a detail that doesn't go unnoticed by Cleaver - has made headlines by seducing a juror for information after her daughter is found guilty of murder. But Cleaver is left reeling when Missy turns up at a restaurant on the arm of his nemesis David Potter, who later makes headlines himself when he tackles a gunman, gets shot, and becomes a 'hero'. Meanwhile, Cleaver reluctantly agrees to let his son Fuzz use his flat for assignations with his girlfriend, while Fuzz's mum is kept in the dark. Barney, convinced that Lucy Marx is right about her daughter's innocence, sets off to unearth the real murderer, but doesn't quite get the result he was looking for. With a tip-off from his prosecutor wife Scarlet, Barney warns Cleaver that Lucy Marx is using him. As Cleaver tries to manipulate the court case, his relationship with Lucy Marx is revealed, and makes him, yet again, the target of investigation by the Bar Association. As he drowns his sorrows in a local bar, Cleaver looks up to see Scarlet standing outside in the rain looking at him longingly. Can life get any more complicated for Cleaver Greene?
3250	Rake	R v Dana	Drama	none	Consumed by remorse after sleeping with his best friend's wife Scarlet (Danielle Cormack), and facing his ninth appearance before the Professional Conduct Committee of the Bar Association, Cleaver's (Richard Roxburgh) day only gets worse when he's confronted with a front-page story declaring his nemesis David Potter (Matt Day) a hero. When a dispirited Barney (Russell Dykstra) arrives at Cleaver's rooms ready to employ a private detective to find out if Scarlet's having an affair, a panicked and guilt-ridden Cleaver tries to reassure him that his marriage is safe. But he finds a welcome distraction in the brief Barney delivers involving a famous chef charged with bigamy. The chef, George Dana (Lech Mackiewicz), has two restaurants - one in the city, and one in the Blue Mountains - and a wife and family to go with both. Meanwhile, David Potter leaves hospital in a blaze of glory and asks Missy (Adrienne Pickering) to move in with him. She promises to stay at least until he's well, still avoiding his questions about her past. However, Cleaver is still dealing with his own woes - begging Scarlet not to leave Barney, and confessing his misdeed to ex-wife Wendy, who is not as understanding as he'd hoped. When Scarlet decides to tell Barney that there's someone else, it's his best friend Cleaver he turns to and they go out to drown their sorrows. Cleaver can't believe his day could get any worse when Missy and David arrive at the same restaurant to have dinner with friends. Meanwhile, back in the courtroom, Cleaver's bigamy case is going well...that is until word reaches the court that along with George Dana's most recent restaurant in Newcastle, there is another...Mrs Dana. As Cleaver receives another late night phone call from Missy, they're both left wondering what it is they can't let go of.
3250	Rake	R v Lorton	Drama	none	Cleaver takes on a case defending Denny Lorton - known as Pica - a once famous but now homeless artist who is accused of murdering a 15-year-old male prostitute in a city back lane. Still struggling with his Scarlet-related demons, and nervous about working with Barney on the case, Cleaver arrives drunk to an art gallery event, making a spectacle of himself in front of Missy and David. But Missy has her own problems as she continues the charade about her past in her new life with David. When David introduces her to Attorney General Joe Sandilands - a client from her Club Jules days - her heart skips a beat. But Joe keeps schtum. With Joe encouraging David to run for office, Missy finds herself at a parliamentary garden party and out of her depth, and once again turns to Cleaver for support. Meanwhile, the atmosphere between Scarlet and Cleaver is less sexual and more combative, while at home Barney gives Scarlet the cold shoulder. At a school visit to discuss their son's lack of progress, Cleaver and Wendy find one ray of hope when Fuzz's English teacher sings his praises. But they are soon to discover the attractive Fiona is teaching Fuzz much more than English. Meanwhile, Cleaver, believing in his client Lorton's innocence, manages to win the court case by shifting suspicion to the prosecution's key witness Stanley Shrimpton. Soon after however, he is given information about Lorton's past, and shaken to the core, decides to exact his own punishment on Lorton. But his day gets even worse and he loses his temper as Fuzz arrives with Fiona, expecting his father to be his usual indulgent self. Meanwhile at Barney's insistence, Scarlet relents and gives him the name of the man she slept with...except it's a name that implicates his best friend Cleaver.
3250	Rake	R v Chandler	Drama	none	The seemingly perfect life of obstetrician Dr. Bruce Chandler (Sam Neill) is turned upside down when his briefcase is stolen, and a very incriminating DVD finds its way to the local police. Meanwhile, Cleaver (Richard Roxburgh) is miserable when Barney (Russell Dykstra) won't talk to him after his lapse of judgement with Scarlet, and he runs once again to ex- wife Wendy (Caroline Brazier) for solace. But the reception is cool - not only from Wendy, who thinks it's his fault that Fuzz (Keegan Joyce) started an affair with his English teacher, Fiona - but from Fuzz himself, who thinks it's Cleaver's fault that the affair is over. So Cleaver finds a distraction at a boxing match where he takes cocaine and recklessly doubles his bet. And once again Mick Corella's standover man Col (Steve Le Marquand) is there to remind him of his growing debt. Cleaver wakes up battered and bloodied to find Scarlet (Danielle Cormack) on the doorstep declaring that she's homeless. Later that day the Chandler case lands on Cleaver's desk. He can't believe his eyes - the man who delivered his son and godchildren, accused of a "three way with the family dog". With Scarlet's presence compounding his guilt, he tries to get her to leave, but then Melissa (Missy) (Adrienne Pickering) turns up, railing at the realities of partner David's (Matt Day) new political life. As Scarlet advises Melissa to stick with him because a good man is hard to find - it slowly dawns on her that Melissa is Cleaver's 'Missy'. When Wendy arrives looking for Fuzz, Cleaver can't quite believe the circumstances that have all his women under his roof at once. Meanwhile Cleaver is using more and more cocaine. Taking advantage of Missy being close by, he enlists her help on the Chandler case and she comes up with a smart strategy that serves them well. But a call from Joe Sandilands (Geoff Morrell) has Missy scurrying back to dependable David, while Cleaver seeks solace in another line of coke.
3250	Rake	R v Langhorn	Drama	none	Radio shock jock Eddie Langhorn (Rachel Griffiths) is charged with inciting racial hatred, and turns to old flame Cleaver Greene (Richard Roxburgh) to defend her. Meanwhile, Cleaver needs some defending himself when his tax case goes off the rails and he's placed on remand. Feeling lost without good mate and colleague Barney (Russell Dykstra) by his side, a visit from Missy (Adrienne Pickering), in prison brings him to the realisation that he has hit rock bottom. As he tries recover his position with Missy, she is experiencing the 'joys' of political life with David (Matt Day) as they sit through a session of Ukrainian folk dancing at a local council hall. Cleaver arrives at work to find Eddie Langhorn waiting for him, and knows immediately that he's in for trouble as he's never been able to resist her charms. As they share a caustic but predictably sexually charged lunch, Cleaver discovers he has a willing participant in his revisited coke habit. Cleaver then learns his father has had a stroke, and hoping to repair their relationship, takes Fuzz (Keegan Joyce) to the country to visit his ailing father. It doesn't go well. There is a family fight, Fuzz will not forgive him, and the car he borrowed from ex-wife Wendy is side-swiped. As prosecutor on the Langhorn case, Scarlet (Danielle Cormack) is relishing the thought of seeing Eddie - a woman she dislikes intensely - locked up, but her confidence is shattered when she is surrounded by a gang of hoods in a park. As Scarlet flounders in court, Barney gives her some information that could change the nature of the case, and he also confesses that the woman Scarlet saw at their home was a nanny. While David, enjoying his embryonic political career and ever more intimate relationship with Missy, proposes. Cleaver manages to win the case but is disheartened to learn that Eddie Langhorn has conned him once again. And then Missy arrives to tell him that she and David are getting married. Alone, and flicking though an old photo album, Cleaver ponders whether his fractious relationship with his family is probably all his fault.
3250	Rake	R v Tanner	Drama	none	As Barney (Russell Dykstra) starts to rebound from his recent marriage woes, Joe Sandilands (Geoff Morrell) is publicly outed as one of the MPs who patronise brothel Club Jules. Meanwhile, seeking relief for a hang-over, Cleaver (Richard Roxburgh) gets hit over the head during a botched robbery at a local pharmacy. So too does one of the hapless robbers when his accomplice takes a wild swing at a CCTV camera and misses, badly injuring his mate. Feeling sorry for himself Cleaver calls Barney to the hospital, hoping Barney will see his injuries as punishment for his betrayal. But Barney sees this as just as another of Cleaver's manipulations To add insult to injury, a small piece about the attack on Cleaver in the newspaper is overshadowed by a story of an assault on a woman in Glebe. So Cleaver is delighted when he's presented with handling the defence of the woman's assailant, Travis Tanner - a case which came to him via Missy (Adrienne Pickering) , who says she saw the accused elsewhere at the time of the assault. When the injured robber dies, his mate is charged with manslaughter, and Cleaver is asked to defend him. Meanwhile, Joe Sandilands, having lost everything - including his wife and children, looks to Missy for solace but realises it's Cleaver who has her heart. Barney and Scarlet (Danielle Cormack) visit a marriage counsellor, where Barney makes it clear that their marriage is over - leaving Scarlet reeling. When Joe commits suicide, everyone is devastated: after the funeral Barney uncharacteristically visits a pole-dancing club; a maudlin Cleaver, yearning for the good old days, kisses ex-wife Wendy (Caroline Brazier); and Missy, the last to see Joe alive, turns to Cleaver, only later having to confront an angry David (Matt Day) who wants to know why she's always going missing. A family dinner for Fuzz's (Keegan Joyce) birthday turns ugly when Fiona tells Fuzz she's leaving him for a younger boy. Meanwhile Missy arrives at the Tanner trial to give evidence for the defence, but is instead confronted with something from her past that could change her relationship with Cleaver forever.
3250	Rake	R v Corella	Drama	none	At one of their regular swingers' parties, Mick Corella's (Richard Carter) wife Kirsty (Robyn Malcolm) runs into an old school friend Nigel (Paul Gleeson), and they exchange numbers. When police dig up Nigel's body in a car park Mick becomes their chief suspect. Meanwhile Cleaver (Richard Roxburgh) enlists Fuzz (Keegan Joyce) and Nicole (Kate Box) to help him forge receipts for his tax case. When Wendy (Caroline Brazier) arrives to collect Fuzz, Cleaver suggests that raising a second mortgage on 'their' house would solve his back taxes problem, and a furious Wendy reminds him that the house is 'hers'. Meanwhile, David (Matt Day) wins his seat in parliament, but the government is ousted, so he has given up a promising career to waste his life on the back benches. As Missy (Adrienne Pickering) commiserates, her disappointment for him and the weight of her guilt over the lies about her past get the better of her, and she blurts out the truth about who she is. As David slowly digests her news, it dawns on him that not only was Joe Sandilands (Geoff Morrell) one of her clients, but so was Cleaver Greene! So as his tax case against Cleaver resumes, David is openly hostile and determined to put him away.Meanwhile, Mick Corella insists that Cleaver defend him, and he and Barney (Russell Dykstra) are forced to work together again. When Missy tells Cleaver it's over with David, she is taken aback by his reluctance to commit. And, although happy to see Cleaver and Barney working together again, Scarlet is having second thoughts about ending their marriage. In the meantime Cleaver has decided Missy is the girl for him - but has he left it too late. Hating the fact that they are defending such a vile man, Cleaver and Barney hatch a plan that could blow Mick's defence right out of the water. But if Cleaver thought getting Mick Corella locked up for life would solve his debt problems, he has another thing coming. But Barney has forgiven him and the world seems to be back in balance ...well, as balanced as Cleaver Greene's world could ever be.
3250	Rake	R v Mohammed	Drama	none	A man walks through Hyde Park and without warning explodes.Never out of the headlines for long, Cleaver Greene (Richard Roxburgh) is caught in an affair with Claudia Marshall (Toni Collette), the Premier of New South Wales, making himself a sworn enemy of her husband, Attorney-General and Police Minister, Cal McGregor (Damien Garvey).David Potter (Matt Day), now Shadow Attorney General, sees this as his chance to bury Cleaver Greene once and for all, calling him "a dishonest low-life who spends his time defending society's scum, and spends his nights carousing with them". When Cleaver uses the media to retaliate, it's a race to see who will sue for defamation first.In Parliament, David savages the fact that Cleaver is defending Zuharah (Sapidah Kian), a beautiful Muslim woman who's been charged with conspiracy to commit a terrorist act after her husband accidentally blew himself up in a botched suicide-bombing. The case is circumstantial but the hounds of the media and Macquarie St are convinced that any woman in a head scarf must be a terrorist. Cleaver and Barney (Russell Dykstra) are determined to save her.Cleaver's ex Wendy (Caroline Brazier) is having troubles of her own, having just discovered that her recently acquired husband has been cheating. Scarlet (Danielle Cormack) and Barney are playing happy families, and are preparing for Max's 7th birthday party. At Scarlet's behest, Cleaver has been banned from all family gatherings.Battling to save her own skin, the Premier alleges that Cleaver has been blackmailing her – threatening to destroy her career. And although Cleaver has text messages that could bring her undone, will he be able to use them with the Attorney-General, the Shadow Attorney-General and the full weight of police and judiciary lined up against him?
3250	Rake	R v Fenton	Drama	none	Cleaver's (Richard Roxburgh) affair with the Premier proves to be costly when her husband, Attorney-General Cal McGregor (Damien Garvey) begins a campaign of harassment against him. And not only is David Potter (Matt Day) suing him for defamation, but, after the clown punch-up at seven-year-old Max's birthday party, he's lost Barney (Russell Dykstra) as a friend and colleague as well.Meanwhile, Barney and Scarlet (Danielle Cormack) are seeing a counsellor, but Scarlet's efforts at being the perfect wife are falling flat, with Barney hoping she will just go back to work. He's busy defending Lawrence Fenton (Garry McDonald), who's charged with fraud for posing as a board member at various meetings around town in a campaign aimed against the corporate debasement of the English language.Cleaver, meanwhile, has been asked to defend Damien Trengrove (Don Hany), who's been accused of stealing two million dollars from a children's leukemia foundation run by his glamorous wife Clover.Cleaver, looking to Wendy (Caroline Brazier) for solace, arrives just as her book group is winding up their chat about A Thousand Lies I Have Told by a new author, J. M. Doolan. Cleaver's in his element, taking special notice of newly-divorced neighbour Sally (Katrina Hobbs), while Wendy can't wait to tell him how Fuzz (Keegan Joyce) is applying himself to his studies and even jogging every day.Cleaver is yet to discover that both neighbour Sally and author J.M. Doolan have surprises in store for him.Cal McGregor's campaign of police harassment continues. Cleaver is hauled in for questioning again, and runs into Barney and his client Lawrence Fenton, who wants Cleaver to join them on his case. Barney won't have a bar of it, but when Lawrence gatecrashes a conference on global security being held by Cal with the British Home Secretary in attendance, Barney can't resist Cleaver's entreaties. David Potter uses the breach of security to embarrass the A-G, who pulls out all the stops – charging Lawrence with terrorism.Cleaver is now defending an innocent ex-school teacher whom Cal is determined to persecute, and a slimy corporate thief who for some unknown reason, Cal wants to set free. Is there any chance that he will see justice done?
3250	Rake	R v Wooldridge & Anor	Drama	none	Missy's (Adrienne Pickering) book about her life as a prostitute has caused a sensation, and she's engaged to the infamous founder of an on-line leaks site, Joshua Floyd (Martin Henderson). Meanwhile, Cleaver (Richard Roxburgh) sleeps with the niece of an ex-girlfriend, who has a budding film career and loves Alfred Hitchcock movies. When he discovers she's not yet 16, he's horrified but it's too late. She's been charged with accidentally killing a fellow actor while filming a scene, and blackmails Cleaver into defending her. Cleaver's debt to the Corellas has prison-widow Kirsty (Robyn Malcolm) making amorous plans for his repayments schedule, while he's fighting David Potter (Matt Day) over the defamation case. Scarlet (Danielle Cormack) applies for a job with Attorney- General Cal McGregor (Damien Garvey), and her disdain for Cleaver gets her the job. Meanwhile, Cleaver's woes escalate when Fuzz (Keegan Joyce) reveals that he's been having an affair with Wendy's flirty neighbour Sally (Katrina Hobbs). An Alfred Hitchcock thriller on late night TV opens Cleaver's eyes to the fact that his 16-year-old client may well be a blossoming psychopath. Just when he thinks things could not be more complicated, Missy walks back into his life.
3250	Rake	R v Floyd	Drama	none	Missy (Adrienne Pickering) and Joshua Floyd (Martin Henderson) are Australia's most newsworthy couple: the bestselling author of a controversial memoir, and the founder of an on-line leaks site currently facing treason charges. A bitter Cleaver (Richard Roxburgh), having been ditched by Barney (Russell Dykstra), represents a 'mammophile' peeping tom for the incompetent solicitor Lincoln Lincoln (Rhys Muldoon). Wendy (Caroline Brazier) needs his help with Fuzz (Keegan Joyce), in anguish after Sally's abortion, but Cleaver is under pressure to meet the emotional and physical needs of his sugar mummy, Kirsty (Robyn Malcolm) and is being cleverly outplayed by Harry-Sorry-David (Matt Day) in his defamation case. His only joy comes from setting Kirsty and Col (Steve le Marquand) loose on a Joshua Floyd soiree where Joshua shocks Cleaver and the Sydney bar by inviting Cleaver to represent him in the case of the decade. Cleaver has a lucrative brief, his own chambers and is in America Today as 'leading human rights lawyer, Cleaver Greene'. Are things about to go right?
3250	Rake	R v Turner	Drama	none	Missy (Adrienne Pickering) is on trial for murdering her fiancé. The only way Cleaver (Richard Roxburgh) can save her is to expose the conspiracy by the security apparatus Joshua (Martin Henderson) humiliated. Assisted by a mysterious smoking man, he follows the money trail to ASIO, the CIA, and towards information that may bring down the international banking system and several governments. Kirsty (Robyn Malcolm) is furious that Cleaver is spending so much time with Missy, but when Col (Steve le Marquand) threatens to express that disapproval in the usual manner, Cleaver recognises that Col has a secret. Delirious after a mosquito-induced broken arm, Barney (Russell Dykstra) confesses to Scarlet (Danielle Cormack) that he has met someone else. Hurt and confused, Scarlet allows an innocent lunch with Harry-Sorry-David (Matt Day) to progress down a primrose path that, with some help from Cal McGregor (Damien Garvey), will lead to perdition. Can Cleaver maintain professional standards long enough to have Missy acquitted? Will ASIO and the CIA allow him to win?
3250	Rake	R v Alford	Drama	none	A piercing scream splits the dawn silence of a leafy, suburban arcadia and Cleaver (Richard Roxburgh) and Barney (Russell Dykstra) are soon defending an IT lecturer accused of severing his neighbour's penis with garden shears after an escalating dispute over a child's birthday party. The conservative judge is determined that this trial will not be allowed to lower the tone of his courtroom. Barney and Nicole (Kate Box) are failing to end their affair, despite Nicole's approaching wedding. Wendy (Caroline Brazier) is falling for Roger (Martin Sacks), the husband of Fuzz's (Keegan Joyce) ex-girlfriend, while Fuzz has an age-appropriate girlfriend with a surprise of her own. Scarlet (Danielle Cormack) and David (Matt Day) are firmly on Cal McGregor's (Damien Garvey) hook, but David's colleagues push him to sacrifice Scarlet to save himself. Can Scarlet bring herself to ask for help from the only lawyer devious and unethical enough to get her out from under it?
3250	Rake	Greene v Hole	Drama	none	Scarlet (Danielle Cormack) and David's (Matt Day) affair is front page news, and Scarlet faces the disapproval of the private school mothers. Barney (Russell Dykstra) and Nicole (Kate Box) agree to be 'just friends' but their definitions of friendship differ somewhat. Cleaver (Richard Roxburgh) and Missy (Adrienne Pickering) set out to attend his father's funeral, but end up at the service for a retired travel agent. Keith Nankervis's funeral convinces Missy that life's meaning is to be found in marriage and children. However Cleaver is seeking redemption elsewhere. He attempts to recover his father's estate from swindler Lane Hole (Phil Lloyd), using the talents of tabloid TV reporter Polly Nesbitt (Maeve Dermody) – promiscuous, unethical and a chaotic force of nature. Has Cleaver met the female version of himself? And what dark paths will he be prepared to go down to get revenge?
3250	Rake	Greene	Drama	none	Cleaver (Richard Roxburgh) is in prison, charged with the manslaughter of Lane Hole's (Phil Lloyd) sweet, elderly neighbour. He is bailed out by Missy (Adrienne Pickering), flush with funds since optioning the rights to her story to Hollywood. Polly Nesbitt (Maeve Dermody) moves on him, but has her own agenda. Kirsty (Robyn Malcolm) will allow Cleaver to retain his extremities, if she and Col (Steve le Marquand) are not implicated in his trial and he pays every last cent he owes, now. Barney (Russell Dykstra) warns Cleaver that he will go down for manslaughter but advises he is likely to beat a murder charge. Cleaver goads Cal McGregor (Damien Garvey) into having the charge upgraded, but Cal didn't get to be Attorney-General without a few devious tricks of his own. Cleaver will need the help of all his friends and several enemies if he is to escape a hefty stretch behind bars.
3250	Rake	Episode 1	Drama	none	Cleaver Greene languishes in prison surrounded by enemies and friends. Many former colleagues from Macquarie St and the bench are also inside, courtesy of corruption scandals.
3250	Rake	Episode 2	Drama	none	Cleaver outsmarts the appeals judges, but life outside is not good. He is a legal pariah, jobless, homeless and phoneless, and while he has been inside, his world has been sliding towards chaos.
3250	Rake	Episode 3	Drama	none	At Malcolm's funeral Cleaver meets Mal's sister Felicity, a honey blonde with an acid wit; and baulks at being Scarlet's junior in the case of a gambling-addicted client.
3250	Rake	Episode 4	Drama	none	A murder brings Felicity back into Cleaver's life. He knows he needs Barney, despite everything that's happening in Barney's life; and he can't say goodbye to Wendy or Missy.
3250	Rake	Episode 5	Drama	none	Cleaver is retained for a low rent tawdry sex offence, but the Royal Commissions that have decimated David's front bench mean that even barrel-bottom Cleaver Greene is getting lots of briefs
3250	Rake	Episode 6	Drama	none	Roger bans Cleaver from Wendy's, and Fuzz has returned with a Congolese wife, a Cleaveresque attitude, and (according to the AFP) a suitcase full of stolen blood diamonds
3250	Rake	Episode 7	Drama	none	Siege veteran Cleaver leads Wendy, Fuzz and Prue out of Roger's hostage crisis, but is accidentally shot in the buttock.
3250	Rake	Episode 8	Drama	none	Something is seriously awry in Cleaver's world. His practice is booming, Barney is thriving and he is falling in love with Felicity. But does fate have some nasty surprises in store?
3252	Chef's Table	Chef's Table	Cooking	9.0	Chef's Table goes inside the lives and kitchens of six of the world's most renowned international chefs. Each episode focuses on a single chef, featuring Ben Shewry (Attica Restaurant in Melbourne, Australia), Magnus Nilsson (Fäviken in Järpen Sweden), Francis Mallmann (El Restaurante Patagonia Sur in Buenos Aires, Argentina), Niki Nakayama (N/Naka Restaurant in Los Angeles, CA, USA), Dan Barber (Blue Hill Restaurant at Stone Barns and in New York City, USA) and Massimo Bottura (Osteria Francescana in Modena, Italy) and thier unique look at their lives, talents and passion from their piece of culinary heaven.
3253	Blackout	Blackout	Drama	8.5	Feature-length 'What-If' drama exploring the effects of a devastating cyber-attack on Britain's national electricity grid
3254	Father Ted	Father Ted	Comedy	8.5	One small island off the west coast of Ireland. Three priests. One housekeeper. A bunch of nuns - and the most consistently awful weather on the planet.
3255	Sherlock Holmes	Sherlock Holmes	Drama	9.3	Sherlock Holmes is one of the world's greatest and most popular fictional detectives. His acute perception and powers of observation are called upon in solving a compendium of crime. As ever, Dr Watson is on hand as his indispensable assistant.
3256	The Blackheath Poisonings	The Blackheath Poisonings	Drama	9.0	A nightmare world of lust, corruption and inter-family greed is the setting for this mini-series based on best-selling author Julian Symons' chilling Victorian murder mystery novel.
3257	The Enfield Haunting	The Enfield Haunting	Drama	9.0	Adapted from Guy Lyon Playfair's book This House is Haunted, the show is a supernatural drama based upon real events surrounding the phenomena, and draws on extensive documentation, recordings and witness statements. The incident remains to this day the most documented account of poltergeist activity in British history.
3258	What Remains	What Remains	Drama	9.0	When the decomposed body of Melissa Young is found by a couple in their new flat, Detective Len Harper is determined to discover what happened to her and why nobody noticed she was missing.
3258	What Remains	Episode 1	Drama	9.0	When Michael and his heavily pregnant partner Vidya move into a flat in Coulthard Street, they are shocked to discover the decomposed body of a woman in the loft. With a week left until retirement, Detective Len Harper begins to question her neighbours. He discovers that even though she had not been seen for over two years, nobody had raised an alarm or even noticed that she was gone.Len must work hard to uncover the secrets of the residents and give the deceased the attention in death she so sorely missed in life.
3258	What Remains	Episode 2	Drama	9.0	Struggling to adapt to the loneliness of his retirement, Len finds himself drawn back to his on-going investigation into Melissa's unexplained death. With time on her hands as she waits for the baby's arrival, a concerned Vidya helps Len and they discover the house is reluctant to give up its secrets. As he questions the residents, Len slowly pieces together how they knew Melissa. Is the beautiful but controlling Elaine telling him the whole truth? And what might she do to stop her girlfriend Peggy from leaving her?
3258	What Remains	Episode 3	Drama	9.0	Len begins to uncover the hidden truths behind the fragile lies of the residents of Number 8. Each one is reluctant to acknowledge Melissa, and is hiding secrets from the outside world. Melissa's intimate relationship with a damaged neighbour is revealed. Did the fallout from this liaison play a part in her death? When Len is rocked by a personal tragedy it is up to Vidya and Patricia to follow a new lead, which forces the residents to admit the truth. With so many secrets, can Len discover the truth in time? And can he really cope with the tangled web he has woven?
3258	What Remains	Episode 4	Drama	9.0	The four-part drama comes to a shocking conclusion. With the residents of Coulthard Street moving on and the inquest into Melissa's death now complete, Len finds it hard to let go. When a suspect makes a shocking confession Len doubts the outcome and goes to extreme lengths to solve the case before it is too late. When he stumbles across the hidden past of one of the residents he must appeal to his former colleagues to help make an arrest.Are the residents of Coulthard Street still in danger? More importantly - who really murdered Melissa Young?
3263	Taxi Brooklyn	Taxi Brooklyn	Comedy	8.0	TAXI: BROOKLYN is an action-comedy police procedural centered on the fractious, closely bonded partnership between a streetwise Marseilles-born New York City taxi driver and an intensely driven NYPD detective for whom this immigrant cabbie becomes chauffeur, insider on the streets, and unofficial partner.
3266	Birth of a Beauty	Birth of a Beauty	Comedy	none	As the heir to a large company, Han Tae Hee (Joo Sang Wook) has everything he could possibly want — except for his long lost love. But instead of nursing his heartache like a sensible person, Tae Hee enlists Sa Geum Ran (Han Ye Seul), whom he transforms from an overweight ugly duckling to a gorgeous bombshell named Sara. In the process of falling in love with his "creation" he discovers that even though it appears that money can buy just about everything, it can't buy love or heal emotional scars.
3267	Blood	Blood	Fantasy	none	Park Ji Sang (Ahn Jae-Hyun) is a doctor that specialises in hepato-pancreato-biliary surgery with who is infected with a disease called VBT-01. After volunteer work in Russia, he goes to Korea with his friend Joo Hyun Woo (Jung Hae-In) to work in Taemin Cancer Hospital. There he meets a highly capable but snooty doctor named Yoo Ri Ta. When patients start showing strange symptoms to a weird virus, it is up to them and their friends to find out the source.
3269	Bluebird's House	Bluebird's House	Comedy	none	Needless to say, life as a fresh college graduate is difficult, especially for millenials. Caught in the crosshairs of their parents' conservative perspectives on work and duty, a group of young professionals — Kim Ji Wan (Lee Joon Hyuk), Han Eun Soo (Chae Soo Bin), Jang Hyun Do (Lee Sang Yeob), and Kang Young Joo (Kyung Soo Jin) — live together and support one another as they vie for meaningful and well-paid positions, but find it hard to balance their individual hopes, dreams and desires.
3271	The 7D	The 7D	Comedy	none	"The 7D" is a Disney animated series centering around the Seven Dwarfs from the classic film Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
3271	The 7D	Rock of Sages, Parts 1 & 2	Comedy	none	The 7D must travel to the far corners of the globe to gather seven magic stones.
3274	Ruff-Ruff, Tweet & Dave	Ruff-Ruff, Tweet & Dave	Comedy	none	Watch "Ruff-Ruff, Tweet & Dave" an adventure-filled series bubbling with fun and games on NBC featuring three loveable and playful friends.
3274	Ruff-Ruff, Tweet & Dave	A Veggie Adventure / A Happy Adventure	Comedy	none	A trip to the garden shows where vegetables come from.
3274	Ruff-Ruff, Tweet & Dave	A Rainbow Adventure / An Exploring Adventure	Comedy	none	Ruff-Ruff, Tweet and Dave name and match the colors of the rainbow to the colors in Hatty's garden.
3275	Raised Hunting	Raised Hunting	Drama	none	"Raised Hunting" is about an average American family that has used hunting as a platform to teach ethics and values to their family. The Holders share their North America hunting experience and use real adventures from their journeys. Raised Hunting captures the raw emotion that comes from an animal at close range, all while focusing on bringing you ultimate adventures with the highest regard to cinematography. Raised Hunting is the show that keeps you on the edge of your seat and looking for more when it's over.Most important, the Holders hope you will see them for who they really are – just another family that lives and loves everything hunting has to offer, and the kind of family you would hope to run into at your next hunting camp. After all, they are looking forward to sharing camp with you. Thank you for being a part of Raised Hunting!
3275	Raised Hunting	The Plan	Drama	none	The Holder family employs what they think is the perfect plan as they continue their quest to help Tanner Webb shoot his first deer. What they couldn't see, was the bigger and better plan that the man upstairs had for this wheelchair bound hunter.
3275	Raised Hunting	Partners	Drama	none	When a son's job gets in the way of deer hunting, a father and son both realize, there are life lessons they can learn from the situation.
3275	Raised Hunting	Approaches	Drama	none	A family camping trip turns into a lesson in determination. The reflection on a past elk hunt helps the family realize, that life is not about what we do, but how we approach it.
3275	Raised Hunting	Pop	Drama	none	A family has their first chance for three generations to hunt together. An Arkansas duck hunt is the scene where the Holder family finds a deeper meaning of family.
3275	Raised Hunting	Why	Drama	none	A son graduates from high school. The family hunts big Iowa whitetails. They realize Dad's obsession with filming is more than an annoyance; it's also one of his greatest gifts.
3276	Inspector Morse	Inspector Morse	Drama	10.0	Inspector Morse is a detective drama based on Colin Dexter's series of Chief Inspector Morse novels. The series starred John Thaw as Chief Inspector Morse and Kevin Whately as Sergeant Lewis, as well as a large cast of notable actors and actresses.
3276	Inspector Morse	The Dead of Jericho	Drama	10.0	Morse gets passed over for promotion, and at the same time he is given a new working partner in the shape of Sergeant Lewis - who is not at all sure what to make of his new boss. Then Morse and Lewis face their first murder case together: Anne Staveley, a good friend of Morse's in a choral society, is found hanged at her house in the Jericho area of Oxford. At first, the death looks like suicide, but Morse has his own reasons for treating the case as a murder. A parking ticket and the play Oedipus the King, by Sophocles, help Morse to solve the mystery.
3276	Inspector Morse	The Silent World of Nicholas Quinn	Drama	10.0	Someone on the inside at the University of Oxford's Foreign Examination Syndicate is selling exam secrets. Nicholas Quinn, a member of the examination board, is in the right place to overhear something he shouldn't, and he is soon found dead at his cottage, poisoned with cyanide - but Nicholas was deaf. Then crossword compiler Philip Ogleby has his skull smashed in, and Morse suspects a connection.During his investigations, Morse is attracted to Monica Height. She works for the Examination Syndicate and may be mixed up in the corruption which led to Quinn's murder, and perhaps to Ogleby's as well.
3276	Inspector Morse	Service of All the Dead	Drama	10.0	Morse, bored with his holiday, visits a quiet country church and looks into an old unsolved murder and suspected suicide which happened there on hallowed ground. He soon believes he is onto something and draws Lewis into the case, which is officially re-opened. If the church is an unlikely murder scene, its Vicar and his voluntary helpers are equally unlikely suspects. Lawson, the Vicar, is haughty and is said to be perverted. Among his congregation is Ruth Rawlinson, whom Morse is attracted to, but she proves to be having an affair with church warden Harry Josephs, another suspect. Paul Wilson is a very lusty organist and is close to Mrs Josephs. Jealousies and tensions abound.While Morse is wrestling with the quagmire of respectable hypocrisy around the church, it appears that a serial killer is at work.
3276	Inspector Morse	The Wolvercote Tongue	Drama	10.0	Laura Poindexter, a rich American tourist, dies in the Randolph Hotel, Oxford, apparently from a heart attack, but Morse suspects foul play. Laura was due to return a historic jewel to an Oxford museum, and it has gone missing. Then Dr Kemp, who is a womanizing historian, dies of a fall, Lucy Downes is crushed to death in a telephone box, and Dr Kemp's widow appears to take a fatal overdose of Paracetomol. Morse believes the deaths are all linked.
3276	Inspector Morse	Last Seen Wearing	Drama	10.0	The schoolgirl daughter of rich parents has been missing for six months. Morse believes she has been killed, and his investigations show curious goings on at the missing girl's school. But before Morse can unravel the mystery, he finds another.
3276	Inspector Morse	The Settling of the Sun	Drama	10.0	Jane Robson asks Morse to present a crossword prize at a summer school in Lonsdale College, and while he is dining with a group of overseas students, a young Japanese man dies in what seems to be a brutal ritual killing. It turns out that Morse has unwittingly given all his best suspects a watertight alibi. Morse is attracted to Jane Robson, although she is plainly a neurotic woman who suffers from mood swings and even temper tantrums. He finds that Jane's grandfather was a prisoner-of-war in the hands of the Japanese during the second world war, and he begins to suspect a complicated conspiracy.
3276	Inspector Morse	Last Bus to Woodstock	Drama	10.0	A young secretary is found raped and murdered in the car park of an Oxford pub. Morse and Lewis find that the girl was last seen getting into a car, while hitch-hiking with another woman, but neither the woman nor the driver of the car will come forward. Morse uncovers a complex web of relationships - passion and corruption, lies and unhappiness.
3276	Inspector Morse	The Ghost in the Machine	Drama	10.0	Morse investigates the reported theft of erotic paintings belonging to Sir Julius Hanbury, a local baronet who is one of those standing for election as the new Master of Courtney College, Oxford. As well as the pictures, Sir Julius himself has also disappeared. Morse finds Sir Julius's dead body, and at first it looks like murder, but the new police pathologist, Dr Grayling Russell, believes he killed himself. Then there is another death which is undoubtedly a murder - but how is it connected with the late Sir Julius Hanbury?
3276	Inspector Morse	The Last Enemy	Drama	10.0	A body is found in the canal and the only clue to its identity points to a connection with one of the university's colleges. It happens that intense rivalry for one of the most prestigious posts in the university has led to murder. But which one of the highly respected contenders is the calculating killer?
3276	Inspector Morse	Deceived by Flight	Drama	10.0	Morse investigates when the annual match of the Claret's old boys' cricket eleven is brought to an abrupt end by the sudden death of a team member - and it seems that cricket was the last thing on their minds.
3276	Inspector Morse	The Secret of Bay 5B	Drama	10.0	Playboy architect Michael Gifford is found strangled in his car, and the only clues are a car-park ticket and his diary. Morse and Lewis uncover a love triangle involving the murdered man, and the list of suspects grows. Meanwhile, Morse considers asking Grayling Russell for a date.
3276	Inspector Morse	The Infernal Serpent	Drama	10.0	Morse investigates a tangled web of academic intrigue around the baffling murder of Dr Julian Dear, who was a college don and a famous environmentalist. Dear was killed just minutes before he was due to give a controversial lecture. It soon appears that the most respectable of academic families can have skeletons in the cupboard, but Morse has to put his job on the line to get at the truth.
3276	Inspector Morse	The Sins of the Fathers	Drama	10.0	Morse investigates the murder of Trevor Radford, managing director of the family-owned Radford's Brewery, who was attacked and killed while working late. Morse becomes immersed in the implications of a hostile take-over bid by another company. Then Trevor's widow, Helen, goes to the brewery to look for his brother Stephen (with whom she was having an affair) and finds him also murdered.
3276	Inspector Morse	Driven to Distraction	Drama	10.0	The apparently motiveless murder of two young women points to a psychotic killer. Morse's speculations on what they might have in common leads him to a local garage owner, Jeremy Boynton, who knew them both, and who arouses his suspicions and dislike. Convinced that Boynton holds the key to the crime, Morse begins to hound him, despite having no firm evidence. Morse is also faced with the possible oss of his beloved red Mk II Jaguar.
3276	Inspector Morse	Masonic Mysteries	Drama	10.0	Morse's friend Beryl Newsome is stabbed at a rehearsal for an amateur production of The Magic Flute. Then Lewis starts uncovering incriminating evidence, including the transfer by the murder victim of ·99,000 into Morse's bank account. With his rival Bottomley pursuing him, Morse finds himself at the top of the suspect list and is eventually arrested for the murder he is investigating. After his arrest, Morse's house is searched, and a clergyman's body is found in a cupboard. With Morse seeing a Masonic conspiracy, Lewis suspects that someone with a grudge is out to frame Morse, partly by hacking into computer systems.After his release, Morse becomes the target of a direct attack, when his house catches fire, with him in it. Who wants to get at Morse so badly? Can it really be an old enemy who is dead?
3276	Inspector Morse	Second Time Around	Drama	10.0	The mysterious death of a former deputy police commissioner brings Morse into reluctant contact with an old rival, Ch Insp Dawson. Morse and Lewis, in uneasy tandem with Dawson, spot a link with the unsolved murder of a young girl 18 years earlier. To find the latest killer they have to unravel the first case again.
3276	Inspector Morse	Fat Chance	Drama	10.0	Morse finds himself attracted to a female cleric when he is called upon to investigate the suspicious death of a woman deacon. St Saviour's College is about to appoint Oxford's first ever female chaplain, and emotions are running high among the more conservative clerics, but Morse & Lewis find it hard to believe such feelings could lead to murder.
3276	Inspector Morse	Who Killed Harry Field?	Drama	10.0	An artist, fun-loving drinker and raconteur, Harry Field seems like a man after Morse's own heart. But when Morse and Lewis investigate his mysterious death, they discover that he was not such a lovable rogue
3276	Inspector Morse	Greeks Bearing Gifts	Drama	10.0	When the chef at Lewis's favorite Greek restaurant is found murdered, and a baby goes missing, Oxford's close-knit Greek community closes ranks. Matters aren't helped when Morse has a bad-tempered exchange with the shipping millionaire who owns the restaurant.
3276	Inspector Morse	Promised Land	Drama	10.0	The search for a retired 'supergrass' takes Morse and Lewis from Oxford to the Australian outback. Strangely, Lewis is less at home down under than Morse himself is.
3276	Inspector Morse	Dead on Time	Drama	10.0	Morse investigates the apparent suicide of a terminally ill Oxford don and finds he has a personal connection with the family. As the case develops, Lewis worries that Morse's professionalism is being undermined.
3276	Inspector Morse	Happy Families	Drama	10.0	Business tycoon Sir John Balcombe is found murdered at his country house, Balcombe Castle, with no signs of a break-in. As a result, the dead man's wife and sons come under suspicion. Morse finds that the family is strangely untroubled, and several of his prime suspects have flawed characters and dark secrets - and then the Balcombe family suffers another killing. Meanwhile, Morse has to cope with journalists who try to turn his own personality into a story - and he also suffers from an unhelpful Chief Superintendant, covering for the station's usual boss, who puts pressure on him to crack the case in a hurry.In the end, though, Morse is vindicated and his various tormentors get their comeuppance.
3276	Inspector Morse	The Death of the Self	Drama	10.0	The strange death of an Englishwoman abroad takes Morse and Lewis to the city of Verona in northern Italy. Morse takes delight in open-air opera in the Roman amphitheatre and falls under the spell of Nicole Burgess, a glamorous opera singer. But Lewis is home-sick.
3276	Inspector Morse	Absolute Conviction	Drama	10.0	Morse and Lewis investigate the affairs of three people in prison for fraud, when one of them is murdered, and they are surprised by what they find at HMP Farnleigh, an open prison. Then someone tries to kill one of the two surviving fraudsters.
3276	Inspector Morse	Cherubim and Seraphim	Drama	10.0	Morse's step-niece commits suicide, and he takes compassionate leave. He starts to research her past to find the reason for it, and this confronts him with the generation gap. His investigation into the young girl's death leads him into an alien world of teenage hedonism: house parties, raves and designer drugs.
3276	Inspector Morse	Deadly Slumber	Drama	10.0	The owner of a private hospital is found murdered in his car, after a series of anonymous threatening letters. Suspicion falls on a retired book-maker whose daughter suffered severe brain damage as a result of negligence during an operation some years before. Morse spends a lot of effort in investigating the possibility that the dead man was criminally negligent, and concludes that he was. While he does his best to bring the killer to justice, Morse does not seem very troubled that at the end of the day he is unable to nail him.
3276	Inspector Morse	The Day of the Devil	Drama	10.0	Morse and Lewis hunt a violent rapist who has escaped from prison. They find themselves drawn into an under-world of satanists, and some of them seem more respectable than others.
3276	Inspector Morse	Twilight of the Gods	Drama	10.0	A nasty but very rich business man and a world-famous opera singer are in Oxford to receive honorary degrees from the Chancellor of the University. However, the ceremony has to be abandoned when a sniper opens fire on the procession of dignitaries. The singer is seriously wounded, but was she the intended target?
3282	House of Cards	House of Cards	Drama	8.7	Political drama series, adapted from Michael Dobbs's novel by Andrews Davies. Charming chief whip Frances Urquhart plots revenge against his colleagues.
3282	House of Cards	The House of Cards - Episode 1	Drama	8.7	Francis Urquhart is the perfect politician. Impeccably diplomatic, charming, admired, trusted and respected by all. He has faithfully served his party without question, but events are about to spark his ambition. When the long-standing Prime Minister dies, the hunt is on to find a replacement. Urquhart is a hard-line Conservative and believes in strong leadership. In his eyes, none of the choices measures up. Naturally, he keeps his opinions to himself, but as Party Whip, his support is valuable, and he is courted by all the candidates. He must tread warily, as supporting the loser could cost him his position. Supporting the winner, however, could land him a Cabinet position.
3282	House of Cards	The House of Cards - Episode 2	Drama	8.7	The new Prime Minister, Collingridge, tells Urquhart that he is far too valuable in his current post to be offered a ministerial position. Urquhart is furious but hides his contempt of the man under his usual urbane smile. Collingridge, he believes, will not last long and perhaps something can be arranged to hasten his departure. Meanwhile, it might be a good idea to surreptitiously undermine the leader and start maneuvering in his own favor. And, as luck would have it, an inexperienced young journalist, Mattie Storin, is innocently hanging on his every word. He pretends to be helping her learn about Westminster politics, instead he uses her to leak damaging stories about his rivals. As the Party gathers for its annual conference, the scandals begin to break.
3282	House of Cards	The House of Cards - Episode 3	Drama	8.7	Collingridge is in deep political trouble and he has no alternative but to step down as Prime Minister. Ironically, he still has great faith in Urquhart, whom he feels is the only man he can trust. However, as the scandals and leaked stories have gained momentum, political journalist Mattie Storin begins to suspect that Collingridge has been framed. But who is the culprit? By now, she is too emotionally involved with Urquhart (her loving "Daddy") to realize how she has been used.
3282	House of Cards	The House of Cards - Episode 4	Drama	8.7	Urquhart's ruthless scheming has worked. As the leadership election looms, all his leading rivals have been discredited. But even though the obstacles in his way have been erased, there is still no guarantee of his winning. Meanwhile, by the process of reason and elimination, the truth is beginning to dawn on Mattie, though she can hardly bring herself to believe that "Daddy" is not what he seems. As for Urquhart, he has too much to lose now to let sentiment stand in his way. He will go to any lengths to prevent her, or anyone else, from finding out just what he has done to gain power.
3282	House of Cards	To Play The King - Episode 1	Drama	8.7	Francis Urquhart is now triumphantly installed in No. 10 as Prime Minister, but uneasy at the memory of Mattie Storin, the young journalist he murdered on his way to the top. He is also facing criticism from an unexpected source. The newly crowned King is appalled by his unfeeling, materialistic policies. However, Urquhart has lost none of his relish for the fight.
3282	House of Cards	To Play The King - Episode 2	Drama	8.7	The King is insisting that politicians should have the interests of the populace more at heart. For appearances sake, Urquhart pretends to take a more temperate stance towards the King's attack on his policies.
3282	House of Cards	To Play The King - Episode 3	Drama	8.7	"I am, in fact, extremely angry with His Majesty, and I intend to do him harm." The antagonism between the King and Prime Minister develops into full confrontation as Urquhart accuses the King of trying to organize a bloodless coup against the Government.
3282	House of Cards	To Play The King - Episode 4	Drama	8.7	Urquhart gives the King an ultimatum which could change the history of the British Monarchy.
3282	House of Cards	The Final Cut - Episode 1	Drama	8.7	Urquhart's wife, Elizabeth, wants to make provisions for their future and introduces him to Nures, a Turkish Cypriot businessman who reveals the existence of an oil seam in the disputed sea boundary line between the two countries. Nures suggests that Urquhart might be able to influence the British judge who will be chairing the international arbitration panel in return for a handsome consultancy fee, which could be used to set up an Urquhart Trust as their own private pension plan. Tom Makepeace, the Foreign Secretary, is angry with Urquhart for taking all the credit for the Cyprus peace plan. Also keen on winning power is the ultra right wing Home Secretary John Rayner. Urquhart is involved in an unexpected motorway crash and taken to hospital. While recovering from a head wound, the past he thought dead and buried in Cyprus emerges to haunt him.
3282	House of Cards	The Final Cut - Episode 2	Drama	8.7	In the House of Commons, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster announces the release of war documents relating to the war in Cyprus in the 1950s. A young Greek Cypriot girl accosts Urquhart, asking for help in tracing the war graves of her uncles who were helping the resistance movement. At the public records office they discover a record of the incident but the names and map references have been blacked out. Urquhart promises to help her. Meanwhile, Claire Carlsen arrives to justify her bid for the job of Urquhart's Parliamentary Private Secretary. She admits to him that she is having an affair with Tom Makepeace, but stresses she wants to be on the winning side, Urquhart's side. News comes through that Sir Clive Wading, the judge chairing the international arbitration panel, has decided in favor of the Turkish side, so Elizabeth and Urquhart toast their pension plan. Urquhart precipitates Makepeace's resignation.
3282	House of Cards	The Final Cut - Episode 3	Drama	8.7	Urquhart's bad dreams are worsening and Elizabeth is worried about him. He is making bad decisions, such as appointing Geoffrey Booza Pitt as his Foreign Secretary to replace Makepeace. Claire is shocked when Makepeace announces he is breaking off their relationship. Urquhart is complacent, but even he is stunned when Makepeace reveals that he is standing for the Party leadership. Claire arouses Maria's suspicions when she tells her that Urquhart is unable to help her trace her uncles' graves and suggests that Maria go to Makepeace for help. Geoffrey and Claire are running Urquhart's leadership campaign, but he has only a small majority of MPs backing him. Urquhart seeks to avert the gathering disaster by announcing the happy news of the consolidation of the Cyprus Peace Treaty through the agreement of the sea boundaries. Elizabeth meets Nures again and learns that the first half of a substantial consultancy fee has been paid into a Swiss bank account. Makepeace attacks Urquhart in the House about the cover-up on the Cyprus war graves.Then the leadership ballot results prove disastrous for Urquhart. He knows he needs a miracle to save him. A flash of inspiration; he will leak information about the oil find and persuade the Greek Cypriots that they have been deliberately swindled.
3282	House of Cards	The Final Cut - Episode 4	Drama	8.7	The news of the Cyprus oil find has rocked Greek Cyprus and serious civil unrest has broken out. When the news breaks that the British High Commission has been seized by rebels and the High Commissioner held hostage, Urquhart launches a strong-arm offensive. A swift triumph restores Urquhart's political standing at home and leaves Makepeace floundering. Meanwhile, Claire learns the truth about her boss's war record. After the Army rescues the High Commisioner and the Greek Cypriot President from captivity, Urquhart again orders strong-arm tactics when a convoy carrying them back to the capital is halted by a group of schoolgirls flanked by soldiers. The incident ends in tragedy; some schoolgirls are killed. As the headlines scream for his resignation, Urquhart's fate is sealed. Elizabeth reassures Urquhart everything will be all right in the end. But, when the end finally comes, no one is more surprised than Urquhart.
3283	Law & Order: Trial by Jury	Law & Order: Trial by Jury	Drama	9.5	"In the criminal justice system, all defendants are innocent until proven guilty, either by confession, plea bargain, or trial by jury. This is one of those trials."Taking viewers where they have never been before, for the first time a Law & Order series is told not only from the point-of-view of the prosecutors and police but also from the perspective of the defense attorneys, defendants, judges and jurors. "Law & Order: Trial by Jury" shows the inner workings of the judicial system, beginning with the arraignment, and continuing through the prosecutors' complicated process of building a case, investigating leads and preparing witnesses for trial. The series stars Bebe Neuwirth as Assistant District Attorney Tracey Kibre and Amy Carlson as Assistant District Attorney Kelly Gaffney. Reprising his "Law & Order" role will be Fred Dalton Thompson as District Attorney Arthur Branch and the late Jerry Orbach as Lennie Briscoe, a retired police detective working as an Investigator for the District Attorney. Kirk Acevedo also stars as Briscoe's partner, DA Investigator Hector Salazar.
3283	Law & Order: Trial by Jury	The Abominable Showman	Drama	9.5	New York Assistant D.A. Tracey Kibre tackles the murder of an aspiring Broadway actress but has little evidence to prosecute the suspect -- an acclaimed but arrogant theater producer who smugly knows that the police have found no blood or even a body. Kibre is joined by her unflappable deputy A.D.A., Kelly Gaffney, as they work with Detectives Briscoe and Salazar to pursue physical evidence while the producer's attorney maneuvers to publicly portray the missing woman as promiscuous.
3283	Law & Order: Trial by Jury	41 Shots	Drama	9.5	When a police officer is executed by a career criminal, A.D.A.s Kibre and Gaffney must overcome the fact that the accused was shot 41 times by police -- not to mention the charges of police corruption leveled by the charismatic and cunning defense attorney. Kibre's plea for justice veers suddenly when evidence indicates that the killer might be a federal agent's snitch while she also fears that the jury will sympathize when they see the bandaged man wheeled into court for his trial.
3283	Law & Order: Trial by Jury	Vigilante	Drama	9.5	Assistant District Attorneys Kibre and Gaffney face the unpopular job of prosecuting a father accused of murdering a paroled child molester who had approached his daughter. The case takes on an added twist when they investigate why his self-appointed lawyer is so passionate about representing him. Later, new evidence about the pedophile's intentions is uncovered and District Attorney Branch knows the unwelcome publicity fallout for his department could hurt his chance at reelection.
3283	Law & Order: Trial by Jury	Truth Or Consequences	Drama	9.5	After a young woman is raped and murdered, A.D.A.s Kibre and Gaffney are stymied by a triangle of suspects -- three friends who include a rich boy, a bad boy and the victim's ex-boyfriend Danny. As the prosecutors try to turn one against the other, they wonder who's playing whom. But when Danny seems the least likely to lie, Kibre wants to make a deal with him but she worries he might be manipulating the facts to gain the jury's sympathy.
3283	Law & Order: Trial by Jury	Baby Boom	Drama	9.5	Assistant District Attorneys Kibre and Gaffney prosecute a young nanny who is accused of murder for shaking an infant and bashing in her head -- but they run into a stone wall when the presiding judge intentionally blocks every move they make. After Kibre rejects Gaffney's desperate offer to resign to blunt the judge's irrational ire, they discover the tough defense attorney has coached his client well and intends to point the finger of murder elsewhere.
3283	Law & Order: Trial by Jury	Pattern Of Conduct	Drama	9.5	A.D.A. Kibre faces an obstacle course when she prosecutes a famous pro basketball player Jackson for killing his girlfriend but first she must get past the starstruck grand jury, a legion of fans, a savvy defense lawyer and the player's beautiful trophy wife Tiffany who's determined to hang on to what she's got. Although other women have been assaulted by the defendant, Kibre and Gaffney have a difficult time getting them to testify and new evidence that the victim had previously attempted suicide adds to the complexities of this case.
3283	Law & Order: Trial by Jury	Bang & Blame	Drama	9.5	When a bank worker casually shoots a customer to death and wounds others, the seemingly mentally unstable man runs rings around an exasperated A.D.A. Kibre in court when he asks to defend himself and exploits his claim of extreme emotional distress due to the tragic death of his son. But Kibre and Gaffney must regain their footing before the jury through old-fashioned detective work which reveals critical holes in the murderer's persistent claim that he has been victimized by everyone.
3283	Law & Order: Trial by Jury	Skeleton (2)	Drama	9.5	A.D.A. Kibre prosecutes an elusive career criminal Lucas for the murder of a sleazy ex-cop and the shooting of a detective. As A.D.A. Kibre's office works with Detective Fontana, they discover their prime suspect might also be a producer of "snuff" pornography. When a sting goes bad and a shocking courtroom development cuts the legs from under her case, Kibre's career teeters on finding why the shootings were committed in the first place.
3283	Law & Order: Trial by Jury	The Line	Drama	9.5	Against good advice, Kibre goes full out to re-try a convicted multiple murderer who is released due to falsified evidence -- but she is hardly helped by frightened and hinky witnesses while the manipulative suspect seems to counter her every move with his pricey lawyers. As her fragile case continues to dissolve, Kibre hopes for a break from a witness or forensic evidence -- and alienates partner Gaffney when she ponders contorting ethical rules if necessary.
3283	Law & Order: Trial by Jury	Blue Wall	Drama	9.5	Kibre is handed a political bombshell when she is asked to prosecute two police officers, Petro and Tolbert for their murky roles in the murder of a gay prisoner who was fatally sodomized with a police nightstick -- but she clashes with Detective Ravell who confronts the "the blue wall" in his search for truth. Under federal pressure for a conviction, a conscience-stricken Ravell causes more problems when he tries to protect one of the cops and his young family by withholding vital evidence.
3283	Law & Order: Trial by Jury	Day (2)	Drama	9.5	A.D.A. Kibre works with Detectives Stabler and Benson to prosecute a serial rapist Gabriel whose trail of victims through the years has been whitewashed by his wealthy and protective mother Eleanor. Kibre must also overcome witness intimidation -- and even sees her crucial DNA evidence tossed out -- but the slippery suspect's lawyer has yet another surprise under his sleeve.
3283	Law & Order: Trial by Jury	Boys Will Be Boys	Drama	9.5	Prosecutors Kibre and Gaffney are stymied when a young man confesses to killing a transvestite upon discovering that the "she" was a "he" -- just before the suspect's controlling father also admits that he pummeled the victim to death in self-defense. Besides being whipsawed between two divergent confessions, the suspicious assistant D.A.s can't seem to turn one against the other, prompting a determined Kibre to reach into her legal bag of tricks to force the issue in court.
3283	Law & Order: Trial by Jury	Eros In The Upper Eighties	Drama	9.5	In the interests of justice, A.D.A.s Kibre and Gaffney may be forced to prosecute a doorman who's been publicly lionized as a hero after warding off -- and killing -- a homeless man after he attacked a frightened woman who lived in the building. However, even though the grateful victim thinks the dead man was her tenacious stalker, Kibre's case rests on convincing her that the would-be hero staged the event and actually is her true stalker.
3284	Clerks	Clerks	Comedy	7.5	It's the continuing adventures of clerks Dante and Randal, two guys just trying to make the best of menial labor! With constant interference from the outlandish Jay and Silent Bob--follow the clerks' wildly improbably antics from one riotous episode to the next! Filled with big laughs and hysterical jabs at popular culture--anyone who enjoys fun, irreverent comedy won't want to miss it!
3285	Nowhere Man	Nowhere Man	Drama	8.5	Unknown forces conspire to erase the identity of photographer Thomas Veil (Bruce Greenwood, I, Robot), and without warning, every aspect of his life is erased during the course of one evening. His wife acts as if he's a stranger, his credit cards are suddenly invalid, his keys no longer fit the door to his home and in one way or another, his family and friends are silenced. Completely alone, Veil sets out on a desperate cross-country quest for an answer while eluding his powerful and unknown enemy. His only clue to the possible motivation behind the harrowing ordeal is the disappearance of one of his photographs, "Hidden Agenda," which depicts the execution of natives in a war-torn Third World country.
3287	Over There	Over There	Drama	8.5	In this ground-breaking new series from Steven Bochco (NYPD Blue, Hill Street Blues) "Over There" takes you to the front lines of battle and explores the effects of war on a U.S. Army unit sent to Iraq on their first tour of duty, as well as the equally powerful effects felt at home by their families and loved ones.
3288	The Muppet Show	The Muppet Show	Comedy	7.0	The Muppet Show is a half-hour variety show in which Kermit the Frog and the Muppets put on a weekly musical/comedy revue at the Muppet Theater. Unfortunately for them, things never quite go according to plan, for the Muppets or their weekly guest stars.
3290	Paris Criminal Investigations	Paris Criminal Investigations	Drama	9.0	French new series, inspired by the American series success in "Law & Order: Criminal Intent", Vincent Perez and Sandrine Rigaux play two lieutenants of the criminal section of the police of the city of Paris. Their mission: to penetrate the mind of the worst criminals and unravel the most violent crimes that plague the most beautiful city of the world, Paris.
3290	Paris Criminal Investigations	Trafics	Drama	9.0	Fanny Derrien works in baggage at a large airport in Paris. She has many difficulties: she has problems with her boyfriend, her car threatens to stall on the way to work, her colleagues never cease to annoy. One evening she was found dead in the trunk of her car, her boyfriend is the prime suspect. Revel and Rousseau learn that her colleagues had harassed her for months, and she had complained several times to Philippe Galand, her supervisor, whom she trusted.
3290	Paris Criminal Investigations	Visions	Drama	9.0	A psychiatrist is murdered shortly after attempting to contact his brother, a schizophrenic confined in a psychiatric clinic. Soon, Revel and Rousseau discover a scam orchestrated by the insurance manager of the clinic. Services not available have been charged to residents by several doctors at the facility. Among them, an ophthalmologist that the victim had met the day before his death.
3290	Paris Criminal Investigations	La grande vie	Drama	9.0	The daughter of a prominent businessman is the first to discover the body of her father, who was stabbed while playing golf on a Sunday morning. She had a heated argument the night before with her father about her going to a trendy nightclub that seemed to be the hub of drug trafficking. Revel and Melanie's investigation leads them into a sting operation.
3290	Paris Criminal Investigations	La quête	Drama	9.0	A young architecture student is murdered in the hall of the Gare de l'Est. The investigation of Revel and Melanie Rousseau tells them that he had been selected among the ten finalists in a large architectural project for La Défense. The favorite of the contest is now Xavier Michel Corbin, a famous architect who seemed to exert a strange fascination for the young man who was murdered.
3290	Paris Criminal Investigations	Un crime d'amour	Drama	9.0	A deputy mayor of Paris is killed in his car one evening as he was driving home a young social worker with whom he had spent the evening. Crime of passion or political assassination, Revel and Melanie Rousseau question the real motive of the murderer. They soon discover that it was the social worker who was the target and that the second murder was a smokescreen designed to cover his tracks.
3290	Paris Criminal Investigations	Comme un frère	Drama	9.0	A triple murder within minutes puts investigators on the trail of a police officer with a personality disorder. This discovery has a profound effect on Revel, as the suspect is his half-brother who he has not seen for years, and he discovers that he is suffering the same disease as their mother.
3291	The World at War	The World at War	War	7.0	Laurence Olivier narrates the landmark 26-part British documentary series telling the story of World War II, profiling its main campaigns and highlighting the human cost on all sides of the conflict.
3292	seaQuest DSV	seaQuest DSV	Action	7.7	The amazing adventure begins in the mid-21st century, as humankind expands its undersea colonization efforts and a tenuous world peace is enforced by the United Earth Oceans (UEO). In order to protect the fledgling underwater colonies from unknown dangers and hostile invaders lurking in the depths of Earth's last frontier, the UEO recruits Captain Nathan Bridger (Roy Scheider) to command the high-tech battle submarine seaQuest and its diverse and eclectic crew.
3293	John Doe	John Doe	Drama	8.4	A man who knows literally everything---except his own identity---helps the Seattle police solve crimes as he tries to figure out who he is and where he came from.
3293	John Doe	Pilot	Drama	8.4	A boat full of Cambodian fishermen can't believe their eyes when they find a naked man floating along the Seattle coastline. Quickly they take the stranger on board and bring him to shore. The mysterious man is unharmed, but can't remember anything, not even his name, and seems to be colorblind. The police can't find his identity, his profile doesn't match anything in the database or Missing Persons reports. Despite not knowing anything about himself, he seems to know everything about everything else.
3293	John Doe	Blood Lines	Drama	8.4	John is fixated on the mysterious woman who called him "Tommy" from the ferry. He tries to track her down with the help of the cops, but Detective Hayes asks him for a favor in return. He ran into a dead end with one of his investigations and could use John's help. Pickford, a Seattle citizenm called the cops after he noticed his pool was full of blood, though with no trace of a body.
3293	John Doe	Doe Re: Me	Drama	8.4	Once again, Detective Hayes asks for Johns to help unravel a mysterious murder. The cops found a woman's severed lower body, which had DNA from a person named Daniel Bowen. But it appears he is locked in a psychiatric institution and could not have committed the crime.
3293	John Doe	Past Imperfect	Drama	8.4	When the police find the remains of a woman that was murdered over 30 years ago, John is put in the spotlight. It seems that he looks exactly like the suspected murderer Stephen Prescott. Detective Hayes is convinced that there is a logical explanation for the striking resemblance and decides to involve John in the investigation. However, there isn't much known about Stephen Prescott besides the fact that he disappeared under suspicious conditions at the end of the sixties.
3293	John Doe	John Deux	Drama	8.4	John finds hope to discover his true identity when a second person is found in the ocean under similar conditions. John decides to pay his fellow amnesia sufferer a visit, but comes across a security agent who arrests him and brings him to Lieutenant Avery. John finds he must convince the cops to review the case.
3293	John Doe	Low Art	Drama	8.4	When a mysterious art robbery takes place in a Seattle museum, Detective Hayes decides to ask for John's help. During the break-in, a security agent was killed and a valuable ring was stolen. The cameras were unable to capture the burglars, but it does show how John's assistant Karen (Who has a second job in the museum) tries to flee the building. John however is convinced of her innocence and succeeds in exonerating her. Detective Hayes then puts together a list of possible suspects.
3293	John Doe	Mind Games	Drama	8.4	John is shocked when a woman arrives at his door, claiming that he is the father of her son, Wesley. 11 years ago she enlisted the service of "VitroChoice", a sperm bank that normally keeps the identity of the donors strictly confidential. She found out John's information by bribing a nurse and hacking into a government computer. John doesn't trust the situation and starts searching for an explanation.
3293	John Doe	Idaho	Drama	8.4	The murder of a private detective by a deaf killer leads John to an enigmatic woman who provides clues about his childhood. He travels to Idaho, where he supposedly grew up, and discovers things aren't quite as they seem.
3293	John Doe	Manifest Destiny	Drama	8.4	John Does decides to go on a trip to London. He's struggling to calm himself down due to the claustrophobia caused by being on a plane when a Reverend dies. John finds out he was murdered (poisoned).He has to find the killer, who is on the plane, with a help of some people and others trying to make his job harder
3293	John Doe	The Mourner	Drama	8.4	A serial killer, with a fixation on John, is terrorizing Seattle. At each crime scene he leaves a pink envelope, marked with the symbol from John's scar. Inside each envelope there is a sympathy card, earning him the moniker The Mourner, containing a riddle that must be solved in order to find the next scene.
3293	John Doe	John D.O.A.	Drama	8.4	John continues to aids the police in hunting The Mourner, after Lt. Avery is kidnapped.
3293	John Doe	Tone Dead	Drama	8.4	The team investigates the death of an up-and-coming local DJ. Meanwhile, Rachel re-enters John's life...and has some trouble adjusting.
3293	John Doe	Family Man	Drama	8.4	John helps Frank investigate the disappearance of 4 seemingly unconnected people. Also, Frank fights for custody of his children.
3293	John Doe	Ashes to Ashes	Drama	8.4	When John finds that a loved one is in grave danger, he must race against the clock to find her in time.
3293	John Doe	Psychic Connection	Drama	8.4	The investigation into a serial kidnapper turns into a homicide investigation, when a local psychic offers her help. Everyone involved, including her, is surprised to find her connected to the case, in an unexpected way. Meanwhile, John is trying to cope with guilt over a recently departed friend.
3293	John Doe	Illegal Alien	Drama	8.4	When a bright flash in the woods produces a US astronaut, John, Frank, and Digger enter into a covert mission to uncover how he got there...and end up in a sticky situation themselves.
3293	John Doe	Doe or Die	Drama	8.4	When a rogue ex-cop bent on revenge, takes the 12th precinct hostage, John is forced to improvise. He must find a way to stay hidden and save not only the people in the precinct, but all of Seattle as well.
3293	John Doe	Save As...John Doe	Drama	8.4	An attractive woman, who has been the victim of a crime, shows up at The Sea seeking John's help. John finds he cannot resist. He is soon wrapped up in a mystery involving controversial research that is sought by those willing to kill for it.
3293	John Doe	Shock to the System	Drama	8.4	After John is struck by lightning, he is forced to adjust to being "normal" again...just when he was getting used to being unique. Will he regain his abilities in time to catch the latest killer who is trying to play cat and mouse with him? Or will he remain "normal" permanently?
3293	John Doe	Remote Control	Drama	8.4	When Digger's lifelong friend is killed, John treks with him and tried to help him find out what happened. John also hopes to find out the truth about his own past, in the process.
3293	John Doe	The Rising	Drama	8.4	John is struck with visions that may help him to finally uncover the truth, and who his true friends really are.
3297	The Interceptor	The Interceptor	Drama	8.0	Drama following an undercover team on the hunt for Britain's most ruthless criminals.
3300	Utopia	Utopia	Comedy	none	The multi award-winning satirical comedy about a group of people charged with building this nation – one white elephant at a time
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Drama	9.0	"Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy", - the Russian version of the world famous American series "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit." A special department investigates sex crimes. A team of specialists, consisting of two pairs of detectives, their chief and a prosecutor brilliantly reveal the most intricate and complex cases. The work on the show involves a forensic expert, who, in addition to advising in the adaptation of scenarios on technical issues, is also directly involved on the set as one of the episodic characters.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Феи (Fairies)	Drama	9.0	Y bins found the body of an unknown young girl. Detectives have to work hard to determine the identity of the deceased - it is a young gymnast Lilia. Once in the world of gymnastics, the detectives try to figure out who could not arrange life Lily Korneyeva.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Подделка (Counterfeit)	Drama	9.0	In a series of sex crimes detectives suspect a police officer - Sergei Streletsky. But Sergei proves innocence commission a new crime, and detectives now need to save the victim at the hands of assassins.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Защита (Protection)	Drama	9.0	Young Gypsy brings to the hospital wounded by a shot his youngest son, but leaving it there, disappears. The detectives begin to inquire under what circumstances occurred wounded, and thread the investigation leads them to drug lords. To save the boy can not, kill him in the hospital, but unable to detectives to protect the mother and brother of drug kingpin people.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Завершение дела (Finishing the Case)	Drama	9.0	Absolutely rape. Detectives believe that this is Igor Volkov, previously drawn on a similar case - the same "handwriting" of crime, but then there is no way to prove ownership Volkov. But this time, detectives do not just give up and punish the offender.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	На крыше (On the Roof)	Drama	9.0	Residents in one district of the capital in terror from a series of rapes and murders that take place directly "over" their windows. The victims are schoolgirls, submissive girls, pet families. Disclosure of this delastanovitsya principal investigator for Pankratova - he lived and grew up in the area and knew the families of the deceased girls. Unfortunately, the zeal Pankratova this time did not play into the hands of detectives, and the first investigation goes down the wrong path.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Юное дарование (Young Talent)	Drama	9.0	In parkeobnaruzheny body, men and women, and the woman's body dismembered. As a young man suspected of killing a teenage fan of torturing animals, but a new crime shows that the murderer someone else.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Наблюдение (Surveillance)	Drama	9.0	For the talented cellist started a real hunt. First it attacked near her apartment, then throw the box with the rat, and finally shoots her crossbow. Who is this sophisticated maniac? Suspicion falls on each of her suitors, but the denouement of this story is unexpected for everyone.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Подмена (Substitution)	Drama	9.0	In the garden of a woman's body was found, missing three years ago. Determine the identity of the dead, the detectives begin an investigation. The number of suspects is quite broad - because the deceased was a very rich life. But gradually the circle narrows, opening a secret sister who died a very happy woman.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Честь (Honor)	Drama	9.0	In the park found the body half-dead Afghan girl Nafisa Amir. Suspicion falls on other Nafisa - Daoud Tarzi, but in the course of the investigation it becomes clear that the murderer must be sought not among friends, Nafisa, and her family.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Соломоново решение (Judgment of Solomon)	Drama	9.0	One supermarket shoppers - young mother, kidnapped her daughter. Rassledovanieprivodit detectives to a drug addict, is already selling a girl into other hands. The buyer was Vladimir Markov, sells children in families without. The detectives are faced with the impossibility of proving the guilt of Markov, but floats on the surface of one old unsolved case, for many years tormented Sedykh. The investigation is gaining new momentum - the detectives are faced with a dilemma - what is more important than the triumph of the Act or the happiness of children and parents.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Ярость (Rage)	Drama	9.0	Detective Olga Bobrov for his life has helped the law to punish is not a criminal. Like any man, she might make mistakes, but, unfortunately, in her case such an error could be fatal. Innocent convict her fault Arkady Panov can not forgive Bobrova his crippled life and comes up with a sophisticated revenge ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Обратный отсчет (Countdown)	Drama	9.0	The victim of a maniac, a little girl managed to escape. While detectives investigate the circumstances of this case, the maniac kidnaps another zhertvu.Proanalizirovav the offender, the team realizes that they have only three days to save the child.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Куклы (Dolls)	Drama	9.0	At the suburban junkyard found dead and mummified girl was raped in her hand which is sandwiched a handful of hair. According to the remains of the girls criminologists remodel its looks, but because of a TV report, investigators found the girl's mother - Veronica Rybakov, who has long been out of town, and her daughter Nina lived with her neighbor, but then disappeared without a trace. Soon found another missing girl - Olga Marychevoy. Olga's mother - Ritka - a drug addict, who says that he gave his daughter to an unknown man. Tuft of hair clutched in the hand of child corpse is part of the wig used in the manufacture of antique dolls ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Жадность (Greed)	Drama	9.0	Wealthy businesswoman Valentina Trunova found mutilated and raped in their own home. In the same housing estate is committed another rape victim who was a young Diana Sysoev, wife of retired General Grigory Sysoev, from their homes, stolen their personal belongings. Suspicion falls on Ogureeva locksmith who installed prior to both crimes new locks in homes Sysoev and Trunov - he find the stolen items. But the investigation establishes a personal motive Edward, husband of Valentina - in case of death of the wife he gets all of its state ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Отчаяние (Despair)	Drama	9.0	During a fire in a communal apartment is found murdered and raped Tatiana Demidova. Can only save her son Mitya. However, it soon becomes clear that Tanya hiding and rented a room in someone else's documents. The corollary establishes her real name - Larissa Guseva. Mitya, it turns her adopted son, Boris Kartashov. Father Bori - a famous TV presenter Anton Kartashov is implicated in the death of Larissa ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Милосердие (Mercy)	Drama	9.0	In the river channel was found cooler bag with the corpse of a newborn girl. The investigators suggest that the killer baby - underage mother is probably one of the students nearby youth sports school. However, during further investigation, examination determines that the child suffered from a rare incurable genetic disorder common among Jews. Investigators found a family in which a girl had recently died of the same age Julie Vigdorova.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Жертвы (Victims)	Drama	9.0	The executioners are subject to punitive sword of the avenger.  Former police officer Yuri Linev, now head of public organization to combat sexual maniacs, first discovered the corpse of Oleg duck's flesh - recently released from prison rapist. Andrei Pankratov already conducted his business. Now he is to investigate the murder ... The number of suspects and gets Linev and girlfriend Natalia duck's flesh, and Lyudmila, the girl's mother, the victim of a rapist. While investigators are working on version, there is another murder. Who announced the hunt for rapists and what it actually takes revenge on them? ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Расплата (Payment)	Drama	9.0	Killed a prominent doctor, investigators have several versions ...  In his home killed a prominent doctor - a specialist in male infertility Maxim Mozharov. Next to her husband's body was found bound and raped by Katja Mojarova. Investigators suspect Nikolay Gusev - Maxim's former patients, unbalanced type, who was imprisoned for sexual harassment. Among the suspects got Mojarova and son Sergei, an avid player. But it soon becomes clear that the motive was and mistress of Maxim - Irina Nekipelova ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Смертельное горе (Deadly Mount)	Drama	9.0	Raped and murdered a nightclub waitress Alain Zemtsova. Are under suspicion not only colleagues murdered, but her man Denis Kuznetsov. The detectives learn that shortly before his death occurred between two lovers quarrel strong. However, the diary Alena found at her home, removes all suspicion from Dennis and forcing investigators to go a completely different way ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Сливки общества (High Society)	Drama	9.0	A rich family in captivity insidious intrigues.  At the playground found the corpse of a young girl dressed in costume maid. Arises version according to which the girl fell from apartment window of a wealthy family Klimenko. However, the head of the family - grandmother Elena - argues that at this time in the house was empty. Video footage in the apartment Klimenko, suggests otherwise. The footage captured a girl, in which the son of Helen finds Anna Bystrov - maid, dismissed them shortly before the tragedy.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Риск (Risk)	Drama	9.0	At a young nanny family Rybin Lina suddenly a child dies. Cause of death - an overdose of cocaine. Cocaine was found in one of the jars of baby food bought by Maxim Rybin for his nephew. Investigators of the operational investigations try to arrest Maxim Rybin in the workplace in the investment company, but Lt. Col. Khromchenko from the service's own security prevents them from referring to their chief, Colonel Sedykh. But the Grizzly is not aware of plans Khromchenko and demands from him an explanation. Khromchenko says that Rybin was the drug dealer: he and his wife Kate are constantly traveling for work, and their routes coincide with the routes narkoperevozok ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Бесконечное зло (Infinite Evil)	Drama	9.0	Found dead a long time missing 15-year old Christina Remizov. Examination shows that she was pregnant - despite his young age. Established that she was pupil of the Fund increased knowledge for young girls organized a popular expert on infertility doctor Zotov. When viewed from the building fund investigator finds there another girl, long wanted by police - Sasha Ponizova. She, like all the other pupils of the Fund, is forcibly brought Zotov for gestation and birth, and reported that Dr. Zotov urged all girls to become surrogate mothers. But DNA analysis shows that all the girls - pupils of the Fund have been subjected to artificial insemination semen Zotov, and infertile parents paid him a lot of money for the cloning of cells, Zotov was going to bring children born to him. Zotov detained on suspicion of fraud.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Искупление грехов (Redemption from Sin)	Drama	9.0	In the department of operative investigation comes a new case - murdered and raped by a fashion designer Inga Malinin. Murder has a distinct feature - on a bed is left a white rose, a corpse wrapped in a blanket, all items in the flat meticulously cleaned, and the door was breached with his fist. Employees of the store, which sold clothes work Malinin, argue that the Inga actively courted the store manager Dmitry chests, which has found a fresh arm injury ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Подавление (Suppression)	Drama	9.0	The daughter of an influential businessman Ivan Bazhova refers to the department a statement that as a child she was abused by his father, and now he sticks with the same intentions to her younger sister, Lily. Evidence found in the house businessman confirms guilt Bazhov. Ivan was arrested, he goes by his wife Mira, but soon discover that all the facts falsified. Bazhova warrant and released. But soon he is found murdered in his office ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Вина (Guilt)	Drama	9.0	A young boy helps Sergei Kovalenko investigation to expose the Roman Barinov, a pedophile with years of experience, who has repeatedly bowed Sergei sex. But at the last moment of operation, Kovalenko does not stand up and warn Barinova that their conversation is recorded on film. Barinov no time to escape, and he is detained, but the records did not hear anything illegal and had to let go. Soon the investigation finds yet another former victim Barinov - Valery Skvortsov, which tells of a strange habit of giving Roman boys at parting with them, recording their joint sexual encounters.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Моногамия (Monogamy)	Drama	9.0	Parked near his car was found brutally beaten, Nina Malyshev, over which was forcibly made the operation "cesarean" and abducted by the unborn child. Male victim, Igor Malyshev alleges that during the commission of a crime was in the restaurant where he had an appointment with Nina, but she did not come. By car, Nina discovered the fingerprints previously convicted drug addict Vitali Novikov, who underwent treatment at a clinic where she worked Malyshev. During the interrogation of clinic staff revealed that shortly before Malysheva caught his colleague Luneff of stealing drugs from the clinic, after which Lunev was fired. During the interrogation, Lunev recognizes that Malyshev was the mistress of Novikov. Novikov also has a solid alibi ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Справедливость (Justice)	Drama	9.0	Unknown girl found raped on the street. At the hospital, she dies, but the investigator Bobrov manages to take it a smear to further identify the rapist. Trace the origin of potent drugs found in her, the investigation finds the hotel where she met with her lover, and an expensive hat murdered points to shop, which was repeatedly stolen the stepdaughter of a well-known judge Paul Tumarova Oksana Makarova. The judge said that Oksana from childhood was a difficult child, and he, along with her mother and his wife, Anna sent her to boarding school. Further investigation shows that Oksana led erotic correspondence with a prisoner Viktor Sharonov, Tumarovym convicted for raping and seducing Galkina, blackmail, forced him to assassinate his stepfather ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Любимчик (Pet)	Drama	9.0	In a conversation with his wife Natalie Andrew accidentally discovers that their friend - a doctor Vick Kuznetsova - recently asked a girl. Wick, violating medical secrecy, told Natasha that a young female patient was raped by her schoolteacher. Andrew could not pass this business!
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Болезненный укол (Painful injection)	Drama	9.0	The headmistress of a large computer company Veronica Tenyakova brutally raped and murdered. An autopsy revealed that the woman was pregnant. Her husband lost the news stunned. Taking the development of inner circle Tenyakova, detectives went to the guard Dmitri Minaev. It turns out he was a dirty game, shifting their blame on other employees. During the interrogation, Minaev, seemingly "split" and said: Veronica blackmailed him, and leaned toward hazing ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Карусель (Carousel)	Drama	9.0	Major Belov, a friend and colleague, Colonel Grizzly saw a newspaper photo of his runaway daughter, Dasha, takes hostage journalist Alexis, who has prepared this report about the alleged street children. The video made by Alex, the investigators saw a well-known pimp Gigi, the organization engaged in "Carousel" - sexual orgies involving street children, who, in exchange for sexual services receive alcohol and drugs. But just take Gigi fails. He has very powerful backers in government circles ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Тайна (Mystery)	Drama	9.0	Young teacher Anna Vetlugina found strangled in his bedroom. Before his death, a woman was raped. It is known that she worked in the most troubled school district, helping inveterate bullies and Losers get back on track - to finish school and even go to college. Vetlugina gave private lessons at home. The investigators found that the latter took several hours before the murder. The teacher came Igor Chesnokov, a recent conflict with Vetlugina. Searched the room boy gave an unexpected result ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Семейное дело (Family business)	Drama	9.0	In the midst of celebrations to mark the opening of an exclusive family-run hotel from the elevator to the lobby, where the fun goes out weeping girl in a torn dress and said that she had been raped in the room. The victim - Nastia Krasilnikova - arrived in Moscow with his brother, his wife and their baby daughter. When the girl was left alone in a room, there stole an unknown, who brutally beat her and raped her. The owners do not want to bring publicity to this incident and are willing to compensate moral damage. But detectives there own version of events ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Наследие (Heritage)	Drama	9.0	While investigating a series of brutal rapes blonde women, detectives went to the criminal-albino, whose father was a rapist. Well-known lawyer tries to prove his innocence, building line of defense around the theory of genetic predisposition ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Пополам (Halves)	Drama	9.0	After another family scandal Kumeyko Tatiana, the wife of the security officer slaughter of Moore accuses her husband Alexei in the rape. In an investigation immediately intervene guide slaughter of trying to shield his colleague. Reconcile the spouses want to take statements. However, the prosecutor intends to Shchukin bring the case to court to bring a couple in a sense.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Облава (Raid)	Drama	9.0	The cafe waitress unknown attacks and force pulling it in a white van. Everything happens in front of two witnesses, but the left attempts to protect the woman, when in the hands of criminals appears pistol. At the scene found a package with chloroform. For such a scenario has already been committed several crimes, which means that detectives have to calculate and to catch a maniac ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	По обоюдному согласию (By mutual agreement)	Drama	9.0	The couple, making a bike ride through the park, casually remarked in the bushes half-naked girl in a coma. Next to her, fumbling a bum. Arrive at the scene detectives and forensic ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Удушье (Suffocation)	Drama	9.0	Andrew Rubetsky comes to his ex-wife Valerie, to pick up their belongings. In the bedroom playing music and lit candles, and the bed is ex-spouse, on the neck where the noose ... According to the marriage contract, Andrew can not qualify for an apartment of the deceased, but he gets some money from her bank account - quite a decent amount for the unemployed artist . In additon to that Andrew is no alibi ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Мальчик-убийца (Killer-Boy)	Drama	9.0	During a walk in the schoolyard 9-year-old girl was shot to death by his classmate. A teacher caught a little killer, when he tried to throw the gun into the trash. The boy's parents - law-abiding citizens in their home has never been a weapon. Where does the child took the gun? Investigators have interviewed everyone in the school, but to no avail. The boy himself had a killer refuses to tell how he had this dangerous "toy" ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Ранимые (Vulnerable)	Drama	9.0	Middle of the night in someone else's apartment gets old woman suffering from Alzheimer's disease. She claims that it was her apartment and tells all about a certain Luba. Finding the body burns grandmother of cigarette butts and ropes that bound her, investigators believe that she was raped. However, this hypothesis is not confirmed. Bobrov and Pankratov establish the identity of her grandmother. This is Nina Glebova, a child often visited the apartment where it was found. Suspicion falls Nina's son Nicholas, a leading asocial way of life. It turns out that he deliberately took his mother from a nursing home to receive her pension increased. On the eve of discovery by Nina in an apartment house in Nicholas held revelry. Interviewing party guests, Bobrov and Pankratov go to Nina's grandson Sasha and his friend Zhora working in a nursing home, where previously lived Nina.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Жертва (Victim)	Drama	9.0	Not far from the gay club found a man with a gunshot wound. On the body - the traces of rape. But the victim is in no hurry to help investigators because she was afraid for the fate of her sick daughter. All that is known, it is the occupation of the victim and his wife. They are both to earn a child's treatment, take part in the filming of pornographic films ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Встряска (Shake)	Drama	9.0	Year-old girl, Kate, walked under the supervision of a young nurse Irene, disappeared from a playground. Police suspect that the kidnapping of the baby involved in a pedophile, who is being sought. But soon Pankratov finds girl unconscious in the bushes near the playground. Doctors do not show signs of rape, but Kate will be a major operation. Irina says that the child was allowed to strangers. However, another witness to the accident, an experienced nurse, Anna Vladimirovna said she had seen near the site a suspicious man with a camera. Near the site, investigators found a box of film and use it to go to a photographer who was watching another nurse and to order a parent to check its reliability. Shots kept confirm the alibi of Irina. After surgery, doctors put Kate disappointing diagnosis: two-sided brain injury with retinal detachment caused by concussion syndrome child. It becomes clear that the girl strongly shaken, but it did not happen on the court, but much earlier. Are under suspicion, and the girl's mother, Irina, Svetlana Polyanskaya ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Бес в ребро (Old Fool)	Drama	9.0	The park is found bloodied corpse of a woman. Suspicion falls a person who already had served a sentence for similar crimes. Murder could also be related to the occupation of the deceased. However, subsequent events have forced investigators to take a closer look inconsolable wife of the victim.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Фантазия на двоих (Fantasy for two)	Drama	9.0	In the lobby of the hotel is found unconscious with head injury student Maxim Cherkasov. He claims that he met a girl in a bar, and when they came in the room, she made it an attack. Investigators determine that Maxim has been working in the agency "Escort Services". Bobrov and Pankratov are offering a similar attack, which helps them make a sketch of the suspect. Soon the attacks on Victor Krymov. Having studied the circle of acquaintances Krymov Pankratov and Bobrov establish that Victor always provided services of an intimate nature Dadkovskoy Ludmilla, his wife a big banker Igor Dadkovskogo. However, the suspicions against Dadkovskogo not confirmed, and the investigation turned for help to Ryklina, which is taking the next order, according to the address of a meeting of its employees with a mysterious woman ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Все самое лучшее (All the best)	Drama	9.0	Ten-year stepson famous singer Elsa Parshina Misha die under the wheels of the car. Misha's governess and producer of singer Irina one voice blamed for the death of a boy his teacher Sergei Informatics Byazyreva who allegedly committed attempted sexual abuse in relation to Misha. Consequence finds Byazyreva, which makes a shocking confession that he was the father of Misha and many years searching for his son. Examination confirms the words Byazyreva, and it removes all suspicion. Investigating the circumstances of visits to the house Byazyreva Parshin, Bobrov acquainted with his sister Masha and Misha sees a girl signs of physical trauma. Bobrov believes that parents are brutally punished Masha, however, talk with teachers girl convinces her to return ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Побег (Escape)	Drama	9.0	By Olga Bobrova appeals for help by her former colleague Lt. Col. Anton Yakovlev, with whom she had an affair in his youth. Together they are searching for two escapees from the colony of criminals - the rapist and murderer Michael Golovin Goshu Chobua. The corollary establishes that Golovin, convicted a few years ago for the rape of his own stepson Alexei Kharitonov, it can threaten him and his mother Clara, and their common son, Daniel. Bobrov, and Yakovlev, chatting with his mother Golovin Zinaida Petrovna, but it is not recognized, where hides her son. Investigators detained Gosha, who says that he and Golovin managed to bribe the guard. Only after the mysterious disappearance of Alexis and recognition Goshi, Zinaida Petrovna said that she organized and paid for his son escapes and gives Bobrova him. Bobrov sent to the apartment Golovin, where he keeps Alexis, and also becomes his hostage ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Стрелок (Shooter)	Drama	9.0	A teenager with extraordinary brutality kills two seniors, and tries to commit suicide. He committed a crime under the influence of psychotropic medication, but this does not exempt him from criminal responsibility. It turns out that seniors not only mocked the teenager, but also raped the girl, with whom he was in love.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Прокол (Piercing)	Drama	9.0	Investigates the murder of a newborn baby and his mother. To cover their tracks and prove their innocence, a suspect Dr. Pestov, he's - the father of murdered child, takes the analysis of others' blood. Examination establishes that the blood belongs to the pedophile, after which listed a series of brutal rapes ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Врожденный порок (Congenital)	Drama	9.0	In the hospital delivered a girl, the victim of rape. But the questioning did not happen: the unknown offender ahead of law enforcement officers, had abducted and killed the poor ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Трагедия (Tragedy)	Drama	9.0	On the panel Rescue Service received an alarming phone call from a girl who begs to prevent the murder. Beaver and Pankratov, began an investigation, it became known that call - Alain Yerokhina - had disappeared from home. In the workplace reported that she was on maternity leave. Are under suspicion former roommate Maksim Shcheglov of Alena and her sister, Larissa. But the young man knew nothing of his pregnant girlfriend, and Larissa, in spite of the constant quarrels with his sister, hardly ever have dared to commit a crime ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Дитя (Child)	Drama	9.0	By Pankratov asked for help mom girl Katie Down's syndrome. The thing is that her daughter - is pregnant, and parent needs to find the rapist, because sure: voluntarily Katya could not anyone come into an intimate relationship. In the circle of suspects across three - driver Roman, director of the rehabilitation center Mitrofanov and beloved girl, a pupil center Oleg. But genetic examination dismisses all these versions ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Точный расчет (The exact calculation)	Drama	9.0	Successful businessman Eugene Chashchin found dead in his apartment. According to the concierge at Chashchina that day were his common law wife Veronica and son from his first marriage, Peter. It is also known that before he had quarreled with his wife in front of the administration of the kindergarten, where the couple had come for her daughter Jeanne. Interviewing neighbors and friends CHASHCHINA Pankratov and Bobrov learn that Veronica consorted Chashchin only because of its financial position, and she seduced his young son ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Палач (The Executioner)	Drama	9.0	Arriving at the celebration of the betrothal of Leonid and Irina Grigorieva Saiko invited spouses Potapovs found slain groom's fiancee and their friends - Viktor Zhukov with a girl. Cynicism offense struck Bobrov and Pankratov: Unknown Zhukov made the rape the bride and groom - the girl Zhukova, then stole jewelry and family photographs. Bobrov and Pankratov develop the story of personal enmity to the family Grigoryev, but the incident points to a similar crime that appeared in the city serial maniac ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Семейные узы (Family Ties)	Drama	9.0	Sixteen year old schoolgirl Masha Kolobova found dead in the street. Forensic medical examination determines that shortly before his death the deceased had sexual contact. When the girl was found the keys to unknown premises. Mom killed by claims that his daughter was an exemplary student and engaged in a theatrical studio. Suspicion falls head of the studio Stanislav, previously seen in dubious relationships with their female students ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Право на смерть (The right to die)	Drama	9.0	Katya Alekseev, handcuffed and with a plastic bag over his head, found his sister Lena. The girl was saved, but she refuses to name the attacker. According to calculations carried out in the unknown consequences of her apartment about an hour, and inspection of the premises reveals that along with Kate there was another woman. The matter is complicated by the fact that the victim claims: she was raped ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Долгий сон (Long Dream)	Drama	9.0	Investigators became aware that about a year was in a coma Tatiana Polyakov suddenly transferred from a rehabilitation center in the hospital with suspected pneumonia, where during the investigation revealed that she had been raped and is now expecting a baby. Tatiana's parents are sure: the culprit has happened - her boyfriend Dima. But genetic examination removes suspicion and with it, and part of the center's employees. Suddenly, on the order of a neurologist Minkov Tatiana transferred back to rehabilitation, where the gynecologist was ready to do her abortion.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Почерк убийцы (The handwriting killer)	Drama	9.0	In the park found the body of post-graduate law faculty Eugenia Voronkova. The girl had been strangled, and the crime scene - fenced special tape used by the investigating authorities. Other traces of the murderer did not leave. From talking with the classmate who died, investigators know that they helped each other to collect materials for dissertations and met frequently with the general supervisor - Professor Kryuchkov ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Безумие (Madness)	Drama	9.0	A young single mother, Valentina lost younger son Zhenya. Investigators are finding out that her mother forbade the boy from seeing his father. Soon after an unknown assailant on the chef and director of the pizzeria, where they often visited with Eugene Valentine. In the back room schools found photos of a boy with a strange inscription: "Shura" ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Яхтсмен (Yachtsman)	Drama	9.0	Mum 16-year-Hope Rusakova says rape his daughter. Girlfriend is confused in the testimony and can not give any exact description of the assailant, nor specify the scene. The only hook the investigation is nicknamed the rapist - The man. Should help and Internet correspondence girl with him ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Смерть в объективе (Death in the lens)	Drama	9.0	At the entrance to the hospital was found beaten and raped 18-year-old fashion model Ilona Shirokov. In addition to serious injuries doctors diagnosed the critical content of amphetamines in her blood. It is known that on the eve of the victim participated in a photo shoot, arranged by a modeling agency. But with the shooting Ilona fired, accusing it of excess weight. Along with her that day had gone model Nadine Pavlikova. Her body was the second girl was found near a nightclub ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Месть (Revenge)	Drama	9.0	The park is found dead a young assistant district attorney Lyubov Volodina. Member of the investigative team Sedykh - Assistant Attorney Svetlana Shchukina - takes this as a personal tragedy, because Luba was her friend. Shchukin, recalls how have met her in a cafe and noticed there is a suspicious man following them. Investigators questioned the workers who made repairs in the park, and they identify a number of photos from in the base police rapists ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Лесник (Forester)	Drama	9.0	In the forest, found the corpses of men and a young girl Tanya Antonova. Suspicion initially falls on her young man, but he has - a solid alibi. Then, as arranged the murder, Gray recalls the famous handwriting of a maniac named Forester, which is investigating crimes many years ago, unsuccessfully engaged investigator Semchuk. Then, without having experienced failure, Semchuk committed suicide. To investigate the new episodes are connected assistant Semchuk - Vetrova investigator ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Скромницы (Prude)	Drama	9.0	On the roof of a house found dead a young girl. According to the documents, the unhappy - it's Elina Volodin. But it soon turns out that Elina - alive and dead girl - her younger sister, Valentina Semenova, often takes as a passport for passage into Volodya's nightclubs. In high school, where she studied Valya, Pankratov and Bobrov talking to her girlfriend MAIL, which states that Semenov led a quiet and measured life. But the analysis of Internet communication Wali tells a different story ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Монстр (Monster)	Drama	9.0	During a children's holiday disappears young Gene Somov. By the corollary to connect freelance journalist Skripnichenko. Random evidence of abduction - neighbor boy Denis - claims that he saw an unknown man followed Gena. Soon after the description of the investigators go on living in the vicinity of the school security guard suspected of pedophilia. He is detained, and then found strangled Gena at an abandoned construction site with horrible injuries - coats and stones in his mouth.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Экстрасенс (Psychic)	Drama	9.0	After receiving an anonymous phone call from an unknown male, the family learns of the disappearance of Stepnovyh young Nelly. His mother and sister kidnapped girls are convinced that Nelly kept a decent life and could not itself incur the trouble. Contrary to persuasion Bobrov, mother Nellie appears on television to appeal for help in finding her daughter. After this investigation is connected to renowned psychic Gregory beekeepers. He points to the basement of the house where the girl found strangled ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Совесть (Conscience)	Drama	9.0	By becoming an unwitting witness to a robbery cafe, Seleznev intervenes and kills two attackers, saving the life of a coincidence that at the scene of the boy. Soon it comes to Irina Molchanov, drug addicts mother Tamara, who died many years ago as a result of special operation carried out Seleznev. Feeling remorse, he starts to find his grandson ... Molchanova, which Tamara gave birth shortly before his death.
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Забота (Care)	Drama	9.0	In a newly built house among debris found dead five-year girl Luda Izotov. Investigators found striking with her wooden sword with a pigtail attached to it. At first, suspicion falls on construction worker Govorova, who often played with children. But tells amazing story of the investigators of frequent fights with his brother Nikita Luda. Expertise found in a newly built house of things that belong to Nikita, shows that he could become the killer's sister ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Право на счастье (The right to happiness)	Drama	9.0	During a school trip has mysteriously disappeared 17-year-old Sonia Pankov and her 13-year-old fan of Bob Afanasiev. While investigators tried to find a motive, hot on the trail, was detained the boy, who decided to stage their abduction and caught with the accomplice in the transmission of redemption. True, Bob says that he knows nothing about the whereabouts of Sonia ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Любовь и смерть (Love and Death)	Drama	9.0	Found dead a young employee of a jewelry store Lapin. Director of Interior Bobrov learned that she was engaged to his son. Of safe-deposit box Lapina investigators seized a video from unknown threats against a man and a large sum of money. And soon it's expert advice: deceased was pregnant, but not the groom, and from his father ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Смерть насильнику (Death of a rapist)	Drama	9.0	In a rented apartment were found the corpses of women and girls. It turned out that killed a single mother Helen and her 10-year-old daughter Maria had been raped. A friend of the deceased said they were living in poverty, constantly borrowed money, and shortly before the tragedy, the landlord offered to reduce rent in exchange for intimacy, but Helen refused because she had a fan ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Игры разума (A Beautiful Mind)	Drama	9.0	In a statement Grizzly department asked the psychiatrist Anna Beetle, suspects his patient Galina Solovieva of abusing her year-old daughter Tania. After talking with neighbors, Bobrov and Pankratov know that Beetle and Soloviev - the same person. Soon, investigators can detain Solovyov in the park, but Galina says she has no children, and pretends to be a girl Masha ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Расплата за обман (Payback for cheating)	Drama	9.0	Zoe Rubin accuses her ex-husband Paul in the rape. Bobrov and Pankratov begin an investigation. Zoe says that after a serious injury and loss of work, Paul began to ruin oneself by drink, to behave aggressively toward her and their daughter, Luda. Paul insists on his innocence, claiming that his ex-wife forced him to divorce and otherwise prevent contact with his daughter. Who is telling the truth?
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Карта смерти (Map of Death)	Drama	9.0	The park has found an abandoned baby with a note pointing to the kidnapping of his mother - the famous writer, author of detective Anna Simovskoy. Follow the prompts transmitted mysterious intruder in numerous memoirs, Bobrov and Seleznev, find an apartment, where the offender was holding its prey. But the woman was dead. The handwriting looks familiar maniac Gray ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Семейная драма (Family drama)	Drama	9.0	In front of a teacher and classmate kidnapped a young schoolgirl Katya Khromov. Suspicion falls on living near the site of the accident perpetrator Marat Petrova, but he dies in detention. Meanwhile, parents of Katie and Galina Konstantin receives a call from the kidnappers demanding ransom. Spouses are frightened, as extortionist during a call can see everything that happens in their apartment ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Доверие (Confidence)	Drama	9.0	Grizzly Group is investigating the case of rape the young Amy Savelyeva. Thanks to the local precinct Korshunov Pankratov and Bobrov learn that shortly before the incident came to freedom of serial maniac Oleg Trunov, previously always attack the girls, along with his partner. Korshunov convinced that rape Saveleva - his handiwork. But how to expose a hardened recidivist?
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Тени прошлого (Shadows of the Past)	Drama	9.0	Group Gray investigates the reasons for the systematic beating Ksenia Malygina. The girl's mother accuses her ex-husband in all of David Akopyan, he is confident that his daughter was the victim of his stepfather, Igor. Alternately interrogating the two men, Bobrov and Pankratov realize that they each had their own reasons for committing a crime ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Девушка-оборотень (The girl werewolf)	Drama	9.0	The park is found murdered and raped schoolgirl Angelica Volodin. According to the testimony of parents, she had to spend the night with girlfriend Katie, but she denies the existence of such an agreement. Suspicion falls on Angelica's friend Sergei, whom she has changed with the musician Igor, but both guys - a solid alibi ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Страх (Fear)	Drama	9.0	Rising star movie Alice Karetnikau found on the site. The girl had been raped. Girl's stepfather initially flatly refused to cooperate with the investigation, but at some point changed his attitude. According to the victim, dragged her to the construction guys are strangers, whom she accidentally met on the street, but from conversations with her classmates, investigators learned that the girl is someone covers ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Последний миг счастья (The last moment of happiness)	Drama	9.0	Known TV presenter, was brutally raped. As one of the identikit assailant identified the spectators of a young man - Sergei Markin. In his apartment, investigators found numerous photos and female ritual accessories, confirming the hypothesis of its possible involvement in the crime. But whether he is guilty? ..
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Истина превыше всего (Truth is above all)	Drama	9.0	The family lawyer Oleg Rumyantsev was attacked. Waking up after the bounce, the lawyer saw the terrible scene, his wife was killed and her daughter had disappeared. Investigators were able to find out that the girl is hiding at his friend Vanya Matveeva, with whom she strictly forbade parents to meet ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Идеальный план (perfect plan)	Drama	9.0	In his apartment was raped and killed an employee of Victoria Realtor Kozyrev. After talking with her colleagues, the investigators discover that the victim was preparing for a wedding with some Roman Dobrovolsky. Marianne friend Vicki argues that the deceased had a secret passion - it incognito striptease in night clubs. Suspicion falls on one of her admirers, doggedly pursued the girl. However, and Dobrovolsky, and Timur - alibi ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	15 минут славы (15 minutes of fame)	Drama	9.0	At the request of his daughter Masha Pankratov begin the search for an unknown attacker, who raped her classmate Faith Kuzin, in broad daylight at the station. He manages to get out and find witnesses to the operative, who first arrived on the scene, but none of them saw the faces of the assailant, hidden under a mask. Meanwhile, there are two more similar attacks. The victims - a famous socialite and a student ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Кровавый след (bloody trail)	Drama	9.0	Downtown brutally murdered a young pregnant girl. Found the corpse of Major Trokhin convinced that the victim was a prostitute, and the nature of the crime like writing a long time is in search of a serial killer. But experts have refuted this version. After analyzing the lists of missing persons, establishes the identity of the deceased Bobrov. She is a young medical school student Tamara Nechaev, who worked in a drug treatment clinic ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Наследник (Successor)	Drama	9.0	At the supermarket, underground car park was an audacious young businesswoman Krutin rape. After reviewing the criminal file, the investigators concluded that the similarity of the handwriting of a crime with a well-known handwriting of serial killer, nicknamed the Flying Dutchman. Despite the fact that the Dutch have long hid, Gray decided to develop this version ...
3301	Zakon i Poryadok. Otdel operativnykh rassledovaniy	Расправа (Reprisal)	Drama	9.0	In the district school shooting occurs, resulting in several wounded students. One of the students - Denis Pogoreltsev - tells investigators that the home of a classmate Bory Skvortsov saw the gun. When it appears that Skvortsova - an airtight alibi, the experts are on the next roof shotgun. No doubt remains: all the shots were fired from this weapon ...
3302	Vera	Vera	Drama	9.3	DCI Vera Stanhope (Brenda Blethyn) is obsessive about her work. She faces the world with caustic wit, guile and courage. Alongside her is Joe Ashworth (David Leon), her right-hand man and surrogate son. Together they tackle each new case with unparalleled professionalism.
3304	Wonderland	Wonderland	Drama	none	Wonderland is a warm and engaging relationship drama revolving around four couples at very different stages of life – the star-crossed singles, blissful newlyweds, hot new lovers and long-term marrieds. We join them as they navigate the light-hearted and sometimes painful minefield of love and friendship.Set in Wonderland, an apartment building on the doorstep of one of Australia's most beautiful beaches, the residents are an eclectic bunch, but they all have something essential in common: each of them reminds us of someone we know, or even ourselves.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Drama	9.0	"Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel" - the Russian version of the world famous American series "Law & Order: Criminal Intent." In the line of the series we are talking about such complex matters as murder, sophisticated fraud, etc. A team of specialists, consisting of two detectives, partners, led by their chief, reveal the most incredible and twisted things. Each episode is a serious investigation, rigorous work of the main characters, by which they try to understand the psychology of the criminal and clear the waters.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Искусство (Art)	Drama	9.0	Professional art appraiser Boris Druyan and art museum director Anna Khaletskay are found dead, it looks like a murder suicide. Diring the investigation it becomes clear that this is a double murder in order to hide major art fraud.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Закрытое дело (Closed Case)	Drama	9.0	The body of a woman who was missing for 12 years is found in a landfill. Suspicion falls on her former classmates - a deaf Alexander Morozov and his successful "friend" Lipatov.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Клевета (Slander)	Drama	9.0	The author of bestseller "My daddy - Thug" Ilona Skorobogatova decides to write a second book. Perhaps this will be a new revelation of criminal cases. But suddenly, Ilona is murdered in her own apartment. Detectives have to solve who committed the crime - the Mafia or someone else.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Под прикрытием (Undercover)	Drama	9.0	The daughter of a famous former athlete is living the life of a "golden" girl. Her father, Roman Viktorovich Tolbukhin, is dissatisfied with not only the way of life of his only daughter, but also of her surroundings but attempts to dig something leads to a sad end and Tolbukhina is killed. During theinvestigation the detectives expose an agent leading a double life.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Добрый доктор (The Good Doctor)	Drama	9.0	Plastic surgeon Peter Klimov's wife disappears. Detectives George and Irene start an investigation. Suspicion falls on Pyotr Klimov. But there is no evidence - the murderer carefully removed all traces. the detectives have to work hard to prove the guilt of the offender.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Аристократ (The Aristocrat)	Drama	9.0	A swindler, posing as the descendant of the Romanov family, fakes his own murder. Very influential people are under suspicion. During the investigation it appears that the scammer is still alive, and detectives have to use all their skills to find him.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Дон Жуан (Don Juan)	Drama	9.0	The detectives investigate a lawyer who's girlfriends keep turning up murdered, but his wife starts to stonewall their investigation.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Волчье логово (Wolf's Lair)	Drama	9.0	Sergei Kalganov's wife and two daughters are kidnapped by a loan shark as collateral on a huge debt, The detectives are frustrated by his lack of cooperation, even after one of the girls is raped. Stonewalled by the frightened family, the detectives need to find this brutal offender.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Ошибка генерала (General's Mistake)	Drama	9.0	A young couple decides to get off drugs and start a new life, but suddenly the girl is killed. Who wanted to ruin the joy of a young couple? Perhaps the parents did not approve of their son's choice of girlfriend.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Враг среди своих (Enemy Within)	Drama	9.0	Leonid Zvezdin is afraid for his safety. He equips his apartment with the latest technology and makes the bathroom an impregnable fortress. It is not by chance that he dies there. The detectives have to understand the complex relationships in the Zvezdin family to understand that the murderer is to be found somewhere near.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Человек-невидимка (The Invisible Man)	Drama	9.0	The body of Phillip Kapranov, released from prison just two days ago, is found in a botanical garden. Suspicion falls on his sister, who has a romantic connection to a man who is living a double life.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Коллекционер (The Collector)	Drama	9.0	The detectives try to unravel a deadly mystery after an elderly woman dies and bequeaths some of her estate to Catherine Finogeeva who is subsequently murdered. The tragic death of Catherine leads detectives to a fanatical lover of cars.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Багаж (Baggage)	Drama	9.0	Young girl Eugene Solovyov, Deputy Head of Service, Airport Pick-up, found murdered in her own car. Investigators Gregory and Irina find out that she was sexually harassed by their subordinates - Loaders Makarov, Anatoly Antonov and Krainov. And after the investigation ended in the hands of a diary of the deceased, it became known that she had long been in love with her boss - Konstantin Razumov. Razumov's reputation does not hold water: a liar, hung up and ... the head of stevedores, voruyuschey valuables from the passengers' luggage.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Чудовище (Monster)	Drama	9.0	Mariana Igorevna mother recently released Yartseva, serving time for rape and murder of a girl found dead in his apartment. During the investigation, emerges a very strange story: Woman killed accidentally discovered videotapes of sexual entertainment son with his girlfriend Nadia and decided to launch an investigation of another old rape case, "the handwriting" close as it seemed to her son. New girlfriend Yartseva Eugene argues that on the night of killing his mother, he was not with her, depriving him of an alibi ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Ядовитые мечты (Poisonous Dreams)	Drama	9.0	Of heart failure, one after another died a few patients clinic. This sudden death leads doctors to confusion. It turns out that shortly before the death of the patients resulted in feelings of a nurse Jana Makeyev. She admits that provoked a cardiac arrest in their patients. Such a dangerous stunt it was necessary to subsequently save the sick and look like a heroine in the eyes of her lover - a security guard of the same hospital ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Оборотень (Werewolf)	Drama	9.0	Head of Auditing Services mayor of Moscow Andrey Shilov killed along with his entire family - his wife Anna and son, Dima. The investigation did not immediately shallow version of what their loved Andrew killed himself because his wife caught him with treason and is clearly not going to lower it to him with it. But it soon appeared that Shilov found serious violations in the activities of a private security companies providing security in schools ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Лучшая защита (Best Defense)	Drama	9.0	Suddenly, in Peter's life Bolueva not too successful prosecutor of middle age, things begin to happen unexplained. Series of accidents makes the accuser to think, but do not pursue whether his detractors from the criminal underworld? When come to the meeting is not a whistleblower and someone says false information about his wife, Bolu goes for help. Soon it suspicious Attorney complicates the attempt ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Еще раз про Золушку (One More Time About Cinderella)	Drama	9.0	Daughter of a banker, Vladimir Kuznetsov, and friend of her brother Ivan were found dead in the apartment the girl. Goes quite a bit of time and it turns out that Robert - the brother Ally - also dead. Investigators suspect Tina, a new wife Kuznetsova. But detectives are confused by the fact that the crime scene had been carefully laid out in a number of pea. It is virtually unmistakable evidence that the murderer - a serious mental disabilities ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Близкие люди (Close People)	Drama	9.0	The owner of a fitness center Ekaterina Turinina found dead in his own bathroom. The corollary states that before her death, she seriously fell out with his daughter Julia, because of her husband Constantine Rakov, which were connected with the competitor company Turininoy long ago who wanted to buy her business. Catherine thought he trickster and offered him money so he left her daughter alone. But Constantine did not take the money. Quarrel with his mother served as a great motive for the murder of Julie, and her arrest ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Чудо-мальчик (Miracle Boy)	Drama	9.0	Educational center for gifted children shuddered with horror: in one moment educational institution has lost two staff members - were killed the center's director, Alexander Vorobyov and psychologist Cyrus Mozheiko. Detectives found that Alexander and Cyrus were lovers. Who could be beneficial to their death? Perhaps the real target of the criminals was not Vorobyov, Kira, without a recommendation that no child could not do the training.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Без страха (Without Fear)	Drama	9.0	Amin Tong - a student of Higher Mathematics and Cybernetics, who came to study from Ulan-Ude - found dead. All the information from her computer had disappeared. The investigation revealed that the girl along with her classmate Yuri has developed a program to predict the outcome of races to run, but paired with another student played in a casino on their system calculate the probability of winning. Pops up, and the fact that shortly before his death, Amina Yuri sold the program to a certain Cyril - daring player who attracts talented students to work on housebreaking and adjusting the results list of arrivals at the races ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Исправленная ошибка (Correcting Mistakes)	Drama	9.0	Murdered French Susie Blanche - wife of a wealthy businessman Dmitry Selivanov. Suspicion falls on Dmitry mistress Svetlana, a long time was had on the content and even get a share in the strip club. But soon the unknown set fire to the club ... detectives became known that Suzy was aware of the adventures of a spouse and secretly preparing to divorce. My wife was a financial guarantee her husband: it is thanks to its capital Dimitri was able to raise your business. Suddenly pops up in another person involved - heavy-handed mother Selivanova, manages his son's life, and knowing about a possible divorce ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Теория убийства (The Theory of Murder)	Drama	9.0	In the hotel room found murdered young girl. Judging by the handwriting, it was the work of a maniac - "hospitality Chekatilo" Constantine Revenchuka. But he is in prison, serving a term of five similar murders. George and Irina understand: either Revenchuka appeared wannabe, or someone trying to work on the justification of a maniac. Becomes aware that the deceased often visited the club for lesbians. The next visit was just before his death, and witnesses recall that on that evening she met with some unknown woman, and went along with it ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Полупрофессионал (Semi-Professional)	Drama	9.0	For many years, Judge Chernoff and his secretary, Alia Kipreevu linked not work relationship. Talented subordinate not only brightened leisure of his boss, but also was the author of most papers, thanks to which black and got a degree, and a place in the jury. But in one moment everything was over: Alla found dead in the stairwell of the house of her lover ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Легион (Legion)	Drama	9.0	Killed a father and son Poluyanova. During the investigation it turns out that Sasha Poluyanov together with other boys went to a recording studio Andrei Maslov. But George and Irene can not talk to other guys: someone moved to his father, someone - other relatives. Detectives are suspicious that too many children out of school Poluyanova dramatically changed the place of residence. And then he found the body of children's descriptions similar to the missing boys. Parents are scared and refuse to cooperate with the investigation. Becomes clear: someone is keeping them at bay ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Четвертый всадник (The Fourth Horseman)	Drama	9.0	Through a window with a shot from a sniper rifle is killed, the gynecologist Alexeev. His wife Mira recalls that her husband was threatened by representatives of the anti-abortion. At the place where supposedly conducted shooting, investigators found a rifle and hair killer. Managed to establish the identity and owner of the site from which received threats. All threads lead to a religious sect "The Fourth Horseman" ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Танец кобры (Dance of the Cobra)	Drama	9.0	The Director-General of a large company Platonov forced to retire. Events few accelerated memo, written by one of the candidates for his post - Oleg Sergeyev. During a corporate party aide Platonov Nikolay no secret feelings for the further status of their cases - Sergeev, it does not like that obviously threatened with dismissal. Platonov signaled a subordinate that washes its hands, and after a while Sergeyev was found dead in a parking lot ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Ревность (Jealousy)	Drama	9.0	The young musician Konstantin Lvov - the patient successfully psychiatrist Lidia Larinovoy - became part-time lover of the doctor. However, Lydia quickly bored with this relationship, and she tried to break a tie. But Constantine insisted on the continuation of the novel and one without an invitation, said on her birthday. Larinova drove the hapless admirer, and a few days later he was found dead in his own recording studio ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Жизнь в долг (Life in Debt)	Drama	9.0	Valentin Milutin, a suspect in organizing the contract killing of his business partner, is released from custody. But no sooner had the businessman had left the walls of the detention facility, he had to go back to the office of detectives: his wife Pauline was killed right on the doorstep of their apartment. Investigators suspect at first son Milutin Anatolia, but his father had long been deprived of his inheritance and he had no motive. Suddenly, in comes a new figurant - Comrade Milutin in jail, someone Ledogorov ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Муки совести (Suffering Conscience)	Drama	9.0	Renowned neurologist Anna Fomichev, specializing in work with patients in a state of prolonged coma, was found dead in a pool, where she regularly engaged in swimming. Becomes aware that Fomicheva developed a new method of treatment, using dangerous drugs. Husband of one of the patients was strongly against such experiments. Studied in detail the medical history of women, the result showed that heart attack, in which she fell into a coma - not an accident. George and she managed to install and tune - one million dollars ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Вера (Faith)	Drama	9.0	Published by Anatoly Shiryaev comes with a companion in the house of spouses Usoltsev and clamoring for a meeting with their adopted daughter Vera. Having a reasonable refusal, Shiryaev threatened to sue. And soon in the park are burned car with a charred corpse of the publisher. Experts state that the death was a result of several hard blows to the head ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Близнецы (Twins)	Drama	9.0	In-store optics serious emergency - shot by the seller. Around the body was discovered advertising stand with the company logo "Vision Style, which specializes in changing the color of his eyes. It is as if someone had specifically put it next to a corpse after the murder. From the Vice-President George and Irene know that he recently received a letter with threats and accusations of a devilish appearance change people. Investigators are aware that they are dealing with a paranoid, fearing someone with a change of appearance ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Минута славы (Minute of Fame)	Drama	9.0	After the death of her husband's Margarita Steam begins to live in a big way, nor in denying themselves nothing. Its main goal - the dream of his youth and become an actress. But soon the bright horizon of the coming popularity overshadowed unexpectedly disclosed the fact. It turns out that her husband had not died a natural death, and had been poisoned, and becomes the prime suspect is pushed to White Castle's widow ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Билет в вечность (A Ticket to Eternity)	Drama	9.0	Immediately after his father's death among children - Alla and Eugene Kostetskiy - there are unresolved disputes over the disposal of the body. Eugene insists on the traditional funeral, Alla - to freeze the body in liquid nitrogen. Boiling passions was destined not for long: soon Alla found murdered ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Увидь меня (See Me)	Drama	9.0	Ophthalmologists who secretly suffers from schizophrenia and following his own theory of treatment of this disease, carries out experimental operations mentally ill patients. He kills a psychiatrist, an unexpected intervention which could reveal his secret.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Горсть пепла (A Handful of Ashes)	Drama	9.0	Ensign police Kalashnikov constantly in conflict with his superiors and colleagues. He does not find a place and at home: rushing through the night, hiding from imaginary pursuers, what gives her neighbor in the communal concern. Soon Kalashnikov falls under suspicion of murdering ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Погрешность (Fallibility)	Drama	9.0	Found dead undertakers Oleg Yudin with sewn mouth. In the circle of suspects someone gets Martynov - owner of a private mortuary. Under pressure from the investigation, he acknowledged that getting money from the hospital, he was not cremated the dead and buried at the dump near his crematorium. But who could be advantageous to have access to so many unaccounted for dead bodies? It turns out that many of the identified dead were involved in committing assassinations, and the remaining unsolved. Investigators met with the brother Martynov business consultant Troyanovsky, taught the art of management Martynov, and find out who was behind a chain of mysterious deaths ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Аутопсия (Autopsy)	Drama	9.0	Sisters Olga and Svetlana Martynovs quarrel because of the conditions the funeral of their deceased mother Pauline - Olga insisted on the funeral of her beloved mother's ring, and Svetlana wants to conduct a cremation in accordance with the agreement drawn up by Pauline shortly before his death. However, the ring disappeared without trace, and Pauline cremated. Olga soon discover dead, and the examination determines that the cause of death - an overdose of drugs. Svetlana interrogated, investigators know that the ring was very valuable. Olga deceased suspect previously convicted Khromova fiance of his sister, but he is not involved either in the theft ring, not to murder, but somebody obviously wants to substitute it ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Заблудший (Stray)	Drama	9.0	The investigators track a double-crossing "Bonnie and Clyde" couple whose nine bloody victims include two undercover police investigating an illegal gun-running ring. To gain a foothold on slim evidence, Loginov focuses on the mental processes of one suspect - and he knows that his female companion pulls the strings.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Чокнутый (Crazy)	Drama	9.0	Renowned heart surgeon Leonid Feldman shot dead in a toilet restaurant. Suspicion falls on ex-wife killed Veronica, had accused him of abuse of their little daughter Sonya, and then her sister Veronica Seraphim Linkov. However, Sonia rejects the accusations against her father. On hearing this, Seraphim displays consequence on the real killer ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Хаос (Chaos)	Drama	9.0	On the area of the Leningrad station killed a student of architectural institute. Attracts the attention of investigators known architect, whose work was fond of the dead. It turns out that the architect once married to three women, one pregnant, and the student has the illegitimate son of an architect ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Вторая жизнь (Second Life)	Drama	9.0	Killed two men - Ivan Kirillov, is wanted on charges of large-scale embezzlement of depositors' money, and his own son, Leonid ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Счастливая семейка (Happy Family)	Drama	9.0	Murdered businessman Mikhail Solodovnik. Under suspicion are all members of his family. Petrine and Loginov inspect the apartment of his ex-wife and exhibit potent drugs ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Правда (Truth)	Drama	9.0	Murdered a young woman - a reporter popular gazety.Pod suspicion both of her lover: a journalist of the same edition, steal someone else's article and the head of the newspaper expose this fraud.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Голод (Hunger)	Drama	9.0	One after the other two girls are victims of a maniac, trying to hold them to the operation of lobotomy.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Серебряная линия (Silver Line)	Drama	9.0	The park is found strangled by antiques expert Rita Titov. Investigators determine that on the eve of his death, Rita met with the customer expertise silver spoons.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Финиш (Finish)	Drama	9.0	Young scientist dies from an overdose of heart medication that is added to his coffee. Investigators are on the wrong track, yet learn that shortly before his death proved a fallacy of the scientific theory of a prominent professor.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Жеребец (Stallion)	Drama	9.0	Investigates the murder of women - veterrinara, zapodozrrivshey that the horse of her client is used to transport heroin ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Колесница судьбы (Chariot of Fate)	Drama	9.0	In the midst of the trading day the market was killed by a young Chinese girl Annie Denisov. From the conversation with her husband Loginov and Peter have learned that in early childhood in the eyes of Annie, was brutally murdered by her father. A witness at the market told investigators that before his death, she noticed someone and even chased the man. There is a version that Annie found the murderer ... All threads lead to the house where rents premises Chinese Shu, engaged in manufacturing fake certificates for the importation of works of art from China ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Ромалы (Romanies)	Drama	9.0	Inspector killed juvenile Marina Levchik. To unravel this matter, Loginov, and Peter will have to understand the complicated ritual relations Marina with her gypsy family. It turns out that Levchik was strongly against involvement in fortune-telling fraud and theft young Glasha - the daughter of her niece Lily. But the Gypsy Baron, brother of Marina, demanded not to interfere in family affairs ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Тихий омут (Still Waters)	Drama	9.0	During a speech on the radio President of the Foundation Nikolai Kupriyanov, learns about the kidnapping of his mother Galina and her daughter Tamara. After consulting with his brother, he decides to pay a ransom. However, from treatment to the police, too, Nick refuses. Suspicion of the investigation is a detailed knowledge of criminals on the financial status of the fund and the scheduling of meetings of its staff. Logins and Peter come to the conclusion that the organizer of the abduction is closely connected with someone from a family Kupriyanovs ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Убийца среди нас (A Murderer Among Us)	Drama	9.0	Employee of a nursing home Irina Golenkova found with his throat cut in her bathroom. Her husband is not credible by investigators, because the words of friends killed, the spouse often raised her hand. Suddenly begin to emerge stories of murders associated with the family Golenkova. Under mysterious circumstances, killing the driver nursing home, son-in one patient, a colleague Irina ... All these cases are united by one circumstance, which becomes the main hook: the killer - a southpaw ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Лицедей (Hypocrite)	Drama	9.0	Theater School student killed by Tatiana Smirnova, and escorted her to the house on the day of killing classmate Nikita Rodin seriously wounded. Logins and Peter questioned a young man and learn that on the eve of the tragedy was going to make Nikita Tanya proposal and considered the engagement ring in a bar near their institution before the eyes of two teenagers. Going out on the trail of the suspects, the investigators found they had stolen the ring and purse-Thani, but teenagers deny everything, and describes in detail the attacker ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Омела (Mistletoe)	Drama	9.0	Mysteriously disappears popular radio presenter Simon Bessonov. From conversations with colleagues and friends Loginov and Peter learn about severe depression, which remained Bessonov. His condition was aggravated by the upcoming dismissal. Has not facilitated the investigators of the problem and the recognition of his wife. It turns out that Simon had already attempted to commit suicide ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Танцор (Dancer)	Drama	9.0	Policemen go to an emergency call - a robbery of the post office. When you try to arrest a robber bursts in front of the custody order. In place of the coming Loginov and Peter. They believe that the deceased Edward Dorokhov had an accomplice, who had been watching all the part and had to disable the timer if the operation succeeded. But finding out who could make Edward go on a dangerous business, not so easy ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Доброе имя (Reputation)	Drama	9.0	In the yard of an abandoned house found dead Valeria Zaborin. It turns out that on the eve of his wife, Anna, asked the police a statement about the disappearance of her husband. Shortly before the incident his wife quarreled, and Anna came to live with relatives. Valeria is last seen coming out of the bar. Investigation reveals interesting facts from the biography of newly-made widows, but whether they can serve as proof of her involvement in her husband's death? ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Украденная красота (Stolen beauty)	Drama	9.0	Lisa Roslyakova taken to hospital with severe chemical poisoning. Doctors were powerless, and a day later she died. Examination showed that she was poisoned by chlorine-containing poison. Logins and Peter, began an investigation, find out about the mysterious man with whom Lisa led frivolous correspondence on the Internet. From relatives, they learned that the mysterious recipient is not only addiction to cocaine Lisa, but also supplied her with drugs in the mail ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Дар (The Gift)	Drama	9.0	Elizabeth lost her son who was a journalist; he died under puzzling circumstances. Crime investigators believe that it was a ritual homicide. Soon they find a religious sect, the members of which assured credulous Elizabeth that she had a supernatural gift. Will the detectives find a clue?
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Настоящие родители (Real Parents)	Drama	9.0	Despite the witness protection program, someone cracked down on a married couple Borisov. Husband Denis has strongly damaged the Tambov criminal group, giving testimony in court about their financial mismanagement. During a search of the apartment were killed Loginov found a scrap of photos of unknown men. Investigators believe that the bandits are not to blame. Light on this complicated case unexpectedly sheds Raya, the daughter of Borisovs ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Безупречный (Perfect)	Drama	9.0	In a car accident kills teenager Sasha and his mother Nina Tsarev and three younger brothers are treated in hospital. Logins and Peter examine witnesses of the incident and determine what caused the accident served as a technical fault. However, the man accidentally saved the Tsarevo and her sons, insists on its version, according to which Nina herself wanted to commit suicide and kill their children ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Имитатор (Simulator)	Drama	9.0	The mutilated body of a certain model's Olesya Slavutich was found in the apartment miserable. The first came under suspicion of her friend - male model Alex Volkov, after a quarrel with her before the eyes of his colleagues on the podium. However, the head of the modeling agency Mironov says, the scandal was part of a planned advertising campaign. Meanwhile, the second murder is a young girl Katie. The handwriting is identical.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Одиночка (Loner)	Drama	9.0	Loginov and Peter investigate the circumstances of a daring and sophisticated jewelry store robbery. Attackers have developed an elaborate scheme: entering the apartment one floor above, they drilled a hole in the floor and entered the shop in the store, taking the jewelry. But have not calculated the time. No time returning to the owners of the apartment living it was decided not to leave.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Своя вина (Own Wine)	Drama	9.0	Accountant killed a boarding school for troubled teens Lavrent'ev. After talking with the director, Loginov and Peter learn that before the tragedy at the accountant had a conflict with the pupils - and Sergey Kravtsov Gleb Vasyutin. But the evidence against them insufficient. Soon it becomes clear that immediately after the murder took Kravtsov a friend's jacket, because his clothes were smeared with blood. Investigators are rushing to arrest, but too late: Hleb is dead.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Фактор смерти (Factor of death )	Drama	9.0	In a hotel room in Moscow killed a sales representative pharmaceutical company "Salvus" Andrew Schrader. When it discovered the drug "Factor 8", used to treat diabetes. Looking around the body, investigators noticed that the dead man had disappeared from the hands of the clock. Loginov found that on the eve of the tragedy Andrew met with the doctor of the Russian Embassy in Thailand Akimov. Occasion was very unpleasant - the party of "Factor 8", infected with the AIDS virus.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Поиски правды (The search for truth)	Drama	9.0	In suburban hotel room was found dead a young student, Natasha. From a friend, slept with her, and Loginov, Peter learned that on the eve of the girls had fun at the nearby bar, where he met with young people and Dima Pasha. Late for the train, her friends had to stop at a local hotel, where they kindly drove a taxi driver, always running around a local bar. Immediately alerted investigators that she clearly remembers only a few details last night.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Хороший-плохой (A good-bad)	Drama	9.0	The banker and his wife murdered, kidnapped from their hiding-place a large sum of money. The first falls under suspicion of their son, a drug addict, but he denies his guilt. Then attention switched to the consequences of a drug dealer who threatened his son with death banker. But the young detective Shchedrov, convinced of the guilt the addict continues to prosecute the son of the deceased couple, and detaining the young man, knocks out his confession.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Конкуренты (Competitors)	Drama	9.0	Killed by fire inspection inspector Paul Buranov. The examination showed that on the eve of death he was eating delicious caviar beluga, and the widow is the recent visit of Paul to the fish restaurant "Heron" and poisoning. Soon it becomes clear that the owner of the establishment Anton Gorokhov lost it in the night of the murder Buranova. Of his bride and the employee, "Heron," the investigators found: on the day of poisoning by mistake Buranov inspect their restaurant, although it should have come with check personnel Rospotrebnadzor.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Искупление (Atonement)	Drama	9.0	Killed by the famous singer Lola Matveev. Loginov and Peter find out that before the tragedy she and her husband bought their personal belongings at a charity auction conducted by her former producer Eisenberg. Investigators drew the attention of one of the lots purchased - the missing diary Eisenberg, which could contain up dirt on many celebrities who began his career with.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Бестселлер (Bestseller)	Drama	9.0	From the television program known journalist Ladov Loginov and Peter learn about children's sensational confession head drama school Bogdanov in the murder of his pupils - the young actress Ira Efimova, which occurred many years ago. According to him the night of the tragedy of Ira celebrated his birthday, as he stalked the girl and tried to make love to her and inadvertently killed in the garage of the house of her mother. However, the examination showed that Ira died a virgin.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Разбитые мечты (Broken Dreams)	Drama	9.0	The clinic famous surgeon Andrew Mstsislauye killed a young doctor, Laura Sviridov. After talking with the chief physician of the hospital and a relative of Laura, the investigators found that the girl was going to marry a Frenchman and go to live abroad. The experts found under the fingernails of the deceased particles narcotic drug and blood ... Mstislav.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Опухоль (Tumor)	Drama	9.0	At an abandoned warehouse employee was found dead SES Konstantin Melnichenko. From the district Loginov and Peter have learned that the warehouse was a "point" of drug trafficking. Local dealer gave detectives Baskakov used needle, which is found in the warehouse, but experts have determined that it was she was made an injection of poison that killed Malnichenko. Who made the fatal shot?
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Кто лучше? (Who better?)	Drama	9.0	In his bed was found dead the son of a prominent businessman, Andrei Generalov. The experts found that he had been poisoned by toxic chemicals contained in a regular milkshake. His wife, Sveta said she always cooked cocktail Andrew himself. Arriving at the funeral, Loginov, and Peter had to dive into the many mysteries of family life Generalov.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Ночной визит (Night Visit)	Drama	9.0	In his apartment was found slain with a dagger young journalist Nina Kharitonov. According to her friend Rita, Kharitonov has left her the night her daughter Zoe, to spend time with her lover, Dimitri. When confirmed alibi lover, Loginov and Peter begin to develop another version related to the disappearance of a computer, and family squabbles.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Ненужная жизнь (Unwanted Life)	Drama	9.0	In stock custodial company found dead young climber Nikita Shcherbakov. Looks like a young man's death an accident causes a lot of suspicion in the investigation. After meeting with his parents and his sister, Nikita Nike Loginov and Peter learn that before the tragedy, along with fellow climber Ruslan decided once again to enter the enclosed area to take pictures. Shooting buildings were inaccessible to fad.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Цена счастья (The price of happiness)	Drama	9.0	Killed by an influential owner Dmitry Saboneev dealership. The investigation can not establish that it was at the scene of the businessman met with his mistress, and the analysis confirms the presence of a number of machines and even murderers. After talking with the seller of the neighboring store, Loginov and Peter go on Avarova Sergei, who had forgotten to hand children's gifts, and witness his meeting with the master of sports of shooting Christina Radostin.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Гарантия (Guarantee)	Drama	9.0	In his car was found severely wounded chief financial officer of construction company "Skyscraper" Tamara Dunayev. According to nurse her daughter Olga, Dunayev with the girl going to visit his friend Valery Spirin. Recovering, he can not remember Dunaeva circumstances of the accident, and soon Spirin found dead in his dacha. All the evidence confirms the guilt Dunaeva, and she appealed for help to the director of his company's Victor.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Мать (Mother)	Drama	9.0	Not far from the shopping center employee found dead Finance Corporation. The examination shows that death was caused by injection of a rare poison. Soon it turns out that shortly before his death, he and an unknown podelnitsey robbed jewelry salon. According to store employees, they first call from the financial structure and ordered jewels for allegedly daughter of the owner of the company.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Смертельный удар (Mortal Strike)	Drama	9.0	In the studio found dead famous music producer Igor Slavin. After talking to found his sound engineer, Loginov and Peter learn that on the eve of the death of Slavin conducted in the studio recording his protege - young singer Masha Rubinin, and at the end of the day they visited each partner and Slavin, owner of a popular strip bar Grigoriev. Who came with him guard Simon Slavin suggested to listen to his amateur songs, and having a hard refusal, flew into a rage. But if he is so angry to kill?
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Дуэль (Duel)	Drama	9.0	Loginov and Peter investigate the murder and robbery of a successful couple Pozdnyakov. From their friends, the detectives learn that before the tragedy Pozdnyakova left them his little daughter, Asya, to spend the weekend together. However, when the girl was brought to parents Merkulov, Pozdnyakova asked to take Asya another day and not let friends into the house, hinting at the danger of its loss.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Шахматист (Chess)	Drama	9.0	Not far from the parent's home for his bride Alice Kupriyanova found dead private investigator Boris Melikhov. The taxi driver, driving Melihova from the station, says that near the house of a suspicious vehicle on duty Kupriyanov, and Alice remembers that, together with Boris on the train got weird stranger who followed them around the train. Interviewing the conductor, the investigators can establish the identity of a mysterious stranger.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Семейное дело (Family Business)	Drama	9.0	Director of the Institute of Economy Anatoliy Chernetsov was killed by sniper shot right at the time of photography. As planned by the photographer, shooting a scene. At the core lies a duel between Chernetsov and construction magnate Andrew Bekalisom. Detectives surprised by the fact that no one heard the shot. Finding places to hide the killer, Loginov, and Peter realized that the sniper shot was made synchronously with the sham. This means that the killer knew the script.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Последний уик-энд (Last weekend)	Drama	9.0	An audacious murder of Eugene Khomyakov, son of the famous impartiality of the judge. The corpse was discovered in the front of the courthouse. Khomyakov Sr. and his friend, lawyer Grebnev said at the time of the tragedy was in the country, and their sons - Eugene Roman, and - remained in the city alone. Khomyakov remembered that before he took along his son to court for the trial of his idol - DJ Apocalypto, received a heavy sentence.
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Последний звонок (Last Call)	Drama	9.0	The strange death of a famous surgeon in the accident Khokhlova raised suspicions among traffic police officers, and they turned to the detectives. Appraised the contents of the fuel tank of his motorcycle, Loginov and Peters found that the cause of the tragedy was added to the electrolyte oil, and found the helmet near the surgeon has been soiled lubricant. Obviously, the way the killer hoped to reduce the chances of the victim to the rescue ...
3305	Zakon i Poryadok. Prestupnyy umysel	Закон генетики (The Law of Genetics)	Drama	9.0	In his own apartment strangled a young secretary Tamara Myasnitskaya. Investigators are baffled by a mysterious phone call from the apartment of the victim the murderer before the tragedy and the appearance of the murdered, dressed in underwear, brought with him a criminal. Soon after the second offense occurs with similar handwriting, and then - an attempt to attack Nastya Maximova. Loginov and Peter finds link between the victims: the girls were fined for the same traffic police post.
3306	Please Like Me	Please Like Me	Drama	9.0	Based on the award-winning comedy of Josh Thomas, the six-part series Please Like Me is about cavoodles, custard tarts, boyfriends and girlfriends. Mostly, though, it's about growing up quickly and realising that your parents are not heroes, but big dopes with no idea what's going on – just like you.
3307	Diagnosis Murder	Diagnosis Murder	Drama	none	Legendary, five-time Emmy Award-winner Dick Van Dyke recognized for his iconic TV roles in 2013 with a Lifetime Achievement Award by the Screen Actors Guild enjoyed yet another hit series for eight seasons (1993-2001) as Dr. Mark Sloan on CBS hour-long murder mystery, Diagnosis Murder. As chief of internal medicine at Community General Hospital in Los Angeles and a L.A.P.D. consultant, Sloan has a knack for getting into trouble, negotiating the twists and turns of mysteries and solving crimes with the help of his son, Steve, a homicide detective played by real-life son Barry Van Dyke.
3307	Diagnosis Murder	Murder, My Suite	Drama	none	After Amanda wins an elite Medical Examiner's award, she, Mark, and Jesse have to investigate who deliberately let loose a deadly disease inside the upscale hotel where the award ceremony was going to take place.
3307	Diagnosis Murder	Murder on the Hour	Drama	none	Following the deaths of several patients and an unpopular doctor at Community General Hospital, Steve, Mark, and his colleagues work on trying to discover what connects all the deaths. When the doctors soon discover the connection to all the deaths – each victim previously survived a near death experience – they have to find out who the killer is before they carry out their next murder, and they have their sights set on Steve.
3307	Diagnosis Murder	Never Say Die	Drama	none	When a young man with a chip on his shoulder named Tommy gets in a scuffle at BBQ Bob's, Steve arranges it so Tommy complete his community service at a local boxing club for at-risk youth. When a fellow boxer takes his own life in front of Tommy, he turns to Steve and the owner of the boxing club for help in discovering why the boxer was behaving so erratically when he died.
3307	Diagnosis Murder	Blood Ties	Drama	none	Steve and Mark work to aid two women detectives on the LAPD who are investigating a group of crooked cops who are targeting unethical businessmen in order to donate their organs to those in need.
3309	The Waltons	The Waltons	Drama	9.0	Enjoy the heart-warming stories of the Waltons family, living in a rural community during the Depression and World War II. John and Olivia Walton are the proud parents of three girls and five boys: John-Boy, Jason, Mary Ellen, Erin, Ben, twins Jim-Bob & Joseph, and Elizabeth; Joseph died at birth. Grandma and Grandpa Walton (Esther and Zeb) are John's parents are also an integral part of the family.
3309	The Waltons	The Loss	Drama	9.0	Following the death of her husband, Cousin Olivia visits the family, looking for a way to grieve her unexpected loss. When Elizabeth's cat dies while delivering a litter of kittens not long after Olivia's arrival, the two young women turn to one another deal with their grief.
3312	Upper Middle Bogan	Upper Middle Bogan	Comedy	none	The series follows the story of two families living at opposite ends of the freeway. Bess Denyar, is a doctor with a posh mother Margaret, an architect husband Danny Bright and twin 13-year-olds at a private school, Oscar and Edwina. When Bess finds out that she is adopted, she is stunned, but even more so when she meets her birth parents, Wayne and Julie Wheeler. She also discovers that she has three siblings: Amber, Kayne and Brianna. The bogan Wheelers head up a drag racing team in the outer suburbs and are thrilled to discover the daughter they thought they had lost.
3313	The Code	The Code	Drama	9.0	Stretching from the spectacular red desert of Australia's outback to the cool corridors of power in Canberra, THE CODE tells the story of two very different brothers who are handed information those in the highest political echelons will kill to keep secret
3314	Indian Summers	Indian Summers	Drama	none	Set against the sweeping grandeur of the Himalayas and tea plantations of Northern India, the drama tells the rich and explosive story of the decline of the British Empire and the birth of modern India, from both sides of the experience. But at the heart of the story lie the implications and ramifications of the tangled web of passions, rivalries and clashes that define the lives of those brought together in this summer which will change everything.
3314	Indian Summers	Episode 1	Drama	none	Ralph Whelan and the rest of the Indian Civil Service begin the annual move to Simla where the doyenne of British society Cynthia Coffin prepares the exclusive white British Club for the summer season.
3314	Indian Summers	Episode 2	Drama	none	Sarah becomes suspicious of Alice's past and begins some detective work to uncover the real reasons behind her move to India.
3314	Indian Summers	Episode 3	Drama	none	It's the Sipi Fair in Simla, the only time in the year that the Indian community are allowed onto the grounds of the British Club.
3314	Indian Summers	Episode 4	Drama	none	There's much excitement in Simla as the Viceroy arrives. Ralph is troubled when he discovers that the only evidence that linked Chandru Mohan to the Congress Party is missing.
3314	Indian Summers	Episode 5	Drama	none	Ralph tries to take advantage of divisions among the Indian communities. Cynthia is shocked by Eugene's revelation about his finances. Sarah places Alice in a very difficult position.
3314	Indian Summers	Episode 6	Drama	none	The pressure continues to mount on Ralph as Jaya reveals the real reason for her visit to Simla. A mountaineer saves Alice, Madeleine and Ronnie from a perilous situation.
3314	Indian Summers	Episode 7	Drama	none	Simla is buzzing as it prepares for the annual amateur dramatic production, but the play is overshadowed by the news that a murder victim has been found in the river.
3314	Indian Summers	Episode 8	Drama	none	The British community turn out in force for the murder trial. Ian is wracked with guilt about his part in Ramu's arrest and Leena is torn apart in the witness box.
3314	Indian Summers	Episode 9	Drama	none	Madeleine is dealt some devastating news, and Alice is terrified when Sarah threatens to tell everyone that Alice's husband is alive. Tensions between Ralph and Cynthia escalate.
3314	Indian Summers	Episode 10	Drama	none	In the final episode, Ramu Sood's fate is left in Ralph's hands, a vote takes place at the club to lift the colour bar, and Alice and Aafrin prepare to go public with their relationship.
3328	Scarecrow and Mrs. King	Scarecrow and Mrs. King	Adventure	8.0	A single mother in suburban Washington D.C. discovers she has a talent for espionage work when she meets a dashing undercover agent--but balancing her duties as a spy with her responsibility as a parent proves constantly entertaining in this romantic-adventure series.
3337	How Not to Behave	How Not to Behave	Comedy	none	How Not To Behave is rewriting the social skills manual, addressing a broad range of social situations that includes everything from devices at the dinner table to tweeting during sex.
3337	How Not to Behave	Public Spaces	Comedy	none	Gretel Killeen and Matt Okine discuss the dos and don'ts of queuing and how to behave in the cinema. Zoe Coombs Marr tests the boundaries of personal space in a hidden camera social experiment.
3337	How Not to Behave	Travel And Transport	Comedy	none	Gretel Killeen and Matt Okine explore the art of avoiding someone we know, the rules of reclining your airline seat and Lawrence Mooney joins the hosts to talk about his past life as a cab driver. #HowNotToBehave
3337	How Not to Behave	Love And Dating	Comedy	none	Gretel & Matt discuss the rules of farting in front of a partner & dumping someone. Comedian Greg Larsen goes speed dating in a hidden camera social experiment & Bettina Arndt tells us how to find that special someone.
3337	How Not to Behave	Kids And Parenting	Comedy	none	Gretel Killeen and Matt Okine show us how to deal with other people's children and discuss how to feign interest in a friend's new baby. Plus comedian Dave O'Neil joins the hosts to talk all things fatherhood.
3337	How Not to Behave	Social Media	Comedy	none	Gretel Killeen & Matt Okine explore the dos and don'ts of online dating & the rules for online sleuthing, plus a social media guide for seniors. Comedian Joel Creasey joins the hosts to talk all things social media.
3337	How Not to Behave	Sport And Recreation	Comedy	none	Gretel and Matt discuss the etiquette of Saturday sports and the rules of exercise. In a hidden camera social experiment comedian Greg Larsen learns how not to behave in a gym and Merv Hughes stops by to talk sportsmanship.
3337	How Not to Behave	Births, Deaths And Weddings	Comedy	none	Gretel Killeen and Matt Okine teach us how much to spend on wedding gifts, enlighten us with the man's guide to childbirth and talk about the dos and don'ts of funeral etiquette with funeral director Vanessa Jeffery.
3337	How Not to Behave	Workplace	Comedy	none	Gretel Killeen & Matt Okine explain the art of office greetings, look into the etiquette of chucking a sickie & examine the dos & don'ts of bringing kids to work. Plus they talk office politics with special guest Dicko.
3337	How Not to Behave	Body	Comedy	none	Gretel and Matt teach us how to address hygiene issues amongst coworkers, explain the rules of the changing room and examine the Man Hug. The hosts also talk to special guest and shark attack survivor, Paul De Gelder.
3337	How Not to Behave	Money	Comedy	none	Gretel Killeen and Matt Okine find out how to split the bill, establish the rules of the shout and show you how to teach kids about money. Plus, they chat about cash with comedian Tom Gleeson.
3337	How Not to Behave	Dinner And Parties	Comedy	none	Gretel Killeen and Matt Okine teach us how to survive a kid's birthday party and what to do when you forget someone's name. Restaurateur and chef Matt Moran stops by to discuss food and manners.
3339	Empresses In The Palace	Empresses In The Palace	Drama	none	**Netflix airs this show as a six part series of 90 minutes**It tells the story of one of Emperor Yongzheng's concubines, Zhen Huan, who's the mother of Prince Hongli (the famous Emperor Qianlong).This drama, adapted from popular Internet novel of the same name, will tell the story of the heroine, Zhen Huan (Sun Li), who joined the palace harem with her sister. She was selected to be Emperor Yongzheng's (Chen Jian Bin) concubine. When Zhen Huan first enters the palace, she is innocent and gullible, but gradually learnd the hard way to fend for herself when she inadvertently becomes caught up in the schemes between the Empress (Ada Choi) and Concubine Hua (Jiang Xin). Through cunning and deceit, Zhen Huan finally succeeds in becoming Empress. However, she arouses Emperor Yongzheng's suspicion about her loyalty and is forced to poison her true love, 17th Prince. Finally, when Emperor Yongzheng dies and Hong Li ascends the throne, Concubine Zhen Huan
3341	Fixer Upper	Fixer Upper	DIY	none	The first rule of real estate is location, location, location, but what happens when a buyer's only option in the right location is a house with dreadful design and a clunky layout? We say buy it — then fix it! Fixer Upper pairs renovation, design and real estate pros Chip and Joanna Gaines with Waco/Dallas, Texas-area buyers to renovate the wrong house that's in the right location.
3341	Fixer Upper	Texan Family Returns to Roots	DIY	none	After living in Oklahoma for several years, John and Margie,a couple originally from Waco turn to Chip and Joanna for help in finding theperfect place. The only that they request is their potential home isn't toobuckaroo - as John puts it - and informal enough for Margie's liking.
3341	Fixer Upper	A College Chaplain Seeks Home to Keep the Peace	DIY	none	Chip and Joanna help a chaplain from Baylor University findthe perfect home that is big enough to fix up for entertaining a football teamsized crowd throughout the school year.
3341	Fixer Upper	Couple With Baby on the Way Looks for a Funky Fixer Upper	DIY	none	A couple pregnant with their fourth child turn to Chip andJoanna for help in finding the perfect house to renovate for their expandingfamily.
3344	The Kitchen	The Kitchen	Cooking	none	Spend a fun and food-filled morning in The Kitchen with hosts Sunny Anderson, Katie Lee, Jeff Mauro, Marcela Valladolid and Geoffrey Zakarian. From simple supper ideas, food trend discussions and family meal tips to trivia games and viewer questions, they'll cover all things fun in food.
3344	The Kitchen	Special Family Gatherings	Cooking	none	aka "An Affair to Remember"
3347	Becoming	Becoming	Drama	none	Disney XD has ordered "Becoming", a series from ESPN films that features inspiring athlete profiles, executive produced by LeBron James and his Springhill Prods. Aimed at kids and families, the half-hour show will feature extraordinary stories of athletes from around the world. The series was spawned from the Becoming pilot that aired last October and told the story of James' rise to the top.
3347	Becoming	Alex Morgan	Drama	none	The life of American soccer superstar and Olympic gold medalist Alex Morgan, including never-before-seen footage of Alex as a young girl and aspiring athlete.
3348	Broke-Ass Bride	Broke-Ass Bride	Romance	none	In each half-hour episode of "Broke-Ass Bride", a different couple gets help planning their dream wedding on a tight budget.
3348	Broke-Ass Bride	Kelly & Rudy (Pilot)	Romance	none	With a $5,000 budget and 150 guests, Jess and Jonathan have a tall order to turn a backyard into a picturesque fairytale setting.
3348	Broke-Ass Bride	Misty & Nick	Romance	none	Misty and Nick have 10 days to finish planning their New York City wedding; pay-it-forward newlywed, Carolina, helps the couple craft their way to a beautiful wedding with a budget of $3,000.
3349	The Great British Baking Show	The Great British Baking Show	Cooking	none	Follow the trials and tribulations of passionate amateur bakers whose goal is to be named the U.K.'s best. Each week, the bakers tackle a different skill, the difficulty of which increases as the competition unfolds. Mary Berry, a leading cookbook writer, and Paul Hollywood, a top artisan baker, serve as judges. Together with hosts and comic foils Sue Perkins and Mel Giedroyc, Berry and Hollywood search for the country's best amateur baker by testing the competitors' skills on cakes, breads, pastries and desserts, crowning a winner after 10 weeks of competition on "The Great British Baking Show".
3349	The Great British Baking Show	Cakes	Cooking	none	Meet the 13 bakers who make simple sandwich cakes in the Signature challenge, angel food cakes in Mary's Technical challenge and all things chocolate in the Showstopper.
3349	The Great British Baking Show	Bread	Cooking	none	The remaining 12 bakers must bake 36 thin and crispy breadsticks, English muffins and outrageous loaves of bread.
3349	The Great British Baking Show	Desserts	Cooking	none	The remaining 11 bakers deal with desserts -- a trifle of biscuit, cake, jelly or custard in distinct layers; floating islands; 24 petits fours.
3349	The Great British Baking Show	Pies and Tarts	Cooking	none	Watch the remaining bakers undertake double-crusted fruit pies, a challenge to even the most experienced bakers; English custard tart - a centuries-old recipe that causes a wobble for the contestants; and phyllo pie, with dough made from scratch.
3349	The Great British Baking Show	Biscuits and Traybakes	Cooking	none	Join eight bakers as they produce favorite traybakes, offering twists on everything from bakewells to banoffees and brownies. The Technical challenge is a French classic-tuiles. For the Showstopper, they construct biscuit towers of epic proportions.
3349	The Great British Baking Show	Sweet Dough	Cooking	none	Watch the bakers work with sweet dough, making tea loaves that are connected to home, and 36 sweet European buns, from Swedish cinnamon buns to German schnecken and French brioches. They also face Paul's most twisted Technical challenge yet.
3349	The Great British Baking Show	Pastry	Cooking	none	View the competition among the remaining six bakers to update old- fashioned suet puddings, create perfect religieuses - delicate choux buns filled with creme patissiere - and make three different kinds of puffed pastries.
3349	The Great British Baking Show	Quarter Final	Cooking	none	This week, the five remaining bakers are tested on unconventional flours and unusual desserts. They must make a loaf using flours such as spelt, rye, potato or tapioca flours, master meringue and custard dacquoise and create novelty vegetable cakes.
3350	Healer	Healer	Comedy	none	A mysterious messenger of the 22nd century,an online newspaper reporter who works hard not to be a "yellow journalist," anda popular reporter who agonizes over the truth and reality.When these three people meet, a passionate romance starts and the truths from the past and present reveal themselves to the world.This drama features young people and how they grow as real journalists.
3352	Londongrad	Londongrad	Comedy	7.5	The protagonist of Mikhail Kulikov dropped Oxford five years ago, not short term before graduation, and found his mind and pathologically restless nature of another application. Mike - the owner and sole employee of a unique agency "Londongrad", which is addressing the problems of Russians in the capital of England. The range of services varies from agency harmless "to meet at the airport" and "need a ticket for Chelsea" to resolve conflicts with law enforcement. Carefree life of the protagonist is greatly complicated when he first appeared partner - Alice Zagorskaya ...
3353	Kukhnya	Kukhnya	Comedy	8.5	"At all times, the food was close to the people. It tempts, inspires, delights, turns away. But man can not live without food, so the one who makes a meal, can rule the world ... ". So thought Maxim Lavrov, when he went to carry out his dream - to get a cook in one of the most expensive restaurants in the capital.The dream has come true, that's just the reality did not turn out so good. The chef, Viktor Barinov - the real star gastronomic glitterati who knows how to please a demanding public. The flip side of this ideal image - alcohol abuse, gambling and insufferable character. In anger Barinov terrible on the loose - invincible.Art director Victoria Goncharova - a real ice queen, careerist with a heart of ice, but it was Max spends a night before going to a new job. A whole team of cooks is just waiting blunders beginner to a good laugh.
3354	Full Circle	Full Circle	Drama	none	The new season of the acclaimed drama Full Circle centers on Jimmy Parerra a Chicago cop, who 18 years ago, inspired by Frank Serpico's similar act in NYC, blew the whistle on police corruption in Chicago. His actions wound up sending his own father-in-law, Bud O'Rourke, the Chief of Detectives, to federal prison for life. The Show begins as Bud is getting out of prison, intent on Revenge.
3355	Assembly	Assembly	Drama	none	When a working-class man stands up for his rights and finds himself pulled into the world of politics, can he survive? Jin Sang Pil (Jung Jae Young) is a welder at a shipyard who fights for his fellow workers' rights against a layoff, only to find that his convictions and principles get him elected to become a rookie politician in the National Assembly. In this foreign environment, Sang Pil relies heavily on his political aide, Choi In Kyung (Song Yoon Ah), a whip-smart woman who knows all the ins and outs of the National Assembly. Can they work together to fight for the common man in the most powerful political corridors in the country?
3356	Blue	Blue	Drama	none	Blue is a mother with a secret life. She'll do anything to keep it from her son. But her past has other plans.
3358	Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!	Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!	Comedy	9.3	The whodunit format was a daring new frontier for an animated series, but the members of the Mystery Inc. team have grown to become authentic popular-culture icons.
3358	Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!	A Tiki Scare Is No Fair	Comedy	9.3	The gang is on vacation in a Hawaii. When a luau they'reattending gets interrupted by a witch doctor with a foreboding message about anupcoming visit vengeful Tiki by the name of Mano Tiki Tia, their host soondisappears. Suspecting they're mired in a mystery, Scooby and his friend soonfind out that their host is somehow behind the witch doctor's visit.
3358	Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!	Who's Afraid Of The Big Bad Werewolf?	Comedy	9.3	Scooby and his friends are out in a wooded area on a campingtrip. Their fun soon takes a turn to mystery solving when a werewolf stumblesupon their camping grounds. Upon investigating where their new "friend" camefrom and where it went, the gang soon find their way to an abandoned mill andan illegal smuggling operation.
3359	Here Come the Brides	Here Come the Brides	Comedy	none	The Bolt brothers own a mountain and logging camp in Seattle, and as the area's only employer, the brothers borrow money and head east to bring back a shipload of lovely ladies to boost morale. But if any of the women leave Seattle within a year, the Bolts lose their mountain to the man that lent them the money.
3359	Here Come the Brides	Candy And The Kid	Comedy	none	A young gunhand comes to Seattle and tries to turn over a new leaf. However, violence--and his own bad temper--undo him after he takes the position of sheriff and falls in love with Candy.
3359	Here Come the Brides	Two Worlds	Comedy	none	Joshua's blind girlfriend Callie Marsh returns to Seattle for the annual fur trappers' Rendezvous. While the town deals with the chaos, Joshua and Callie try to convince Callie's father Jacob to let her undergo treatment that could return her sight.
3360	Have Gun Will Travel	Have Gun Will Travel	Action	none	Meet Paladin, a high-society gentleman who leads a double life as a justice-seeking gunfighter.
3364	The Frankenstein Chronicles	The Frankenstein Chronicles	Drama	none	Incorporating elements from the investigative and horror genres with an extraordinary hero at its centre, Inspector John Marlott, played by multi-awarding winning leading actor Sean Bean (Game of Thrones, The Lord of the Rings Trilogy, Accused), will be taken on a terrifying journey in pursuit of a chilling and diabolical foe.
3365	Eigen Kweek	Eigen Kweek	Comedy	10.0	In the west Flemish city of Wijtschate, Jos and his son Steven are growing cannabis instead of potatoes to save their own business.
3366	Britain's Biggest Adventures with Bear Grylls	Britain's Biggest Adventures with Bear Grylls	Adventure	none	In this brand-new three-part series for ITV, adventurer Bear Grylls heads out on an epic journey of discovery across England, Scotland and Wales to experience the British Isles at their most spectacul
3368	Jekyll & Hyde	Jekyll & Hyde	Drama	none	Set in 1930's London at a time of Hollywood glamour, aerodynamic cars and monster movies, the drama will pay homage to the Stevenson novel, and focus on the young, attractive, troubled hero, Robert Jekyll, the grandson of the original doctor.At the heart of the drama is Robert Jekyll's quest to discover his real identity, his true family history and the nature of his ‘curse'. Jekyll transforms into Hyde in moments of extreme anger, stress and when his or the lives of others are threatened.
3369	Beowulf	Beowulf	Action	none	Beowulf is a series about courage, greed, betrayal, revenge, loyalty, power, man versus wilderness and, of course love. It is a series that explores the notion of good and evil, heroes and villains. However, beyond these wider political undercurrents and inner personal turmoils are the excitement, danger and sense of adventure that any great Western has. Epic fights, thrilling chases, raids, celebrations and battles are an essential part of the promise.
3371	Unforgotten	Unforgotten	Drama	none	Unforgotten, written and created by Chris Lang (Undeniable, A Mother's Son, Torn), focuses on a ‘cold' murder case of 39 years ago, when the bones of a young man are found beneath the footings of a demolished house. An investigation begins that will unravel the lives of four people who have been waiting for this moment for nearly forty years, as they discover that the past can't, and won't, stay buried for ever.
3371	Unforgotten	Episode 1	Drama	none	A skeleton found in the cellar of a building being demolished prompts investigation from DCI Cassie Stuart and her colleague DS Sunny Khan into the murder of a young man that could potentially span back thousands of years. Discovery of what they believe to be a car key near the body not only dates it to within the last 65 years, but also leads them on a trail in the hope of identifying the victim. At the end of the trail is a diary belonging to Jimmy Sullivan, a young man missing since 1976 who appears to be the victim. The final pages of the diary contain several names and addresses, amongst them are Beth, Father Rob, Frankie C and Mr. Slater. Four seemingly unconnected people living very separate lives. It is now down to Cassie and Sunny to find out what happened to Jimmy and to finally get him home.
3374	War And Peace	War And Peace	Drama	none	Widely regarded as one of the greatest novels of all time, War and Peace will be told over six one-hour episodes and directed by Tom Harper (The Scouting Book For Boys, Peaky Blinders, Woman In Black: Angel Of Death).
3375	W1A	W1A	Comedy	none	Comedy follow up to Twenty Twelve. Former Olympic head of deliverance Ian Fletcher now has a job as the BBC's head of values.
3376	Heart to Heart	Heart to Heart	Comedy	none	Cha Hong-do blushes uncontrollably, which has made her a recluse. In order to go out she either has to dress like an old lady or wear a helmet to cover her head. She has had a secret crush on Jang Doo-soo, a detective, for the past seven years, but due to her social phobia she has only been able to give him food she has made. She is unable to even talk to him and runs away if he encounters her.Then Hong-do meets Go Yi-seok, an egoistic psychiatrist who is emotionally awkward after the death of his older brother and dealing with his emotionally unstable mother.
3380	Ho Goo's Love	Ho Goo's Love	Comedy	none	Kang Ho-gu has never had a proper girlfriend, with girls constantly taking advantage of his sweet, naive nature by enjoying all the perks of dating then friend-zone-ing him. His relationship-savvy twin sister Kang Ho-kyung mocks him and his best friends Kim Tae-hee and Shin Chung-jae for being sorely lacking in any dating skills.Do Do-hee is an athlete on the Korean national swimming squad, and won the silver medal at the recent Asian Games. Driven and competitive, she's frustrated at never getting first place and is known for cursing a lot.The timid, bullied Ho-gu had a crush on Do-hee in their teens, when her beauty and sports cred made her the most popular girl in high school. She's the only reason he goes to their high school reunion, and when they meet again, he's surprised to learn that she remembers him. Ho-gu grabs the chance to spend time with the girl of his dreams, not knowing that Do-hee has a secret, that she's pregnant possibly by her ex-boyfriend Byun Kang-chul, their class president and now a successful lawyer.
3383	Hyde, Jekyll, and I	Hyde, Jekyll, and I	Comedy	none	Goo Seo Jin is the director of the theme park Wonderland. Jang Ha Na works in the circus at Wonderland. Jang Ha Na falls in love with a man who has two different personalities. One of his personalities is that of Jekyll, who has a cold personality. The man's other personality is that of Hyde, who has a sweet and innocent personality.
3384	This Life	This Life	Drama	none	What would you do if you were diagnosed with terminal cancer? In THIS LIFE, one woman finds out. Set in contemporary Montreal, THIS LIFE is a funny, honest, heartfelt series about a regular family whose world turns upside down overnight.
3385	The Romeo Section	The Romeo Section	Drama	none	Acclaimed showrunner Chris Haddock (Da Vinci's Inquest; Intelligence) returns to CBC with a Vancouver-based contemporary espionage thriller that centres on a veteran agent who sets out to recruit a high-value informant.
3386	Versailles	Versailles	Drama	none	Versailles, 1667. Louis XIV was 28 years old. To rise to the heights of the nobility and wield its absolute power, he launched the construction of Versailles... it proved to be a snare. Louis XIV is a young King haunted by childhood trauma, the Fronde civil, a rebellion of the nobility against his father, Louis XIII... It will prove be a strategic policy out of the ordinary, manipulative, Machiavellian, and he will "invent" Versailles for the nobles of Paris, to keep them under control, and gradually transform the castle into a golden prison. But how will Louis live as the greatest King in the world? Historical fiction of the court figures and the more humble villagers, guiding us in a world of betrayals and secrets, politicking and declarations of love.
3387	Lady of the Storm	Lady of the Storm	Drama	none	When people face an insurmountable obstacle in life, they will instinctively hold their breaths and pray that the crisis will pass over in the belief that waiting it out will make the hardship end. Facing down a stormy crisis and believing that you won't lose everything is a silly assumption.But what would our lives be like if we lived in fear of crises and blindly hope that the storm will pass? In a limbo where you cannot keep what is precious to you and unable to find justice after being a victim of a crime. Your grievances ignored by authorities, adding insult to injury. What kind of life would that be?The female protagonist of this story takes the fight to the storm. As a wife and mother, she merely wanted an ordinary family life. One day, her husband has an extramarital affair while her daughter is hounded and assaulted at school by bullies. The school authorities wish to quietly make the matter go away without even an apology. As she finds herself caught up in events controlled by powerful figures that thwart her attempts to dig up the truth of all that has befallen her and her family, she finds herself framed for a crime that she did not commit. It is the beginning of a downward spiral that she has to summon all her strength to battle.Just when she thought she had no hope and lost everything, she has an illuminating insight. In order to battle her powerful adversaries who have thrown a storm at her, she would need to create her own storm! There was nobody she could rely on except for herself to fight this battle.The main character of this TV show bravely enters the eye of the storm instead of cowering in fear and waiting for the crisis to pass. Her determination to act makes her a powerful force against sinister figures in power and more precious than any amount of money
3388	Mafiosa	Mafiosa	Drama	none	By the will of her dead uncle who was murdered Sandra Paoli (Hélène Fillières), is propelled to the head of a powerful mafia clan. She becomes a respected, but also hated, woman in a world of men, murder and criminality. Backed up by her brother, she learns how to assert herself in a very violent world. To rise to the occasion, the young woman will have to seduce, manipulate, and reinvent the clan in its own way. According to several media sources, the character Sandra is actually an adaptation of the current life of the Corsican widow Sandra Casanova-Germani whose brother Jean-Luc Germani is the most wanted man in France. The series contains violence and political schemes.
3389	Love & Secret	Love & Secret	Drama	none	Areum becomes a single mother while studying in the US and returns home.And here is a man named Seongwoon who is deeply hurt by his family.One day, Phillipe, the biological father of Areum's child shows up in front of them.Seongwoon decides to take care of the child and protects her from Phillipe who seems to be busy enjoying his life. "Love & Secret" features these three characters who challenge themselves to succeed in their career, love, and family business.
3392	Les Témoins	Les Témoins	Drama	none	Les Témoins is set in the small coastal town of Le Tréport in northern France, where the bodies of murder victims are being unearthed and left for discovery. The former chief-of-police, Paul Maisonneuve, is implicated in the murders. Detectives Justin and Sandra investigate the case
3392	Les Témoins	Episode 1	Drama	none	This thrilling new French drama based in the North of France follows female detective, Sandra Winckler, who is investigating a wave of strange murders that are linked to a former crime squad legend, Paul Maisonneuve; a man who is now retired but forced to return to duty. Desecrated graves, dead bodies dug up and left in model homes and every time, the same ritual: a woman, a man, a teenager, who weren't related but who form a new family. Amid the bodies, a photo: the one of Paul Maisonneuve, a crime squad legend in the North of France, now retired but forced to return to duty. Who is digging up the bodies? Who is leaving them in model homes and why?
3392	Les Témoins	Episode 2	Drama	none	Paul Maisonneuve and Sandra Winckler, two chalk-and-cheese cops, are faced with the show-home case. A victim of attempted homicide, Paul Maisonneuve is a mysterious man. What secret is he hiding? Who from his past could be guilty party, most-wanted by every police officer in northern France?
3392	Les Témoins	Episode 3	Drama	none	Sandra Winckler and Paul Maisonneuve have proof: Kaz Gorbier is alive. Paul's sworn enemy is probably the one digging up the bodies. As they hunt Kaz and his accomplices, Paul and Sandra discover another set-up: more bodies in a new show-home.
3392	Les Témoins	Episode 4	Drama	none	Kaz Gorbier steps into action and reveals himself: he kidnaps his own family and lures Paul Maisonneuve into a trap. Will Sandra Winckler be able to foil Gorbier's schemes? Will she solve the numerous mysteries building up around the show-home case?
3392	Les Témoins	Episode 5	Drama	none	Paul Maisonneuve is in the hands of Kaz Gorbier. Sandra Winckler is now alone on the case. She knows that Kaz Gorbier cannot be acting alone. If Gorbier isn't digging up the bodies, than who is the guilty party? Where lies the truth? And more importantly, how can she save Paul Maisonneuve from certain death?
3392	Les Témoins	Episode 6	Drama	none	Paul, rescued by Sandra, discovers the truth: the person digging up the bodies is hiding their past. A troubled past which has resurfaced. Guilt buried for a very long time...Paul and Sandra will have to stretch their very own limits to finally get to the bottom of the "show-home case".
3394	Peter Kay's Car Share	Peter Kay's Car Share	Comedy	8.0	John and Kayleigh have been thrown together in a company car share scheme.
3395	Decker	Decker	Comedy	none	The free world is in danger, and only one man can help. Jack Decker has sworn to defend America from foreign terrorists regardless of which spineless president is in charge
3396	Play It Again, Dick	Play It Again, Dick	Comedy	8.0	Ryan Hansen tries to put together a Dick Casablancas-centric television spin-off, calling on his pals to help him get the show off the ground.
3397	Remember Me	Remember Me	Drama	none	Three-part contemporary ghost story set in Yorkshire. Tom Parfitt's arrival at a local retirement home leads to an eerie unexpected death.
3397	Remember Me	Episode 1	Drama	none	Michael Palin stars in this contemporary ghost story set in Yorkshire.Tom Parfitt's arrival at a local retirement home leads to an eerie unexpected death. Who is to blame? Disillusioned cop Rob Fairholme can't find answers, but 18-year-old care worker Hannah is drawn to Tom's house and the mystery surrounding him...
3397	Remember Me	Episode 2	Drama	none	Hannah is determined to find the missing Tom Parfitt and is convinced he's in Scarborough. Rob remains sceptical until another inexplicable death forces him to take action. But is it too late to protect Hannah and her kid brother Sean?
3397	Remember Me	Episode 3	Drama	none	Rob joins Hannah in Scarborough. Hannah is driven to save Tom Parfitt from a haunting that has lasted a lifetime, but will Tom's freedom come at a price for her and her family?
3398	Inspector Gadget	Inspector Gadget	Children	none	Inspector Gadget, the world's favorite bumbling detective, is back in this all-new animated series that also sees the return of his nemesis, the evil Dr. Claw. With his nephew Talon by his side, Dr. Claw has reactivated his global crime syndicate M.A.D. and has his sights on taking over the world, unless Gadget, his niece Penny and her dog Brain can stop him -- again.
3400	Nurse	Nurse	Drama	none	Bittersweet comedy drama about a community mental-health nurse.
3401	Sequestered	Sequestered	Crime	none	Patrick Warburton and Jesse Bradford drive a highly addictive series that delivers on suspense and switchback turns.
3403	The Divide	The Divide	Drama	none	The Divide is an exploration of personal morality and how all people – especially ambitious people – struggle with the shades of gray found in the absence of a simple, ordered moral universe. The show probes how truth coexists in the modern justice system alongside ambition, ethics, politics and race.As an impassioned case worker with The Innocence Initiative, Christine Rosa (Marin Ireland) delves into the case of a death-row inmate she believes was wrongly convicted of a young family's heinous murder 11 years earlier. She chases down new evidence in a search for the truth and confronts an equally passionate district attorney, Adam Page (Damon Gupton), whose view of justice is colored by shades of gray. Throughout the journey, Christine and Adam's pasts resurface as they are faced with the question of one man's guilt or innocence intertwined with their own personal histories.
3405	This Is Not Happening	This Is Not Happening	Comedy	none	Hosted by Ari Shaffir, This Is Not Happening features long-form storytelling from stand-up comedians. From Keegan-Michael Key spending a day as a crackhead's chauffeur to Steve Rannazzisi drunkenly instigating a fight with an armed man in a convenience store parking lot to Joe Rogan getting caught in a hotel fire, these comedians' incredible stories prove that there is nothing as crazy as the truth.
3407	Crims	Crims	Comedy	none	Comedy series set in a young offenders' institution.
3407	Crims	Episode 1	Comedy	none	Luke finds himself banged up with his girlfriend's nightmare brother, Jason. Can he survive his first day behind bars without strangling Jason or being strangled himself?
3407	Crims	Episode 2	Comedy	none	Luke tries to impress his girlfriend by taking up an A-level. Unfortunately, neither the subject nor the teacher turn out to be quite what Luke is expecting. Prison bully Marcel is suspicious that Luke has been trying to get out of reading him the Twilight saga.
3407	Crims	Episode 3	Comedy	none	Luke makes the dramatic decision to propose to Gemma, in an attempt to send her new mate Roger a clear message. The only slight obstacle to overcome will be getting her parents' permission. Isaac struggles to go cold turkey on snitching.
3407	Crims	Episode 4	Comedy	none	When an inmate escapes, prison psychopath Marcel instructs Luke to work out how he did it - otherwise Luke will find himself burnt alive. Prison governor Riley is on the warpath and Creg is in the firing line.
3407	Crims	Episode 5	Comedy	none	When Dawn announces that the young offenders are to stage a musical for their friends and family, Luke spots an opportunity to save his relationship with Gemma. Creg is distressed to learn that Dawn is a lesbian, and Jason sets up a piercing business.
3407	Crims	Episode 6	Comedy	none	Luke becomes the prison hero when Jason nominates him for a dangerous raid on the warden's office. When 19 ounces of confiscated marijuana goes missing on his watch, Creg must find a way to replace it before Dawn finds out.
3412	Proof	Proof	Drama	7.0	The discovery of a connection between a small-time thief's murder and the death of a crooked accountant, peeks the interest of investigative reporter Terry Corcoran. Further digging leads him into a sordid scandal involving human trafficking, high finance and high stakes politics in this explosive Irish television series
3413	Not Safe for Work	Not Safe for Work	Drama	none	A dysfunctional comedy drama series about work for a jilted generation, starring Zawe Ashton.
3416	Brotherhood	Brotherhood	Comedy	none	Twenty-somethings Dan and Toby are in over their heads when they become surrogate parents to little brother Jamie.
3417	Soul Mates	Soul Mates	Comedy	none	Soul Mates has fun with big life questions as the twin souls of a pair of Bondi Hipsters appear throughout history and the future in a fresh blend of sketch comedy with a narrative arc.
3418	ANZAC Girls	ANZAC Girls	Drama	none	Honouring the Centenary of the commencement of WW1, ANZAC Girls is a moving new six-part series based on the unique, and rarely told true stories of Australian and New Zealand nurses serving at Gallipoli and the Western Front.
3423	Maids	Maids	Action	none	Guk In-yeob is the only daughter of a Joseon nobleman, and her beauty and style has her surrounded by plentiful admirers, among them Kim Eun-gi, a young scholar from an important family who's loved In-yeob since they were young. But one day In-yeob's father is branded a traitor, causing her family to be forced into ruin, and overnight the city's most popular young lady becomes a slave. In-yeob has difficulty adjusting from her pampered past to her present life as the lowly maid to her former rival. She learns to survive by her wits and befriends her fellow slaves, including Mumyeong (meaning "nameless"), a mysterious manservant who once saved her when she was still an aristocrat. Although Eun-gi remains devoted to In-yeob, her changed social status becomes an obstacle to his promising future, and meanwhile, she begins to fall for the stoic, level-headed but charismatic Mumyeong, who unbeknownst to all is a warrior on an undercover assignment regarding matters of political import.
3428	Miss Mamma Mia	Miss Mamma Mia	Family	none	Seo Young-joo was abandoned by her parents as a child and betrayed by the man she loved. But despite all that, she stays positive as she raises her five-year-old daughter on her own while working part-time jobs.
3432	The Pinkertons	The Pinkertons	Crime	none	Long before the FBI and the Secret Service, the Pinker­ton's National Detective Agency was the most feared law enforcement organization in the land. Experts of undercover operative and masters of disguise, no one ever saw them coming. Set in a young America still reeling from the Civil War, The Pinkertons is an action-adventure detective series that follows Allan PInkerton, his son, William, and America's first female detective, Kate Warne, as they solve crimes throughout the "Wild West" of the 1860s
3434	Missing Noir M	Missing Noir M	Action	none	Gil Soo-hyun is a genius who entered Harvard University at the age of ten, and graduated with doctorate degrees in math, physics and philosophy. After working for the FBI for a decade, he mysteriously decides to return to Korea, where he gets assigned to lead a a special missing persons task force that goes after the 1% toughest unsolved cases.He is forced to become partners with Oh Dae-young, a dogged veteran detective with twenty years' experience and a strong sense of justice. Whereas Soo-hyun is overly analytical, Dae-young goes with his gut feeling, and their different approaches causes antagonism.
3436	Evermoor	Evermoor	Adventure	none	American teen, Tara Crossley, moves to a spooky English village with her mum, a famous novelist and new step family. There, Tara discovers a magic tapestry that tells the future. The Tapestry is tended to by the sinister "Everines" who are determined to get rid of our heroine and her family at any cost…
3438	My Heart Twinkle Twinkle	My Heart Twinkle Twinkle	Family	none	Jinshim Original Fried Chicken restaurant is owned by Lee Jin-sam, who has three daughters Lee Soon-jin, Lee Soon-soo and Lee Soon-jung. Since their mother's death, eldest daughter Soon-jin has been running the restaurant and taking care of her father and younger sisters. She struggles to keep Jinshim afloat against its rival restaurant Woontak Chicken, which is managed by the ruthless Chun Woon-tak. Middle daughter Soon-soo is a pianist, but becomes heartbroken when her boyfriend breaks up with because of her poor background. Youngest daughter Soon-jung finds herself caught in love triangle between two men, Jang Soon-chul and Cha Do-hoon.
3440	Persevere, Goo Hae Ra	Persevere, Goo Hae Ra	Music	none	When you have a dream, it's a spark that stays with you even when things don't go as planned. Goo Hae Ra (Min Hyo Rin) aspires to become a singer so that she can share her late father's musical compositions with the world. She and her childhood twin friends, Kang Se Jong (Kwak Si Yang) and Kang Se Chan (Jin Young), enter the TV reality singing competition "Superstar K 2." After passing the local tryouts, they are grouped with Henry Chen Tao (Henry Lau), Lee Woo Ri (Yoo Sung Eun) and Jang Goon (Park Kwang Sun) after super week, but the group ends up losing the competition. The dejected contestants go back to their regular lives, thinking their chances of breaking into the music industry have slipped away. But when the lives of the six young people collide again years later, will their dream also be revived? "Persevere, Goo Hae Ra" is a 2015 South Korean drama series directed by Kim Yong Bum.
3445	Max & Shred	Max & Shred	Comedy	none	Max & Shred is a buddy comedy about the unlikely friendship that forms when easygoing superstar snowboarder, Max Asher, moves in with anxious academic, Alvin Ackerman, and his family. The show centers on the boys' odd couple relationship as they help and hinder each other through the trials of teenage life. Abby, Alvin's driven older sister, and Howie, Alvin's super smart eight-year-old protégé aid the boys in their adventures. Each half hour multi-cam episode will comically highlight the challenges of the young science whiz living with a celebrity athlete in the bustling ski town of Blizzard Springs. It's gonna be siiiick!
3446	Pinocchio	Pinocchio	Family	none	A drama depicts love, frustration, growth and the competitive process of young people in their 20s becoming reporters as they cry and get hurt by truth but realize that as reporters, they must tell the truth. It will center the story of a man who hides a special talent living under a fake name and a woman who cannot lie due to ‘Pinocchio Syndrome'.The story starts with a fire incident and all the firemen who entered the building in the blaze were killed by the fire. The fire incident news report was focused on the story of Kim Ha Myung's father, chief of the fire brigade sent his men in the blaze and caused them all to die and then he fled the scene as an error of his misjudgement as reported by the news reporter, Song Cha Ok. This caused a chaotic situation for Ha Myung's family and end up causing his mother to commit suicide with him and his brother ends up in jail over night due to Song Cha Ok's untruth story. However, the led to Ha Myung growing up with hatred for reporters especially Cha Ok. Fatefully, as he is growing up he meets with Cha Ok's ex-husband and daughter, Choi In Ha and takes on a new identity as Choi Dal Po. In Ha is someone with Pinocchio Syndrome hence she cannot lie.The story is about how important news reporting the truth. It revolves about how life's at stakes if lies are reported as news.
3447	Give Out Girls	Give Out Girls	Comedy	none	Give Out Girls is a fresh new sitcom about the stories and secrets of a gang of four girls, two guys and their boss who work in the world of promotions. Being ignored or verbally abused is just part of the job for these girls as they vie to become the all important top seller of the day. Give Out Girls follows the team as they are let loose flogging dodgy goods in even dodgier locations, whilst injecting as much mischief into the day as they can to make it pass as quickly as possible.
3451	Detectorists	Detectorists	Comedy	8.0	Comedy series about two friends who go in search of their hearts' desire with a couple of metal detectors.
3454	Young Drunk Punk	Young Drunk Punk	Comedy	none	From the clever and caustic mind of Bruce McCulloch, YOUNG DRUNK PUNK is an original comedy about the trials and tragedy of growing up on the fringes of society. It's a rough and hilarious look back at simpler times and a complicated age – and at two young rebels determined to stay true to themselves, and to fight against the scratchy caftan of conformity.Ian McKay and his best friend Shinky are two young punks searching for their great destinies in the back alleys of Calgary Alberta, circa 1980. Together, these friends will face down cowboys and oilmen, hockey goons and movie snobs, odd-jobbers and hairdressers… and through it all they'll find a way to grow up without selling out.With the help of Ian's flawed, but loving family (father Lloyd, mom Helen, and his outrageously outgoing sister Belinda), Ian and Shinky find new opportunities to blow minds every week, exporting their special brand of offbeat revolution for the 80's – seeking out love and working to change the world, one young drunk punk at a time.
3456	Boomers	Boomers	Comedy	none	Sitcom following the ups and downs of three retired couples living in Thurnemouth, 'Norfolk's only West-facing resort'.
3457	Siblings	Siblings	Comedy	none	Comedy series about a brother and sister who share a flat.
3459	Give us a Break	Give us a Break	Comedy	none	Created by Geoff McQueen, the show revolves around the relationship between Micky Noades (Lindsay) and his brother-in-law Mo (McGann). Though Micky and Mo do not warm to each other naturally, to say the least, there is a recognition from both men that, unfortunately, they need each other. Micky is a self-styled promoter, sure of his expertise in his field but, somewhat inconveniently, lacking an act to promote. Mo is a snooker player of great ability, but not a star yet. Will the two men help each other realise their dreams, or will they simply get on each other's nerves?
3460	Pompidou	Pompidou	Comedy	none	In an old caravan parked in front of his crumbling estate lives Pompidou - a tubby, pompous, penniless, eccentric, yet lovable aristocrat. He is an elderly oddball who has fallen on hard times.
3462	Punch	Punch	Drama	none	The drama depicts the last six months of Park Jung Hwan's life, one of the prosecutors working on anti-corruption department. Before the brain tumor takes his life, he is determined to expose the frauds and misconducts committed by his superior, Lee Tae Joon. He also struggles to make amends with his ex-wife Shin Ha Kyung and their daughter Ye Rin, for all of his indifferent attitudes in the past.
3463	Todd & The Book Of Pure Evil	Todd & The Book Of Pure Evil	Comedy	7.0	Imagine a book of awesome power. A book that will make your deepest, darkest dreams come true… but at a horrifying cost. This is The Book Of Pure Evil, and it's loose in Crowley High. Anyone who possesses it is unable to resist the temptation to use its power for their own teen-angst fueled desires. Thankfully, one horny teenager stands between The Book Of Pure Evil and the end of the world as we know it. His name is Todd. He's flunking math, but he'll save our asses, whether he likes it or not.
3465	K3 zoekt K3	K3 zoekt K3	Children	none	Karen, Kristel & Josje are quiting with K3, but not till they found three worthy candidates to replace them. They'll do this via a new talentshow called; K3 zoekt K3.
3468	The Great Escape	The Great Escape	Action	none	The Great Escape drops teams of ordinary people into the middle of their own epic action/adventure movie. Each week, three pairs of players will compete for a cash prize by escaping from such locations as a seven-story castle, a deserted island, a sinking ship or a maximum security prison. Players must use their wits, skills and whatever tools they can find to overcome obstacles, evade pursuers and make their way to freedom.
3470	Real Humans	Real Humans	Drama	10.0	What happens when robots become so human that they can barely be distinguished from real people? When they can even be our lovers? Real Humans takes place in a parallel world to our own, in which people´s lives have been completely transformed by the new generation of robots -Hubots. Leo and Niska lead a group of rogue Hubots who are fighting for their independence. During an escape, Leo´s beloved Mimi disappears and Leo leaves the group to find her. At the same time, the Engman family decides to buy a used Hubot, something that has unexpected consequences for the entire family. Warehouse foreman Roger´s life is falling apart. His wife has left him for her Hubot-lover and all of his human coworkers have been replaced by Hubots. Roger decides to start a resistance movement to fight the threat.
3470	Real Humans	Break In, Break Loose	Drama	10.0	A new generation of human-like robots -- "hubots" -- provide all manner of services to the human race. But some of these hubots, known as the "Children of David," free themselves from the control of their masters. Kidnapped by traffickers and separated from other rebel hubots, the hubot Mimi is sold on the black market. Another Child of David, Leo, leaves the protection of the group and goes in search of her. Meanwhile, the Engman family has a new Hubot, whose memory has been erased ...
3470	Real Humans	Trust No One	Drama	10.0	A group of free Hubots are now on the loose. Leo is still searching for Mimi who has been taken as the Engmans' housemaid. Lennart is grumpy about Vera, his new Hubot, but will he risk bringing Odi out from the cellar?
3470	Real Humans	The Lord Shall Be Our Companion	Drama	10.0	The liberated hubots take refuge in an old church, aided by its Reverend. Meanwhile, Lennart keeps Odi hidden in the cellar, away from Vera's prying eyes. Dumped by his wife, Roger tries to reconnect with his son, while his distain for hubots grows ...
3470	Real Humans	Semi-Human Rights	Drama	10.0	Therese and Pilar feel deeply humiliated when they find that their hubot companions are not treated as equals by humans. Roger, Bea and Malte begin to consider taking drastic measures to rid the world of hubots. Bea, meanwhile, is behaving more and more strangely.
3470	Real Humans	Power at Heart	Drama	10.0	Malte, Bea and Roger pledge their allegiance to the 'Real Humans Liberation Front' and begin setting their plans for a hubot-free world in action. Kevin has a hard time accepting the fact that his mother sleeps with Rick. Eva becomes more uncomfortable with the hubots hiding in her attic. Still in search of Mimi, Leo finds himself involved in the hubot black market.
3470	Real Humans	Sly Leo	Drama	10.0	Leo is weak, but continues to search for Mimi. Matlida is beginning to uncover the truth about Anita. Lennart is offered the chance to make a hubot copy of himself, but does he want to? theTVDB.com
3470	Real Humans	Blind Love	Drama	10.0	Tobias witnesses an assault and decides to take the law into his own hands. Roger loses his composure at work. Lennart is rejuvenated by his romance with Solveig, much to Vera's chagrin.
3470	Real Humans	Make Haste	Drama	10.0	Rick and Bo are insulted when the ladies switch them off for a girls' night out. They begin throwing their weight about and decide to get revenge. When Inger questions Leo, he lets her know that time is running out. Meanwhile, at Roger's house, Bea begins to develop feelings and soon has a revelation for Roger.
3470	Real Humans	Heritage	Drama	10.0	The truth about David Eischer's experiments leaks out to the police, and Inger Engman suddenly understands the link to Anita. Kevin gets tired of Rick's bullying and returns to a home and a stepfather he doesn't recognise. And after a successful flight attempt, Leo finds his beloved Mimi.
3470	Real Humans	The Code	Drama	10.0	In the final episode, everyone wants the code, which in the wrong hands could spell disaster for humankind. Leo is very weak, but continues to flee with Mimi in the underground passages of the metro. Bea and Carl are both after them, both trying to reach them first. At the same time, Tobias has a strange gift in his room.
3470	Real Humans	Episode 1	Drama	10.0	A virus is spreading like a pandemic, making infected hubots uncontrollable and dangerous. Bea is reactivated after several months, and she resumes her desperate search for David's lost code.
3470	Real Humans	Episode 2	Drama	10.0	Bea continues the search for the code that will free the hubots. Tobias struggles with his transhuman sexuality, his desire for Mimi stronger than ever. The Engman family receives a package containing grandpa Engman's clone.
3470	Real Humans	Episode 3	Drama	10.0	Bea struggles to get into Greta's safe. The Engman family activate Lennart's clone. Douglas has trouble accepting Florentine's secret. In Hubattleland, Roger makes a disturbing discovery.
3470	Real Humans	Episode 4	Drama	10.0	As Douglas and Florentine make their wedding plans, Claes cannot help but get involved. At the Engman house, Lennart's clone becomes increasingly restive. Mimi starts work as a full employee at the law firm, but encounters resistance from her colleagues. Tobias and Matilda take Mimi to Transhuman Fest.
3470	Real Humans	Episode 5	Drama	10.0	Bea and Colette have finally found David's clone, but the brain is missing. They continue their hunt while Tobias and Matilda examine the code on the USB stick. A piece is missing and Matilda suspects Mimi may be the key. When Roger is sent out to pick up a hubot, he has a not-so-happy reunion. Florentine's dreams are coming true, but perhaps it's not so desirable to be human after all.
3470	Real Humans	Episode 6	Drama	10.0	Therese wants to move to the more tolerant Holland, but she wants to try to persuade Kevin to come along. Tobias, Betty and Matilda attempt to program Lennart's clone with David's code. Douglas and Florentine must wait three years to adopt a child, but Florentine will not wait. At Hubbattleland, Rick gets hold of a real gun.
3470	Real Humans	Episode 7	Drama	10.0	Despite Douglas' objections, Florentine refuses to give up the baby she has stolen. Rick is armed and dangerous and does not intend to bow to any human. Jonas activates David's clone and tries to extract the code; he is forced to enlist the help of Bea, who has other plans. Gordon breaks into Florentine's home to free her from Douglas.
3470	Real Humans	Episode 8	Drama	10.0	Mimi has been hit hard by the virus; Hans is forced to take her to Einar for help. Florentine goes to the law firm for the reading of Douglas' will, where a big secret is revealed. David's clone tries to find a way to rescue Bea while working with with Jonas on the code. Realizing the code is out in the world somewhere, Jonas sends Silus to find it. Rick continues his struggle for freedom.
3470	Real Humans	Episode 9	Drama	10.0	Mimi's condition is getting worse; the Engmans discover something about her past. In an attempt to destroy Florentine, Petra turns to the police and the Real Humans; Claes and Inger fight hard to save her. Jonas continues his plan to transfer his consciousness into his clone, but to succeed, Silas must do him a great service. Jonas begins to doubt David's clone after a disclosure from Bea.
3470	Real Humans	Episode 10	Drama	10.0	With Florentine's future to be decided in court, Mimi is called as a witness. An unexpected person from her past shows up in the courtroom. Kevin and a gang of Real Humans Youth battle Rick for control of Hubattleland. Bea enlists Roger's help in the search for the code.
3472	Vincent	Vincent	Drama	none	This exciting, fast-paced new drama series stars Ray Winstone as Vincent Gallagher, head of a team of private investigators who are the last resort for troubled people with nowhere left to turn.
3473	Ultraviolet	Ultraviolet	Drama	none	Dark forces are at large in the city in this drama series about modern vampires, starring Jack DavenportThe premise of Ultraviolet is that vampires do exist and that a secret organisation backed by government funds – the CIB – not only tracks their movements, but spends a lot of time helping convert them to ashes. Ashes which are then stored in a high-security containment facility because it's a well-known fact that vampires can resurrect. The CIB (unlike, say, Buffy) uses high-tech equipment, so someone's obviously spent some time working out how to bring vampires and vampire-fighting up-to-date. Carbon bullets, guns incorporating cameras and mirror sights, vampire bites that can only be seen through ultraviolet light... these are all updates on popular vampire mythology.The CIB is made up of the traditional stereotypes of vampire hunting: a priest (Fr Pearse Harman - Philip Quast), an ex-soldier (Vaughan Rice - Idris Elba), and a scientist – in this case a haematology specialist (Dr Angela March - Susannah Harker). The three members of the team are dedicated and experienced, cold and clinically hardened to the killing that permeates their daily existence. The newest addition of the team, a cop (Michael Coleman – Jack Davenport) forced to kill his best friend after the latter becomes a vampire, is the character whose development we follow through the series.'When a human dies, the soul dies too. We are the source of all religion. We are the afterlife. There is nothing else...'
3473	Ultraviolet	Habeas Corpus	Drama	none	Mike is dragged away from Jack's stag night by a terrified, yet unreliable, informant who's desperate to talk to Jack. Mike simply wants to stop him turning up at the reception, but when the informant turns up dead and Jack disappears, Mike finds himself being pulled into a dark underworld of which he knows nothing.
3473	Ultraviolet	In Nomine Patris	Drama	none	Whilst investigating a suspicious hit-and-run by a car with blacked-out windows, the squad suspects that the son of a well-known businessman is a leech and decides to look into his financial activities.
3473	Ultraviolet	Sub Judice	Drama	none	The squad investigate the attempted rape of a female barrister who it seems was apparently saved by a leech. They find that she has been attempting to have a child, and has been been impregnated in-vitro with her late husband's sperm, but the pregnancy is not normal.
3473	Ultraviolet	Mea Culpa	Drama	none	After a boy kills a priest, the squad discovers signs of infection among the schoolboys, even though none appear to have been bitten.
3473	Ultraviolet	Terra Incognita	Drama	none	The squad becomes interested in a shipment of mysterious crates from Brazil. Michael suspects Kirsty has been 'taken' and meets her to find out.
3473	Ultraviolet	Persona Non Grata	Drama	none	The captive leech is identified and the squad uncovers a plan to exterminate mankind. Meanwhile, Michael searches for Kirsty, who seems to have been abducted.
3474	Thunderbirds	Thunderbirds	Action	9.0	Thunderbirds are Go!! The year is 2065. A secret organization has been formed by multi-millionaire Jeff Tracy. The team consists of his 5 sons and his engineer, Brains. His Grandma, Kyrano, and Tin-Tin also live with the family. They live on Tracy Island somewhere in the South Pacific. They have many secret undercover agents for the organization. One in particular is Lady Penelope and Nosey Parker. The two live in a mansion in London. Scott Tracy pilots Thunderbird 1. This ship is like a scout ship. Thunderbird 2 is piloted by Virgil Tracy. This ship carries all the rescue equipment including Thunderbird 4. Thunderbird 3 is piloted by Alan, John, and sometimes Scott. The craft is used as a ferry between Thunderbird 5 and space rescues. Thunderbird 4 is piloted by Gordon Tracy. This craft is for water rescues. Thunderbird 5 is a space station in outer space. It is monitored by John and Alan on monthly shifts.
3475	This is Jinsy	This is Jinsy	Comedy	none	From newcomers Chris Bran and Justin Chubb comes This Is Jinsy, a truly original comedy about the eccentric residents of the fictional island of Jinsy.Packed with surreal sketches and catchy songs, each episode follows the adventures of the islands pompous Arbiter Maven (Chubb) and his beleaguered assistant, Sporall (Bran), as they enforce the wishes of The Great He, and generally find trouble at every turn.Based in the Great Tower in the parish of Veen, Maven and Sporall keep a close eye on the residents of Jinsy all 791 of them. Life on the island, you see, is rather Orwellian: each colourful member of the community, from local folk Dribbler Melody lane to weather monk Tracee Henge, is monitored by a surveillance system of tessellators (1,067 of them to be precise). But with their own lives as chaotic and unpredictable as a musical vest (dont ask), are they really the right men for the job?The pilot episode proved This Is Jinsys potential, earning a prestigious Rose dOr award nomination and praise from critics and industry insiders alike. Directed by BAFTA award-winner Matt Lipsey (Little Britain, Psychoville), the series features a range of guest stars including David Tennant, Harry Hill, Jennifer Saunders, Catherine Tate, Peter Serafinowicz, Don Warrington, KT Tunstall, and Simon Callow.Bouncing from one brilliantly bizarre moment to the next, This Is Jinsy is wonderfully oddball comedy that has all the makings of a cult classic.Should you enjoy the show (and we sincerely hope you do), you might wish to whet your whistle some more. In which case do check out the This Is Jinsy page on iTunes. You might also wish to increase your knowledge of the island and its inhabitants, in which case take a look through our residents gallery before popping along to Jinsy island's own official website, where you can get to know the peculiar rock and the even more peculiar folk who live on it in greater detail.
3476	Midnight Man	Midnight Man	Drama	none	Disgraced journalist Max Raban is reduced to raking though bins for celebrity stories, a thankless task that suits him because of his phobia of daylight. His condition has already driven his wife and daughter away and he's desperate for a real story. When he uncovers the murder of two Iranian cousins, Max starts to suspect that there is a death squad at work, targeting pro-Islamists and backed by an organisation bent on waging perpetual war. Is Max an investigative journalist at last?
3477	We Got Married	We Got Married	Romance	none	We Got Married is a popular South Korean reality variety show, a segment of the Sunday Sunday Night program. First broadcast in 2008, the show pairs up Korean celebrities to see what life would be like if they were married. Each week, couples are assigned missions to complete, and they have candid interviews of the participants to reveal their thoughts and feelings.
3478	We Got Married: Global Edition	We Got Married: Global Edition	Romance	none	We Got Married: Global Edition is a spin-off of the widely popular show We Got Married. In this show, celebrities from different countries simulate a marriage while receiving weekly missions and giving candid interviews. Couples are paired from Korea, Japan and Taiwan.
3479	Running Man	Running Man	Comedy	10.0	Running Man is a South Korean variety show that first aired on July 11, 2010. This show is classified as an "urban action variety"; a never-before-seen new genre of variety shows. The MCs and guests complete missions in landmarks to win the race. It has garnered attention as being the come-back program for Yu Jae-suk, the main MC of the program, after leaving Good Sunday's Family Outing in February 2010.
3480	Infinite Challenge	Infinite Challenge	Comedy	none	Infinite Challenge is a Korean television entertainment program that is distributed and syndicated by MBC. It is recognized as the first "real variety" show in Korean television history. The program is largely unscripted and follows a similar format of challenge-based reality television programs, familiar to some audiences in the West.The challenges are often silly, absurd, or impossible to achieve, so the program takes on the aspect of a satirical comedy variety show rather than a more standard reality or contest program. In earlier episodes, the show's six hosts and staff would continuously proclaim that, in order to achieve its comedic purposes, the program was 3-D: Dirty, Dangerous, and Difficult.
3484	Invasion Earth	Invasion Earth	Science-Fiction	none	In the lonely Scottish highlands, a small band of military personnel fight a desperate battle against a formidable alien intruder to prevent an invasion of the Earth
3484	Invasion Earth	The Last War	Science-Fiction	none	After one of their pilot shoots down an mysterious aircraft over Scotland, the RAF is determined to find out who or what was flying the plane. Meanwhile, a group from SETI is recruited to investigate a possible extraterrestrial message.
3484	Invasion Earth	The Fourth Dimension	Science-Fiction	none	When an implant is removed from the pilot of the alien craft, a mysterious force from another dimensions arrives and abducts several people.
3484	Invasion Earth	Only the Dead	Science-Fiction	none	Terrell reveals the truth about his past and his connection a peaceful alien race called the Echos who have been desperately resisting the malevolent nDs.
3484	Invasion Earth	The Fall of Man	Science-Fiction	none	When reports of alien threat are met with skepticism, Reece decides to capture a living nD by using Terrell's craft as bait.
3484	Invasion Earth	The Battle More Costly	Science-Fiction	none	When the nDs attack the remote Scottish village of Kirkhaven, Reece must deploy his unit in order to stop the attack.
3484	Invasion Earth	The Shatterer of Worlds	Science-Fiction	none	An enormous black mountain appears outside of Kirkhaven and begins to absorb surrounding organic material. Reece sends a helicopter to the mountain in order to gather data to stop it. Ultimately, nuclear weapons must be used to stop it.
3485	Helen West	Helen West	Drama	none	Amanda Burton plays Helen West, a crusading senior prosecutor with the Crown Prosecution Service. Helen's life is complicated by her ongoing affair with a senior police officer (Connor Mullan). This miniseries of three episodes was based on the novels of Frances Fyfield.
3488	Rawhide	Rawhide	Action	none	Gil Favor is trail boss of a continuous cattle drive; he is assisted by Rowdy Yates. The crew runs into characters and adventures along the way. Rawhide was a television western series that aired on the U.S. network CBS from 1959 to 1966. The show starred Eric Fleming and launched the career of Clint Eastwood. The series ran for eight seasons on the CBS network from January 9, 1959 to January 4, 1966, with a total of 217 episodes, all filmed and broadcast in black and white. Rawhide was the fourth longest-running American TV western.
3488	Rawhide	Hostage Child	Action	none	A military officer discovers that one of the Indians that he despises... is his wife.
3488	Rawhide	The Immigrants	Action	none	A German count takes three of the drovers prisoner and puts them to work as his servants.
3489	Fried	Fried	Comedy	none	Comedy following the disgruntled staff in a struggling fast-food branch in Croydon, with the team led by an eternally optimistic but desperately ineffectual manager.
3491	Tyler Perry's If Loving You Is Wrong	Tyler Perry's If Loving You Is Wrong	Drama	none	With a diverse cast and storylines ranging from heartfelt to scandalous, the sexy, sleek drama takes viewers into the lives of a group of husbands, wives and friends that live and love in the same middle class neighborhood. On the surface they are true-to-life, relatable people—raising children, working jobs, finding and maintaining romance—but just below the veneer of happiness, their lives are entangled by heartbreak, deceit and lies that threaten to destroy everything.
3491	Tyler Perry's If Loving You Is Wrong	Miss Louise	Drama	none	As Marcie struggles with her and Randal's relationship, a surprise lies ahead.
3491	Tyler Perry's If Loving You Is Wrong	The Beauty That Is	Drama	none	The ladies show support for Alex as she deals with giving birth.
3493	Old School	Old School	Drama	none	Ted McCabe, a retired cop, and Lennie Cahill a retired crim, get together to solve crimes, unravel scams and make some cash, while avoiding the wrath of the police and the underworld.
3494	Mann & Wife	Mann & Wife	Comedy	none	Daniel and Michael go undercover to catch an art thief. Michelle visits and is excited to help DJ with a school assignment, but has a hard time convincing DJ she's up for the job.
3496	Sin City Saints	Sin City Saints	Comedy	none	"Sin City Saints", is an off-beat comedy set in the front office of a fictional pro basketball expansion team. It centers on Jake Tullus, a Silicon Valley tycoon whose lifelong dream was to buy a pro basketball team but quickly finds he's in over his head. The group he assembled to run Las Vegas' first pro sports team won't be much help.
3497	Backpackers	Backpackers	Comedy	none	In an attempt to get over a serious case of cold feet, recently engaged Ryan (Noah Reid) and Beth (Meghan Heffern) embark on separate European vacations with the mantra "what happens in Europe, stays in Europe." But hours into his adventure with his party animal and womanizing best friend Brandon (Dillon Casey), Ryan realizes he's made a huge mistake and sets off in search of Beth. His one problem? He has no idea where she could be.
3497	Backpackers	It's Like, 'ow You Say, The Crazy Love	Comedy	none	As best friends Ryan and Brandon race across Europe in search of Ryan's missing bride-to-be, they find themselves struggling with the eternal twenty-something question of what to do with their lives.
3497	Backpackers	A-milf-ey Coast	Comedy	none	Ryan is obsessed with finding his fiancée Beth, so he and Brandon reach out to Beth's family to locate her travel itinerary. They quickly find themselves at Beth's younger brother Randall's mercy when he demands payment in the form of topless photos before handing over any info. The guys head to a beach on the Amalfi Coast and spot Isabella Cucinota, the screen siren of Brandon's childhood dreams. Ryan wants to stay focused on getting a topless photo for Beth's brother, but Brandon can't say no when Isabella invites the guys back to her place.
3498	Land of the Giants	Land of the Giants	Adventure	7.0	Three crew and four passengers aboard the low-orbit shuttlecraft Spindrift are swept up into a space warp and transported to a planet light-years distant. While the planet is similar to Earth, everything is 12 times the size of what they are accustomed to. The seven now-miniature Earthlings must find the parts to repair the ship, while evading the planet's totalitarian government.
3498	Land of the Giants	The Crash	Adventure	7.0	The Spindrift is drawn through a space warp, and the seven passengers and crew come to grips with their new world while stalked by a Giant entomologist.
3498	Land of the Giants	Ghost Town	Adventure	7.0	A sadistic Giant girl takes some of the Earthlings prisoner and locks them up in her toy town.
3498	Land of the Giants	Framed	Adventure	7.0	The Earthlings are the only witnesses to a Giant woman's killer... and try to help the hobo framed for her murder.
3498	Land of the Giants	Underground	Adventure	7.0	The Earthlings help an underground resistance that is trying to overthrow the Land's tyrannical rulers.
3498	Land of the Giants	Terror-Go-Round	Adventure	7.0	Giant Gypsies capture two of the Earthlings and want to make them exhibits in their traveling show.
3498	Land of the Giants	The Flight Plan	Adventure	7.0	The Earthlings find another castaway, only to discover too late that he's working with Giant thieves to steal Spindrift's reactor.
3498	Land of the Giants	Manhunt	Adventure	7.0	A Giant convict on the run grabs Spindrift and takes it with him. Unfortunately, when he stumbles into quicksand, the Earthlings must rescue him--and their ship--before the authorities catch the man.
3498	Land of the Giants	The Trap	Adventure	7.0	The Giants develop a sound device that lets them home in on the Earthlings no matter how hard they try to hide.
3498	Land of the Giants	The Creed	Adventure	7.0	When Barry is stricken by appendicitis, the Earthlings have no choice but to turn to a Giant doctor and hope he won't turn them in.
3498	Land of the Giants	Double-Cross	Adventure	7.0	Fitzhugh, stricken by amnesia after a blow to the head, teams up with two Giant thieves.
3498	Land of the Giants	The Weird World	Adventure	7.0	A paranoid Earthling has survived for years on the planet after the rest of his crew were killed under mysterious circumstances.
3498	Land of the Giants	The Golden Cage	Adventure	7.0	Mark is attracted to a young Earthling woman who was rescued by the Giants after her ship crashed. Now she wants Don to join her... no matter what happens to his crewmates.
3498	Land of the Giants	The Lost Ones	Adventure	7.0	The Spindrift crew find four survivors of a previous flight: teenagers who don't take well to authority figures.
3498	Land of the Giants	Brainwash	Adventure	7.0	The Giants develop a truth serum and plan to test it on the Earthlings, and set out to capture one.
3498	Land of the Giants	The Bounty Hunter	Adventure	7.0	A Giant and his daughter capture several of the Earthlings during a search for salvage.
3498	Land of the Giants	On a Clear Day You Can See Earth	Adventure	7.0	A Giant scientist develops a pair of infra-red goggles which he believes can find the Earthlings... and spot Earth.
3498	Land of the Giants	Deadly Lodestone	Adventure	7.0	A metal implant in Dan's leg registers on a Giant detector, and the Earthlings must turn to the doctor who helped them with Barry's appendicitis to remove it.
3498	Land of the Giants	Night of Thrombeldinbar	Adventure	7.0	Fitzhugh entertains two Giant orphans by pretending to be Thrombeldinbar, a legendary elf similar to Santa Claus. However, he's unaware that the holiday ends with children setting Thrombeldinbar on fire.
3498	Land of the Giants	Seven Little Indians	Adventure	7.0	SSI Inspector Kobick captures Chipper, and uses him as bait to lure the other Earthlings into a trap, one at a time.
3498	Land of the Giants	Target: Earth	Adventure	7.0	Mark reluctantly helps two Giant scientists build a spaceship, in the hopes that the Earthlings can use it to return home.
3498	Land of the Giants	Genius At Work	Adventure	7.0	A young Giant prodigy tries to help the Earthlings get home, creating a pill that enlarges them to Giant size.
3498	Land of the Giants	Return of Inidu	Adventure	7.0	Four of the Earthlings befriend an out-of-work Giant magician, while two Giant criminals stalk the man in an old house.
3498	Land of the Giants	Rescue	Adventure	7.0	The Earthlings are the only help to rescue a young Giant girl caught in a well, after she accidentally falls in chasing them.
3498	Land of the Giants	Sabotage	Adventure	7.0	A Giant Senator tries to help the Earthlings, but the SSI tries to bring him down and frame the Earthlings for sabotage.
3498	Land of the Giants	Shell Game	Adventure	7.0	The Earthlings try to help a young Giant boy who is deaf, using their advanced technology. The boy's father must decide whether to accept their help or turn them in for the reward.
3498	Land of the Giants	The Chase	Adventure	7.0	Kobick tries to use the Earthlings to track down a ring of Giant counterfeiters, and plans to double-cross them once they've served their purpose.
3499	Xiaolin Chronicles	Xiaolin Chronicles	Comedy	none	Now with help from a new team member, the Xiaolin Dragons-in-training return to fight the ever-growing Heylin side as well as find and protect more of the supernatural ancient artifacts known as the Shen-Gong-Wu.
3499	Xiaolin Chronicles	Buddy Blue Ray & the Golden Bunnies	Comedy	none	Dojo dreams about the mysterious dancing bunnies, which lead to the Golden Bunny - a mystical talisman hidden amongst the giant bunnies in an ancient citadel. The Monks must do what it takes to find and protect the sacred object, while keeping the giant bunnies at bay or they will mutate into beastly creatures and destroy the village.
3499	Xiaolin Chronicles	Tokyo Madness	Comedy	none	Kimiko must save the day by going inside Digital Tokyo, a virtual world built by her father to battle a giant cyber worm.
3499	Xiaolin Chronicles	Magic Stallion and the Wild Wild West	Comedy	none	Clay leads the Xiaolin Monks on a Wild West adventure, saving his Grandpappy's cattle from being turned into a casualty of Jack's latest evil scientific experiment.
3499	Xiaolin Chronicles	Laws of Nature	Comedy	none	Chase Young discovers a weak link in the ecological order that, if manipulated properly, will cause a domino effect of cataclysmic destruction. Meanwhile, Jack's mishaps causes Chase's evil plan to backfire.
3499	Xiaolin Chronicles	Out of Ping Pong's Mind	Comedy	none	Chase Young grows wary of Ping Pong's power. To destroy him, Chase uses Ping Pong's own mind as a trap, literally.
3499	Xiaolin Chronicles	Xiaolin Redemption	Comedy	none	The heroes must escort the dangerous, slippery half-man, half-reptilian Salvador Cumo to prison. Along the journey, Raimundo winds up falling prey to Salvador's charm and childhood stories, which puts the Monks' lives and mission at risk.
3499	Xiaolin Chronicles	Princess Kaila of the Thousand Layer Mountain	Comedy	none	Chase launches an all out attack on the Xiaolin Monks turning everyone except Omi into Cat Warriors. To save his friends, Omi must travel back in time to find Grand Master Dashi for advice.
3499	Xiaolin Chronicles	Planet of the Dragons	Comedy	none	A mysterious mini-dragon arrives from the future causing Dojo to accidentally disappear. The Xiaolin Monks travel forward in time to rescue him, only to find that Dojo has become King of the Dragon Planet, where dragons rule and humans are kept as pets.
3499	Xiaolin Chronicles	The Mask of the Green Monkey	Comedy	none	When the Mask of the Green Monkey surfaces, Omi ignores everyone's advice and insists on going after the mysterious object.
3502	Run, Jang Mi	Run, Jang Mi	Family	none	Jang Mi is a woman with a warm personality which makes her kind to everyone. She is 26-years-old and a graduate student majoring in culinary arts. She was brought up in a wealthy family, but loses everything one day when her father passes away. Jang Mi's life changes completely after her father's death. While Jang-Mi struggles to make a living, she meets a man who is the grandson of a food company president and they become involved romantically.
3503	Spy	Spy	Action	none	The fictional story begins after the execution of real-life North Korean general Jang Sung-taek. One day an order comes down from North Korea, reactivating erstwhile spy Park Hye-rim who has spent decades in South Korea as an ordinary housewife. She is given the mission to turn and bring in her own son, Kim Sun-woo. Cool-headed, quick-witted genius Sun-woo is an information analyst on North Korea working for the NIS. His girlfriend Yoon-jin is a tour guide for Chinese tourists who cannot speak Chinese, and they fell in love when Sun-woo helped her translate. Hye-rim is suddenly forced to choose between her son and country, and risks her life to see the choice through.
3504	One Love	One Love	Comedy	none	Bounce TV's all-new original sitcom One Love follows the hilarious adventures of Pastor William (Mark Curry, Hangin' with Mr. Cooper) and Carolyn Winters (Sheryl Lee Ralph, Moesha), the first family of Mt. Sinai church. Together for thirty years, they've led their congregation as perfect role models, but when their adult children begin to navigate relationships of their own, the laughs collide with the love.
3505	Detectives of Seonam Girls' High School	Detectives of Seonam Girls' High School	Romance	none	Five students at the Seonam Girls' High School form a detective club, and set out to solve mysteries around them, some involving bullying, abortion, and suicide.
3510	Tales From the Darkside	Tales From the Darkside	Fantasy	none	Each week presents another standalone story of horror fantasy, and/or science fiction. Some episodes are gruesome, a few are of a lighter comedic style.
3510	Tales From the Darkside	Distant Signals	Fantasy	none	A mysterious investor attempts to revive an obscure TV show from the 60s... and is willing to pay in gold bars to do it.
3511	Men Into Space	Men Into Space	Drama	none	In the not-so-distant future, Man makes the leap into space. Under the leadership of Colonel Ed McCauley of the USAF, Mankind leaps into orbit, colonizes the Moon, and by the end of the series is launching the first spacecraft to Mars. In this relatively realistic portrayal of manned space flight, many of the episodes stem around problems caused by the actual problems of space exploration.There are no aliens of other science fiction elements, and everything is grounded in scientific fact.
3511	Men Into Space	Flight to the Red Planet	Drama	none	McCauley leads the first manned flight to Phobos, moon of Mars. However, their departure window is tight and one of the scientists disappears a few hours before departure.
3512	Stingray	Stingray	Action	none	"Ray" is an enigmatic adventurer, apparently a former spy, with no traceable past who travels from place to place helping people in trouble, usually due to something illegal. He doesn't take money, but instead demands a "favor" from the person he helps, to be collected sometimes in the future. Often the favor is used to help someone else who needs Ray's services. Ray's real name isn't known, and it may or may not be an alias taken from the vintage Corvette Stingray that he drives.
3512	Stingray	Cry Wolf	Action	none	The star of a popular medical soap opera manages to run into trouble with both the Yakuza and the Mafia, and his agent puts him in touch with Ray.
3512	Stingray	Caper	Action	none	A Russian defector asks Ray to recover her father, a scientist who has been abducted to force her to return. Her father is being being brought back by ocean liner to the Motherland. Ray calls upon his favors to assemble a team... but things don't quite go as planned.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	Star Trek: The Animated Series	Action	7.3	Boldly continuing where Star Trek: The Original Series left off, these animated adventures chart the progress of Captain Kirk and his crew in a universe unconstrained by "real-life" special-effects limits!
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	Beyond the Farthest Star	Action	7.3	The Enterprise discovers an ancient derelict alien ship orbiting a dead star. Upon investigation they discover that the crew destroyed themselves, rather than letting a malignant alien escape the dead star.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	Yesteryear	Action	7.3	An expedition through the Guardian of Forever inadvertently prevents Spock from traveling back to his childhood to save his younger self during a hazardous Vulcan ordeal. To set things straight, Spock must go through the Guardian and revisit his time growing up... and save his life before he is wiped from existence.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	One of Our Planets is Missing	Action	7.3	An enormous space-going entity consumes whole planetary systems... and a Federation colony is next in its path. The Enterprise must brave its antimatter interior and find a way to stop it.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	The Lorelei Signal	Action	7.3	While exploring a mysterious section of space, the male crew are attracted by a mysterious signal. Kirk beams down with a landing party and encounters a race of seductive women, who harbor a dark secret.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	More Tribbles, More Troubles	Action	7.3	The tribbles are back, and are causing problems for the Klingons.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	The Survivor	Action	7.3	The Enterprise rescues Carter Winston, a financier and philanthropist who has been missing for years. However, it soon becomes clear that Winston is harboring a secret of his own, and is allied with the Romulans.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	The Infinite Vulcan	Action	7.3	The Enterprise discovers a planet inhabited by a once vast plant-based civilization that have been reduced to a few survivors. They are now led by Dr. Keniclius, a human grown to giant proportions... and he wants Spock to join him.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	The Magicks of Megas-Tu	Action	7.3	The Enterprise travels to the center of the galaxy only to discover themselves sucked into a dimension where the laws of time and space no longer apply, and "magic" functions for those capable of grasping its fundamentals.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	Once Upon a Planet	Action	7.3	The Enterprise travels to the shore leave planet for some well-deserved rest and relaxation. The planet can create organic androids based on the crew's imagination, but they soon discover that the planet has a hostile mind of its own.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	Mudd's Passion	Action	7.3	Harcourt Fenton Mudd returns with a love potion which he claims can cause any male and female to fall in love. He inadvertently releases it into the Enterprise's ventilation system and they discover that his claims are true.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	The Terratin Incident	Action	7.3	The Enterprise responds to an old-style distress signal from an unknown "Terratin" colony, and follow it to its source: an uninhabited planet about to shatter from internal stress. However, a mysterious beam strikes the ship and the crew begins to shrink... and shrink...
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	The Time Trap	Action	7.3	The Enterprise is sent on a mission to explore a "Bermuda Triangle of Space," only to find itself and a Klingon ship trapped in a timeless piece of eternity inhabited by other lost ships. The two ships must work together before their only exit back to real space closes for good.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	The Ambergris Element	Action	7.3	While exploring an aquatic planet, Kirk and Spock are lost at sea. They are later found... but have been transformed into amphibious life forms. Now they must track down the planet's mysterious inhabitants and find a cure, or be left to live as freaks in the Federation.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	The Slaver Weapon	Action	7.3	Spock, Sulu, and Uhura are delivering a Slaver stasis box by shuttlecraft when they detect another box. Following the signal, they soon discover that a Kzinti privateer has set a trap. Capturing the Enterprise crew, they discover their box holds a rare find, a shape-shfiting Slaver weapon. Now Spock and the others must keep the Kzinti from returning to their government with the weapon.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	The Eye of the Beholder	Action	7.3	The Enterprise go looking for a lost expedition and a landing party finds the missing crew: trapped in an alien zoo in which they themselves are soon taken as prisoners. Now they must somehow establish communications with their evolved slug-like captors who think of them as primitive animals.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	The Jihad	Action	7.3	Kirk and Spock are chosen by a mysterious race to lead an expedition of alien specialists to an "insane planet" and recover a missing artifact, the Soul of Alar, before the avian Skorr go on a galactic jihad.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	The Pirates of Orion	Action	7.3	Spock is stricken ill with a disease that is fatal to Vulcans. With time running out, the Enterprise must rendezvous with another ship carrying the cure. However, Orion pirates hijack the shipment and Kirk must deal with them before Spock dies.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	Bem	Action	7.3	The Enterprise plays host to Ambassador Bem, an arrogant member of a neutral race. However, Bem endangers all of their lives when he conducts a test of suitability upon Kirk and Spock during an exploratory mission on a primitive planet.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	The Practical Joker	Action	7.3	After avoiding a Romulan ambush by entering a strange energy cloud, the Enterprise finds itself at the mercy of an insane ship's computer that indulges in a series of increasingly aggressive practical jokes.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	Albatross	Action	7.3	The Enterprise goes to the planet Dramia II to deliver medical supplies, only to have McCoy arrested and put on trial for deliberately spreading a disease that wiped out an entire colony. Now Kirk must clear his friend's name before the doctor is executed.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	How Sharper Than a Serpent's Tooth?	Action	7.3	Backtracking a mysterious probe, the Enterprise confronts a ship in the form of a giant feathered serpent. Its captain, Kukulkan, insists on putting Kirk and others through a test to determine if they have grown sufficiently to receive his wisdom.
3513	Star Trek: The Animated Series	The Counter-Clock Incident	Action	7.3	The Enterprise inadvertently locks a tractor beam on a ship diving into a nova, and finds itself pulled into a bizarre parallel universe where time flies backward and the crew becomes younger at an alarming rate.
3515	The Wild Wild West	The Wild Wild West	Adventure	8.0	James West and Artemus Gordon are two Secret Service agents of President Grant who take their splendidly appointed private train through the west to fight evil. Half science fiction and half western, Artemus designs a series of interesting gadgets for James that would make Inspector Gadget proud. A light-hearted adventure series that was a fan favorite.
3515	The Wild Wild West	The Night of the Raven	Adventure	8.0	Dr. Loveless abducts an Indian Princess in the hopes that he can create a war between Indians and whites. When Jim and Artie go to investigate, they find Loveless waiting... with a powder that can shrink anyone down to 6 inches tall.
3516	Monsters	Monsters	Horror	none	This half-hour anthology series, from several of the people who created Tales From the Darkside, each week features a unique "monster" in a story with a typical twist at the end.
3516	Monsters	Leavings	Horror	none	Two police officers find a man on the streets with his arms surgically removed... when several days earlier, they saw him with his arms intact. They report the matter to their superiors, who seem oddly unconcerned.
3518	Memphis Beat	Memphis Beat	Drama	none	Jason Lee (My Name Is Earl) stars as a Memphis police detective with an intimate connection to the city, a passion for its music and a very demanding boss.
3525	Nice Guy	Nice Guy	Drama	none	The drama is a melodrama which depicts the story of a man called Kang Ma Roo who has been hurt by a woman he loves called Han Jae Hee and how he continues his own life by using several women. He sacrificed his well being for his girlfriend only to be dumped by her for another man. Then, he sets off to take revenge on her with the help of his best friend. He approaches Seo Eun Gi, the daughter of the chaebol group executive who lost her memory in order to execute his revenge.
3526	The Slave Hunters	The Slave Hunters	Drama	none	Chuno is an epic historical drama that is one of the highest rated series in 2010 in South Korea, and which has already found much success internationally. Chuno takes us back to the Joseon Dynasty, where slaves form a 'righteous army' to change the ruling status quo, and have a decent life irrespective of their social standing. The story revolves around a runway general falsely accused of a crime and made a slave, his sister who was sold off and is the love interest of her master, who is a man of 'high birth' and who later becomes known as the 'Slave Hunter.' This is their story, passionately told and well acted, wrapped around danger, suspense, political turmoil, equality, unfairness, love, and redemption.
3527	Garage Sale Mystery	Garage Sale Mystery	Drama	9.0	Jennifer Shannon (Lori Loughlin) can always find a diamond in the rough - when it comes to garage sales, that is! Whether it's a new antique to sell at her consignment shop, an Atari game for her son or a piece of furniture for her handy husband Jason to refurbish, she has made a career out of her treasure hunting prowess. But, when a string of burglaries hits her town, Jennifer must use her keen eye for detail and her natural problem solving instincts to help her piece together the clues and catch the criminal before it's too late! As she gets closer to the truth, Jennifer learns that crime solving can be far more dangerous than any garage sale. Can she uncover the "Garage Sale Mystery", or will her investigation create problems that not even Jennifer can solve?
3527	Garage Sale Mystery	Garage Sale Mystery	Drama	9.0	Jennifer Shannon (Lori Loughlin) can always find a diamond in the rough - when it comes to garage sales, that is! Whether it's a new antique to sell at her consignment shop, an Atari game for her son or a piece of furniture for her handy husband Jason to refurbish, she has made a career out of her treasure hunting prowess. But, when a string of burglaries hits her town, Jennifer must use her keen eye for detail and her natural problem solving instincts to help her piece together the clues and catch the criminal before it's too late! As she gets closer to the truth, Jennifer learns that crime solving can be far more dangerous than any garage sale. Can she uncover the "Garage Sale Mystery", or will her investigation create problems that not even Jennifer can solve?
3527	Garage Sale Mystery	All That Glitters	Drama	9.0	Jennifer Shannon has a gift for finding rare treasures hidden in garage sales that she can resell at her consignment store, Rags to Riches. But her keen eye for finding valuables also gets her involved in the criminal investigations that happen at the very second-hand sales she frequents. When Jennifer's friend and self-storage facility owner Martin turns up murdered just hours after auctioning off an abandoned storage unit full of unique items to Jennifer, she is immediately pulled on the case as a key eyewitness. Working with Detective Lynwood, Jennifer helps single out a disgruntled customer as the prime suspect, while she and her business partner, Danielle, sift through boxes from the auction. As her husband Jason worries about her safety, Jennifer starts to get over her head when there is a break-in at her store and a run-in with Martin's angry wife. Then, Jennifer and Danielle discover their new merchandise contains the sparkly evidence they needed all along to nail the surprising real culprit. They must race to save a life and put their own on the line. Will they succeed before times runs out?
3527	Garage Sale Mystery	The Deadly Room	Drama	9.0	Jennifer Shannon uses her sharp eye when finding rare garage sale treasures to resell at the consignment store she owns with business partner, Dani. When Jennifer's friend dies trying to disprove rumors that a multi-million dollar home she is trying to sell has a deadly curse, she puts these intuitive skills to the test. As Jennifer uncovers clues that bring her closer to the truth, she also puts her own life in danger.
3527	Garage Sale Mystery	The Wedding Dress	Drama	9.0	Jennifer Shannon has made a career of finding rare garage sale treasures to resell at the consignment store she owns with her business partner, Dani. When she finds a wedding dress that was worn on the day a groom went missing, Jennifer uses her knack for solving puzzles to investigate this unsolved cold case. After meeting the dress's original owner, Helen, and finding traces of blood on the dress, Jennifer digs deeper into the decades-old mystery with the help of Detective Lynwood, and the support of her husband, Jason. With every clue that Jennifer uncovers, she gets closer to either finding the long-missing groom, or uncovering a wedding day murder.
3529	Empire	Empire	Drama	none	Empire is an hour-long Western television series set on a 1960s 500,000-acre ranch in New Mexico, starring Richard Egan, Terry Moore, and Ryan O'Neal. It ran on NBC from September 25, 1962, to May 14, 1963.In the second abbreviated season, from September 24 to December 31, 1963, it was renamed Redigo after Egan's title character, Jim Redigo, the general manager of the fictitious Garrett ranch in Empire, and reduced to a half-hour.
3530	The Blue Knight	The Blue Knight	Drama	5.0	The Blue Knight is an American CBS crime TV series starring George Kennedy as Officer Bumper Morgan. The show was based on the best selling novel by author Joseph Wambaugh. It was also inspired by the 1973 TV film The Blue Knight, starring William Holden, which ran before the TV show premiered.
3530	The Blue Knight	Two to Make Deadly	Drama	5.0	Two brutal hoods put their victims through savage beatings in Bumper's (George Kennedy) district.
3530	The Blue Knight	Triple Threat	Drama	5.0	The lawyer of a wounded mugger is his sister, who doesn't believe he is a hood.
3530	The Blue Knight	Odds Against Tomorrow	Drama	5.0	The assistant of an unscrupulous bookmaker refuses help from Bumper (George Kennedy) for fear of reprisal.
3530	The Blue Knight	A Fashionable Connection	Drama	5.0	Bumper (George Kennedy) learns of a fashion-house chief's design to strike a big drug deal.
3530	The Blue Knight	The Cop Killer	Drama	5.0	Bumper (George Kennedy) becomes the target of an ex-con and a professional hit man.
3530	The Blue Knight	The Creeper	Drama	5.0	Bumper (George Kennedy) trails an odd hotel burglar whose speciality is slashing teddy bears.
3530	The Blue Knight	The Candy Man	Drama	5.0	After Bumper (George Kennedy) catches a heroin dealer, he learns that the criminal is being freed to help federal narcotics agents.
3530	The Blue Knight	Mariachi	Drama	5.0	Trouble comes in the form of a loan shark collector who's terrorizing people in Bumper's (George Kennedy) territory.
3530	The Blue Knight	Snitch's Karma	Drama	5.0	One of Bumper's (George Kennedy) informers helps in the case of a burglary ring headed by a pawn shop operator.
3530	The Blue Knight	A Slower Beat	Drama	5.0	Bumper's erstwhile girlfriend is a victim of a pair of armed robbers.
3530	The Blue Knight	To Kill a Tank	Drama	5.0	Trying to avoid inevitable violence, Bumper (George Kennedy) searches for a bookie's collection man who fled with a week's worth of receipts.
3530	The Blue Knight	The Pink Dragon	Drama	5.0	Bumper makes use of an alcoholic, down-and-out attorney called The Counselor to close down a bar for crooks and nab a sadistic hood named Sally G.(John Crawford). The bar atmosphere, Leonard Stone's Counselor, and the appearance of Joanna Moore as Molly, one of the hood's victims, give this effort the kind of seedy flavor it needs.
3530	The Blue Knight	Everybody Needs a Little Attention	Drama	5.0	Bumper (George Kennedy) grows philosophical about his personal laws, despite the fact that an aggrieved message parlor operator, Tina (Salome Jens), may cost him his badge. Along with the customary police series plots, which means putting the heat on Bumper Morgan's cop on the beat, the George Kennedy series specializes in old broads. This week Bumper faces abuse from Tina, a massage parlor manager, and takes it without flinching. Bumper also contemplates a wrestler with a penchant for wrecking cars. Harold Sakata, Kennedy's sidekick on his "Sarge" series, goes into his violent act and picks up a paycheck.
3530	The Blue Knight	Bullseye	Drama	5.0	A trigger happy cop charges into a stakeout set up by an informant and forces Bumper Morgan into an all-out battle. Stolen whiskey, an arrogant coworker and a handgun shipment provide Bumper (George Kennedy) with a barrage of problems.
3530	The Blue Knight	A Slight Case of Murder	Drama	5.0	The Blue Knight begins as an interesting character study of a derelict wino and his inadvertent involvement in a murder. Guest star Douglas V. Fowley portrays an innocent old derelict accused of the murder of a former policeman.
3530	The Blue Knight	Upward Mobility	Drama	5.0	Bumper stirs up trouble among the hoodlums and hookers of his beat when he tries to steer a young girl into a safer life, while, off the job, he dates a glamorous career woman (played by Barbara Rhoades), whose world is very different from his.
3530	The Blue Knight	The Rose and the Gun	Drama	5.0	During a drug bust, an over-eager young cop shoots and kills a suspect, then hints Bumper was afraid to fire, and the story badly affects Bumper's relationship with his fellow officers.
3530	The Blue Knight	Everything in Life Is 3-1 Against	Drama	5.0	A retired cop is heavily in debt to a bookmaker Bumper has doggedly tried to shut down.
3530	The Blue Knight	A Matter of Justice	Drama	5.0	Defying Bumper's warning about taking the law into his own hands, a vigilante goes after a band of hoodlum-robbers who raped his daughter.
3530	The Blue Knight	Great Wall of Chinatown	Drama	5.0	Bumper investigates the shooting death of a Chinese gang leader.
3530	The Blue Knight	Point of View	Drama	5.0	Bumper goes back to the Police Academy to take a course designed to update veterans in modern techniques. An ex-con has a job, but an informer says he is in on plans for a big robbery.
3530	The Blue Knight	Throwaway	Drama	5.0	Bumper is relieved from duty while officials investigate his fatal shooting of a hood.
3530	The Blue Knight	Death Echo	Drama	5.0	Joey, a mentally unbalanced man tries to be accused of a series of crimes committed in women and young people who looked alike physically. For a rare coincidence the real serial killer begins friendship with Joey and gives him the particular details of his crimes so that Joe's story rings true to the police.
3531	The Heritage of Lancaster County	The Heritage of Lancaster County	Drama	9.0	Journey into the fascinating world of the Amish with the three-part story of a young woman who must face her past in order to discover her future.
3531	The Heritage of Lancaster County	The Shunning	Drama	9.0	Katie Lapp is known in her Amish community for not always adhering to the strict rules of the religious township. When she discovers her parents have long kept secret the fact she was adopted and that her birth mother is trying to contact her, she brings great shame to her father by refusing to marry the town's bishop. Shunned by her community and family, Katie struggles between the only home she has known and the outside world.
3531	The Heritage of Lancaster County	The Confession	Drama	9.0	After leaving her Amish town and the only family she has ever known, Katie Lapp ventures to New York City to find her birth mother, Laura Mayfield-Bennett. Katie finds Laura but is shocked to discover an imposter claiming to be Katie Lapp is already living in Laura's home. As Katie tries to unravel the mystery, Daniel Fisher, the young man who captured Katie's heart years ago, has returned to find Katie—the one woman he ever truly loved.
3531	The Heritage of Lancaster County	The Reckoning	Drama	9.0	Katie Mayfield is now the mistress of Mayfield Manor, the estate passed down from her birth mother. In her new world she finds solace in honoring her mother's memory and in love with Justin Wirth, the Director of her foundation. Katie finds herself torn between two worlds and grieves for her plain Amish life. Unknown to Katie, Daniel Fisher, her lost love, makes a desperate attempt to find her. Does Katie choose her new life or the simple heritage she left behind? This is her great reckoning.
3532	The Man and the City	The Man and the City	Drama	none	The Man and the City stars the well-known Hollywood actor Anthony Quinn as Thomas Jefferson Alcala, the long-term Hispanic mayor of a major but unidentified city in the Southwestern United States (location shooting was done in Albuquerque, New Mexico). Quinn's WASP deputy, Andy Hays, was portrayed by Mike Farrell. Hays' main role was to make sure that the well-meaning Mayor Alcala did not become so engrossed in aiding individual constituents with their problems that he failed to address the issues facing the city as a whole.
3532	The Man and the City	Hands Of Love	Drama	none	Mayor Tom Alcala is asked to intercede on behalf of a deaf couple faced with losing their seven-year-old adopted son because of their handicap. June Lockhart guest stars.
3532	The Man and the City	100 Blank Pages	Drama	none	Mayor Alcala is given a chance to react as a man first, and a politician second, in this love story with an inevitable unhappy ending. Janice Rule is cast as a strong-willed member of the city council who opposes Mayor Alcala's proposed plans for a new water system. The two vivid personalities clash and fall in love — but there's a hitch — Miss Rule is a dying woman.
3532	The Man and the City	I Should Have Let Him Die	Drama	none	Christopher Connelly plays a young medical student and part-time city worker who comes to Mayor Alcala seeking help. The boy has performed an emergency tracheotomy on the victim of a car crash, saved the man's life, but now is being sued. Severn Darden plays the big lawyer handling the case. Henry Jones is the victim and Fay Spain plays his wife. A man named Booth, who donated a big sum into Alcala's campaign, wants the Mayor to do something about illegal workers.
3532	The Man and the City	A Very Special Girl	Drama	none	Ed Nelson guest stars with Laurie Prange. — We learn tonight that Mayor Alcala (Anthony Quinn) plays the saxophone and gets his relaxation and enjoyment playing with the school orchestra. As a result, the mayor and the school's principal develop a close friendship. Mayor Alcala's school for gifted young artists is threatened when a harpist accuses the principal of causing her pregnancy. The future of the Thomas J. Alcala School of Music and Art, founded by Mayor Alcala, is jeopardized when principal Philip Eastman is accused by young harpist Janet Fields of causing her pregnancy. Mayor Alcala, who enjoys playing saxophone with the school's youth orchestra, believes in Eastman's innocence and realizes that a scandal could cut off funds for the school for gifted youngsters. While Janet's father, Alfred Fields, orders Alcala to get rid of Eastman, the mayor begins an investigation.
3532	The Man and the City	Reprisal	Drama	none	Mayor Alcala believes in his appointee for temporary police chief, even when the man overreacts under pressure and is determined to make his job permanent by solving a cop killing.
3532	The Man and the City	Disaster on Turner Street	Drama	none	Anthony Quinn as Mayor Tom Alcala tries to find out from a contractor, played by Broderick Crawford, what really happened when a bridge under construction collapsed, killing a worker. An overpass collapses, killing a worker after Mayor Alcala insists that the city accept the low bid on a construction project.
3532	The Man and the City	The Handwriting on the Door	Drama	none	Mexican-American Mayor Tom Alcala angers militant young Chicanos in his support of Sgt. Raul Alvarez, harsh with his own people and accused of beating one of them. The episode title refers to the phrase "Senor Pig" which is scrawled on the apartment door of an over-zealous Mexican-American cop who takes it very personally when one of his own gets into trouble. The mayor becomes involved after the policeman is charged with beating two robbery suspects and his ethnic identification with the cop creates an interesting sub-plot. Guest Henry Darrow and Anthony Quinn are two strong actors who can make such a situation believable.
3532	The Man and the City	Running Scared	Drama	none	The combination of a suspenseful story plus sexy Angie Dickinson as a gangster's girlfriend on the run, bolsters this entry. Anthony Quinn's concerned mayor finds himself the chief protector of a beautiful woman who could supply necessary information to put away a big time racketeer. Angie Dickinson's hard-boiled, used-up dame is well defined and her character makes a good foil for Quinn's earthy quality.
3532	The Man and the City	The Deadly Fountain	Drama	none	Star Anthony Quinn's youngest daughter, 18-year-old Valentine, appears with him in this episode as a member of a student committee that gets involved with an aging congressman seeking the youth vote. Alcala's friend, Congressman Lawton, wants the Senatorial nomination and fearing young voters, seeks rejuvenation treatments that include amphetamine injections.
3532	The Man and the City	Run for Daylight	Drama	none	Mayor Tom Alcala persuades a black ex-football pro, sidelined into real estate, to head youth sports clinics to combat juvenile delinquency.
3532	The Man and the City	Cross-Country Man	Drama	none	Robert Foxworth is established as a good friend of Mayor Anthony Quinn. Neil Dana (Foxworth) is a man who has made money with a toy factory in the city, who treats his employees with fairness, who is generous with his money and loving to his wife (Laraine Stephens). In short, a fine citizen. But it turns out he's been a fugitive for many years and faces extradition. The show examines the questions thus brought up extremely well.
3532	The Man and the City	Pipe Me a Loving Tune	Drama	none	Mayor Tom Alcala tries to help a devoted but brain-damaged janitor keep his job at City Hall. A rift between a proud cabinetmaker and his mentally disturbed son. Guest star David McCallum (of UNCLE fame) plays a brain-damaged man faced with losing his job as janitor because he can't pass a written test for city employes. Mayor Alcala (Anthony Quinn) decides to help his loyal employee, but that doesn't work. Burgess Meredith, who plays McCallum's father, indignantly accuses Alcala of playing for publicity, but Alcala continues trying to save the Job for the janitor.
3532	The Man and the City	The Girls in Truck 7	Drama	none	The Mayor tackles the problem of illegal, cheap labor from Mexico, including a pregnant Oriental seeking a Vietnam veteran, the father of her expected child.
3532	The Man and the City	Jennifer	Drama	none	Lois Nettleton plays a deranged woman who kidnaps a baby believing the child is her own. Mayor Alcala (Anthony Quinn) becomes involved because the baby was left in the care of his secretary (Mala Powers). Nettleton, a healthy, normal secretary who one day just picks up a baby, being cared for by Marian (Mala Powers), and takes it home as her own. Seems she's normal in every area but the one involving her own baby, which died at birth, a fact she has never been able to accept. It'll hold your interest.
3532	The Man and the City	Diagnosis: Corruption	Drama	none	The last story for the series concerns a hospital which has been a life's work for Alcala (Quinn), and a newspaper story that says corruption and thievery are going on there. Is the story true? And if so, who is the thief? Charles Aidman plays Alcala's old friend, a once great surgeon now confined to a wheelchair, and the hospital administrator. Carolyn Conwell plays his devoted wife, Peter Donat is a staff doctor and Dan Travanty is the investigative newsman, who's really not a villain — another good point for the script.
3533	Time After Time	Time After Time	Drama	8.0	"Time After Time" is a drama based on the 1979 novel Time After Time by Karl Alexander. Using the 1979 novel and movie as a starting point, Time After Time will chronicle the epic adventures of young H.G. Wells and his Time Machine. In the book and and in the feature starring Malcolm McDowell, David Warner and Mary Steenburgen, H. G. Wells — the bestselling author of The Time Machine and War Of The Worlds — has invented a time machine. He shows the contraption to his friends, oblivious to the fact that one of them, surgeon Leslie John Stephenson, is in fact the infamous Jack the Ripper. When Scotland Yard detectives get on Stevenson's trail, the murderer uses the time machine to flee to the future, getting transported to 1979 San Francisco. He is quickly followed by Wells who is trying to bring him to justice.
3537	Sugarland	Sugarland	Comedy	none	Loosely based on Matt Fusfeld and Alex Cuthbertson's real-life experiences working together and the challenges that puts on their relationship, "Sugarland" centers on two friends who try and fail to keep work life and personal life separate while working for two difficult bosses.
3540	Bad News	Bad News	Comedy	none	"Bad News", is a fish-out-of-water comedy that centers on a hard-hitting and well-respected NYC news anchor who, after being fired, is forced to take a job as a human interest reporter at a fifth-rate news station in small-town Nebraska.
3542	Friends With Better Lives	Friends With Better Lives	Comedy	8.0	"Friends With Better Lives" is a romantic comedy about six friends at different stages in their lives - married, divorced, newly engaged and single - who are outwardly happy, but secretly questioning if their friends have it better. Andi (Majandra Delfino) and Bobby (Kevin Connolly) are happily married with two kids but at times long for the days they had less responsibility and more fun; Will (James Van Der Beek) is newly single and preaching the bachelor lifestyle, but still pining for his ex-wife; Jules (Brooklyn Decker) and Lowell (Rick Donald) are high on their passionate new relationship; and Kate (Zoe Lister Jones) has a successful career but may take a swan dive into the L.A. River when she finds out her last remaining single friend, Jules, just got engaged. When it comes to relationships, these six friends are finding it a challenge to look at each other without wondering... who really has the better life?
3547	Crime Watch Daily	Crime Watch Daily	Drama	none	A new one-hour program covering the most compelling aspects of the world of crime, mystery and intrigue, "CRIME WATCH DAILY" is the very first crime show to air in daytime syndication. From unsolved murders to must-see mysteries, undercover investigations and shocking crimes caught on video, the series will uncover the stories happening in small towns around America and turn them into national headlines. The key ingredients of "Mystery, Crime and Drama" will drive every episode. CRIME WATCH DAILY's network of affiliate stations will serve as an "extended newsroom," sharing resources and using local reporters to cover the stories in local markets all over the country.Acclaimed Australian crime journalist and reporter Matt Doran will serve as host of CRIME WATCH DAILY, joined by a formidable team of correspondents: Emmy® Award–winning reporters Michelle Sigona and Andrea Isom, as well as New York Times bestselling author Jason Mattera. The series, created by Extra's Lisa Gregorisch-Dempsey, will feature real-life investigations and deliver crime stories alive with mystery, intrigue and sheer human drama.
3549	Holby City	Holby City	Drama	none	Drama series about life on the wards of Holby City Hospital, following the highs and lows of the staff and patients.
3551	The Jewel in the Crown	The Jewel in the Crown	Drama	7.0	The Jewel in the Crown is a brilliant adaptation of Paul Scott's Raj Quartet. This award winning mini-series tells the epic story of men and women caught up in a struggle of race and class during the last five years of British rule in India.
3552	Criminal Justice	Criminal Justice	Drama	none	Thriller by Peter Moffat about the challenges and politics of the criminal justice system seen through the eyes of the accused.
3557	Beware the Batman	Beware the Batman	Action	none	In this new interpretation of the Batman legend, Bruce Wayne has recently returned to Gotham. With the aide of his butler and former SAS operative Alfred Pennyworth, Bruce takes on the guise of Batman and fights the villains of Gotham City. Helping him is Katana, a young martial artist who Alfred hires to assist Bruce when he realizes that he's too old to serve in the field.
3559	Bret Maverick	Bret Maverick	Action	none	In this continuation of the Maverick series, poker player and conman Brett Maverick moves to the town of Sweetwater, AZ, and tries to take up a normal life as a cattle breeder. However, Brett's past and the troubles of Sweetwater won't leave him alone, and he soon finds himself putting his skills to use to help out his fellow citizens.
3560	Bullet in the Face	Bullet in the Face	Comedy	none	In this six-episode IFC mini-series, Gunter Vogler is a sadistic hitman who gets his face shot off by a mysterious gunman. However, the police bring him back and surgically attack the face of the last cop that Gunter killed before he was shot down. Now Gunter must find out who shot him, pretend to be a policeman, and deal with a war between the two major mob bosses in the city.
3561	Cannon	Cannon	Drama	6.0	Frank Cannon isn't your typical private detective. He's overweight, likes to eat, drives expensive cars, and charges a lot of money for his services. But when you need a job done right and you don't have a big enough gun... you call Cannon.
3562	Darknet	Darknet	Fantasy	none	Darknet offers snippets of people's lives being interrupted by vivid instances of unexpected violence or shocking strangeness. Viewers become part of the Darknet, a mysterious closed network of disturbing imagery and stories that exist just under the surface of our ordered and safe society.
3564	Kolchak: The Night Stalker	Kolchak: The Night Stalker	Drama	9.0	In this one-season series based on two high-rated TV movies, Carl Kolchak is a down-and-out reporter who finds himself in Chicago. He gets a job with the Independent News Service, and finds himself investigating cases involving the supernatural and the fantastical.
3564	Kolchak: The Night Stalker	The Zombie	Drama	9.0	Carl investigates a series of brutal murders - someone is breaking mobsters' backs like twigs. All the signs point to Francois Edmonds, a young up-and-comer in the black numbers racket. The trouble is, Francois died a week before the first murder. Soon Carl realizes that someone has brought the young man back from the dead and he is murdering those who murdered him. No one likes a snoop, so soon enough Carl finds himself a target of this killer. The only way he can save his own life is to figure out how to kill a zombie, for good!
3564	Kolchak: The Night Stalker	Horror in the Heights	Drama	9.0	Roosevelt Heights has certainly seen better days. One problem the Jewish neighborhood has experienced lately is a rat infestation, which has led to several fatalities. Another is an elderly Hindu man, drawing swastikas everywhere. These two problems turn out to be connected, and the horrible truth behind the rat attacks nearly costs Carl his life, and forces him to kill the person he trusts the most!
3564	Kolchak: The Night Stalker	Chopper	Drama	9.0	A developer moves a cemetery as he prepares to build. But carelessness allows an old evil, once laid to rest, to return again: a motorcyclist with no head, resuming an old agenda of revenge for a prank gone horribly wrong. As usual, Kolchak finds himself in the middle of it, and if he's not careful he may lose his own head.
3569	David Cassidy - Man Undercover	David Cassidy - Man Undercover	Drama	none	David Cassidy is a young police officer who uses his deceptive appearance to go undercover in places where older police couldn't pass.
3570	Dirk Gently	Dirk Gently	Comedy	7.0	Dramedy series featuring writer Douglas Adams's holistic detective and conman Dirk Gently, who operates based on the fundamental interconnectedness of all things
3571	Eagleheart	Eagleheart	Comedy	none	In this parody of cop shows, Chris Elliott plays... Chris Monsanto, U.S. marshal! There's no bad guy he won't shoot, no car he won't crash. Aided by fellow officers Brett and Susie, Chris takes on the toughest of the tough.
3572	Ellery Queen	Ellery Queen	Drama	6.0	In this adaptation of the mystery novels of the authors who wrote under the pen name "Ellery Queen," 1940s amateur sleuth Ellery Queen helps his father, the chief of police, to solve baffling crimes. Each episode concludes with a "challenge to the viewers" presented by Ellery himself, asking who they think that the killer is. Ellery then gathers all the suspects and presents his case, and identifies the killer.
3573	Friday the 13th: The Series	Friday the 13th: The Series	Drama	6.0	In this syndicated series with no resemblance to the Friday the 13th movies, two cousins Ryan and Micki discover that their Uncle Lewis Vendredi sold cursed antiques for the Devil. When the uncle tries to break the pact, he was banished to Hell. Now the cousins attempt recover the antiques, each with a supernatural power that lets the user get their fondest desire... for a price. Helping them is Jack Marshak, an antique collector who worked with Lewis and was unaware of his deal with the Devil. In the third season, Ryan is written out and replaced by Johnny Ventura, a street punk whose father is killed by an antique.
3582	Serangoon Road	Serangoon Road	Drama	none	1964-65. Singapore is a city at a crossroads. Political and racial tensions are at fever pitch as the British pull out, and a new nation is about to be born. The lights of Bugis Street have never burned so bright: bootleg copies of Motown songs boom out from street stalls; the Rolling Stones are in town along with tourists and American sailors fresh from Vietnam. They join British and Australian soldiers checking out the prostitutes and gambling dens en route to their own war in Borneo.This is the city of Sam Callaghan, Patricia Cheng, the CIA's Conrad Harrison and the clients of the Cheng Detective Agency. The agency's cases range from the usual (straying spouses and petty fraudsters) to events with international implications and complications. Sam's contacts from his military days are useful - but they start to drag him back into a dark world that he would prefer to leave behind.
3582	Serangoon Road	Shotgun	Drama	none	When the Cheng Detective Agency is hired by the CIA to investigate the murder of a US sailor, Sam is asked to help out as a favour to the widowed owner, Patricia. But as Sam tries to save the life of an innocent man, he is forced to revisit memories of killing a childhood friend during the second World war.
3582	Serangoon Road	Reach Out	Drama	none	Forced to flee to China during the Japanese occupation, Feng returns to Singapore looking for her husband whom she has not seen since the war. No one is certain that he was still alive, yet Sam and Patricia, both of whom know what it is like to lose loved ones agree to help solve this mystery of Feng's husband. The case then gets more convoluted when Feng is mysteriously poisoned.
3582	Serangoon Road	Ball of Confusion	Drama	none	While delivering some photographs to a client, Patricia gets hurt when caught up in a major riot sweeping through the streets of Singapore. She is taken to safety by a photo journalist named Hafiz. After realizing that her photographs were stolen, it dawns on her that this was a deliberate attack. Soon after, Hafiz is accused of being involved with the riots, and Patricia and Sam work to prove his innocence. The trail leads them to a secret MI6/Special Branch operation against subversives.
3582	Serangoon Road	Give Me Money	Drama	none	While trying to sort out Kang's gambling debts, Sam is reluctantly drawn into the detective agency's investigation of whether Claire Simpson's husband, Frank, has been accepting kickbacks from clients. If the allegation is proven to be true, Frank's boss, Maxwell Black, will kick Frank out of the company and Singapore, separating and Sam and Claire forever.
3582	Serangoon Road	Heatwave	Drama	none	When Claire discovers that the medicine by Maxwell Black's company to children at a small village hospital is not working, she insists that the company investigate the problem. Sam somehow manages to prove that the genuine drugs are being diluted. He also goes on to find out that families will eventually turn to expensive black market substitutes when they realize the ineffectiveness of the hospital medicine. Further investigations help Sam to recognize that this is all part of an elaborate scam run by the Secret Society.
3582	Serangoon Road	Tracks of My Tears	Drama	none	When a newborn baby is left on the doorstep of the Cheng Detective Agency, Patricia and Sam try to figure out what they are to do with him. Patricia also receives a package containing Winston's fob watch, which was believed to be stolen when he was murdered. Meanwhile, Su Ling confronts her fear and desire over her relationship with Conrad, and Kang strikes a deal with the Devil.
3582	Serangoon Road	My Girl	Drama	none	Caught transporting explosives, Kang will face the gallows if Sam is unable to track down the truth about Lim Chee Kit, a leading trade unionist whose organization is suspected of being involved in a recent bombing. The case is further convoluted because Chee Kit's brother, James, is a well-connected businessman with political aspirations. Although he disagrees with Chee Kit's politics, James hires Sam and the agency to find and help his estranged brother before the police arrest him.
3582	Serangoon Road	Episode 8	Drama	none	Sam agrees to investigate on the disappearance of two Australian girls from a freighter at the Singapore harbour. The investigation leads him into Singapore's criminal underworld and Sam gets involved in a dangerous game that could cost the girls their lives. Meanwhile, Patricia is confronted by a painful truth of Winston's past. Miller forces Conrad into going double, while Sam and Claire's relationship gets pushed to a breaking point.
3582	Serangoon Road	Episode 9	Drama	none	When Sam goes out on a limb for an ex-World War II Australian soldier who had been accused of murder, no one understands why he is so adamant on the man's innocence - least of all Macca, who had been in love with the girl who was murdered. Either gaol the accused man for life or Sam has just made a very big mistake about his hero and friend.
3582	Serangoon Road	Episode 10	Drama	none	Sam is on the brink of discovering the truth behind the murder of Patricia's husband - a murder that involves a secret deal between James Lim, Kay Song and the CIA. But is he obsessed with solving this case in order to avoid facing the fact that he might lose Claire forever?
3584	Good vs Evil	Good vs Evil	Comedy	7.0	A reporter, Chandler Smythe discovers that there are secret demons--Morlocks--among us. He's recruited by a heavenly institution, the Corps, to kill Morlocks and save their victims, who trade away their souls to get their heart's desires. Teaming up with Chandler is Henry McNeil, a man who has been with the Corps since the 70s. Together, Chandler and Heavenly kick Hell's butt and save sinners.
3585	Green Lantern: The Animated Series	Green Lantern: The Animated Series	Action	4.0	In this animated CGI adaptation of the comic book hero, Hal Jordan is recruited to go on a long-term space mission to deal with the outbreak of the Red Lantern Corps. Just like the Green Lanterns are fueled by will, the Red Lanterns rely on hate for their powers. The two forces will clash in a battle of power rings and meet a few allies along the way.
3586	H.G. Wells' Invisible Man	H.G. Wells' Invisible Man	Science-Fiction	none	British scientist Peter Brady discovers the secret of invisibility, and is inadvertently rendered unseeable. After a brief period of secrecy, his new nature is revealed to the public and he becomes a celebrity of sorts, while traveling the world fighting crime and dealing with enemy agents, dictatorships, and saboteurs.
3587	Herman's Head	Herman's Head	Comedy	none	Herman Brooks is a fact-checker at a publishing firm. What no one, even Herman himself, knows is that the voices in his head are real. Each one represents a different aspect of his personality: Angel, Animal, Wimp, and Genius. Together they try to get Herman through his day-to-day life.
3588	Joan of Arcadia	Joan of Arcadia	Drama	7.0	Joan Girardi is an average teenager living in the town of Arcadia. However, she soon discovers that she's much more when another teenager comes up to her and says that he's God. God continues to appear to Joan, each time wearing a different body, and has different missions for Joan to undertake.
3603	Vinyl	Vinyl	Drama	none	From Martin Scorsese, Mick Jagger and Terence Winter, this new drama series is set in 1970s New York. A ride through the sex- and drug-addled music business at the dawn of punk, disco, and hip-hop, the show is seen through the eyes of a record label president, Richie Finestra, played by Bobby Cannavale, who is trying to save his company and his soul without destroying everyone in his path.
3604	The Devil You Know	The Devil You Know	Drama	none	A drama set in 17th century New England during the infamous Salem Witch Trials.
3605	Vice Principals	Vice Principals	Comedy	none	Vice Principals tells the story of a high school and the people who almost run it, the vice principals.
3610	10 Million Dollar Bigfoot Bounty	10 Million Dollar Bigfoot Bounty	Adventure	none	Spike TV is raising the stakes in the endless quest to discover the truth about the legendary creature known as Bigfoot, the seemingly mythical being that roams forests of the world, avoiding mankind. The network is announcing a new one-hour reality show, 10 Million Dollar Bigfoot Bounty, featuring ambitious teams of explorers on a brazen exhibition to unearth real evidence of Bigfoot's existence. The $10 million in cash, underwritten by Lloyd's of London, would be one of the largest cash prizes in television history.
3610	10 Million Dollar Bigfoot Bounty	Bigfoot's Blood	Adventure	none	Host Dean Cain & 9 elite teams of Bigfoot hunters embark on the most ambitious search ever undertaken - a hunt for definitive proof of Bigfoot that could alter the course of science. The reward? An unprecedented $10 million.
3610	10 Million Dollar Bigfoot Bounty	Big Footage	Adventure	none	As the 8 remaining Bigfoot hunting teams hunt for proof of Sasquatch in a 20,000 acre fire-scorched forest, the rift between the hunters & the "Squatchers" fractures the expedition & two sets of teammates nearly come to blows.
3610	10 Million Dollar Bigfoot Bounty	Trapping Bigfoot	Adventure	none	As the seven teams left scour Brooks Memorial Park in search of proof of Bigfoot one has a riveting Bigfoot encounter while another is rushed to a hospital after a devastating injury.
3610	10 Million Dollar Bigfoot Bounty	Bugging Bigfoot	Adventure	none	After the six remaining teams continue their quest to find Bigfoot DNA by catching blood-sucking insects, they hunt for Sasquatch at a remote lake, where one team uses another as bait.
3610	10 Million Dollar Bigfoot Bounty	Spelunking for Sasquatch	Adventure	none	The 5 teams left search for Sasquatch by rappelling into remote caverns at the base of Mt St. Helens. They find a mysterious "apex predator kill zone" that one team believes is where Bigfoot slaughters his prey.
3610	10 Million Dollar Bigfoot Bounty	Big Footprints	Adventure	none	The final 4 Bigfoot hunting teams track Sasquatch to Northern California where they search in the 1 million acre Six Rivers National Forest. A team captures a video they insist contains the $10 million image of proof.
3610	10 Million Dollar Bigfoot Bounty	Bigfoot Ground Zero	Adventure	none	The three semi-finalists search for Sasquatch by navigating a river filled with Class III rapids, and then head for Bigfoot "Ground Zero" - Bluff Creek, California where the 1967 Patterson-Gimlin Film was shot.
3610	10 Million Dollar Bigfoot Bounty	36 Hours of Hell	Adventure	none	The final 2 teams undertake a 36hr hunt at Lake Superior and use a baby covered in cow blood to lure Bigfoot out of hiding. The finalists face off against the judges & eliminated teams to see who deserves the $10 million bounty.
3614	Lawman	Lawman	Drama	none	Marshal Dan Troop keeps law in the Old West town of Laramie. Helping him is his loyal deputy, Johnny McKay, and the local saloon owner, Lily Merrill.
3615	Legion of Super Heroes	Legion of Super Heroes	Children	none	In this TV cartoon adaptation of the popular DC Comics comic book series, Superboy travels from the 21st century to the 31st, where he joins forces with teenage heroes from different planets and possessing different super-powers. This "Legion of Super Heroes" fights galaxy-threatening menaces like Mordru, the Sun-Eater, and deal with the issues in their personal lives.
3616	Matrix	Matrix	Drama	none	Steven Matrix is a freelance hitman who will kill anyone for a price. But when another assassin puts a bullet through his head, Matrix finds himself waiting to enter the Other Place for his sins. However, an elderly man sees something in Matrix and sends him back to Earth. Now Matrix must redeem his sins by using his formerly murderous skills to help others. Helping him are representatives of the City In Between, who can appear as anything from skateboarders to nuns to accountants.
3617	Maverick	Maverick	Action	7.5	In this light-hearted Western, brothers Bart and Bret Maverick are descended from a long line of poker players and conmen. Together or separately, they travel the Old West looking to make money without totally compromising their... rather loose scruples. Later, their English cousin Beau arrives in England. The series mostly alternates between the adventures of Bart and Brett, with Beau taking Bret's place when series star James Garner left over a contract dispute. A third brother, Brent, was briefly seen in the fourth season. Sometimes Bart and Bret will join forces to con a particularly difficult mark, or find themselves at odds over an attractive woman.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Drama	none	The Kids of Degrassi Street stars many characters that all went to the same school, right next to the Degrassi Grocery. Everyone knew everyone in the little town, this show dealt with many issues in teen and pre-teen life. The show was filmed in 1979-1985 around Degrassi Street and Queen Street East in Toronto, Canada.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Ida Makes a Movie	Drama	none	When Ida's movie on garbage wins first prize in a competition, but the judges commend her film on war, she has to decide between accepting the prize, and owning up to the truth.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Cookie Goes to the Hospital	Drama	none	When Cookie goes to hospital without her doll, Ida and Noel, having sworn a pledge of loyalty, have to get it out to her somehow, but the hospital is a pretty scary place.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Irene Moves In	Drama	none	When Irene comes to live on Degrassi Street, Ida thinks she is just a little too friendly with Cookie. But Irene is not the only newcomer to Degrassi Street. Reports are circulating that Bigfoot has been seen in the neighborhood.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Noel Buys a Suit	Drama	none	When Noel's dad decides to get married again, Noel is not so sure he likes the idea. Gayle is ruining everything, changing the house around, and she does not like the terrific checked suit Noel has bought for the wedding.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Lisa Makes the Headlines	Drama	none	What Lisa needs to make her newspaper is a real scoop. But when she does find some real news, she has to decide which is more important - the truth or family loyalty.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Sophie Minds the Store	Drama	none	Sophie gets Chuck to help her out at her parents' store, but the cash is out by $20 at the end of the day. Chuck's father is in jail, so it appears that it must be like father, like son.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Casey Draws the Line	Drama	none	When a new survey line goes through the pen of the rabbit Casey and Lisa share, too much arguing over rights makes them lose sight of their responsibilities - to look after Rabbit.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Pete Takes a Chance	Drama	none	Pete always has his eye out for a money-making proposition, and he knows he has found a winner, but he just needs a little capital. However, his "investment" costs him more than he expected, when he puts his friendships on the line
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Chuck Makes a Choice	Drama	none	Chuck has told Tina his dad is a pilot, but Pete insists on inviting their father to the school play. How can he hide the fact that his father's actually finishing up his time behind bars, except by un-inviting him?
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Billy Breaks the Chain	Drama	none	Billy knows it will not be luck that sends him to hockey camp, it will be his own hard work. Then a bad-luck chain letter comes to him, and while he hesitates about passing on the bad luck, disasters begin to occur.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Catharine Finds Her Balance	Drama	none	When both divorced parents want to come and watch her at the gymnastics meet, Catharine gets involved in some fancy footwork to prevent them from making a scene in front of the whole school.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Benjamin Walks the Dog	Drama	none	Billy and Pete want to do grown up things, without Billy's pesky little brother, Benjamin. They finally get rid of him, but Billy has second thoughts when it looks like they might have gotten rid of him forever.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Liz Sits the Schlegels	Drama	none	Liz finds she has her hands full when she takes on a babysitting job with two lively kids, and one who refuses to have anything to do with her.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	The Canards Move Out	Drama	none	Lisa simply does not want to leave Degrassi Street and move to Vancouver, but it seems no one will listen to her feelings on the subject. In fact, her feelings are so strong she is having trouble listening to anyone else's.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Martin Meets the Pirates	Drama	none	Martin cannot believe the Pirates from Boulton Ave. want him as area lieutenant for their expansion to Degrassi Street - they are the toughest gang around. But he is not sure that he is that tough.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Connie Goes to Court	Drama	none	When Connie returns five dollars Casey has dropped on the floor, Casey thinks Connie is contributing her share for the present for their teacher, and does not pay attention to Connie's explanations. Connie is not worried - she will be collecting for her paper route on Wednesday, anyway, and she can pay up then. But the paper goes on strike, and Connie finds herself in more trouble than she thought.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Griff Makes a Date	Drama	none	No one really likes Griff - after all, he used to be a Pirate - but it does not matter much to him, until he meets Lisa, just back from Vancouver.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Samantha Gets a Visitor	Drama	none	Samantha cannot wait for her city slicker cousin, Lisa, to arrive for the weekend. She is so sophisticated now she just knows that Lisa will be impressed.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Rachel Runs for Office	Drama	none	Rachel is very keen to be her school's representative to the new City Hall Youth Council. She is interested in the issues and is ready to work hard. But Billy's break dancing and Pete's campaign management have put Billy well in the lead.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Jeffrey Finds a Friend	Drama	none	Jeffrey is supposed to be the smartest kid in the class, and he is mortified when Connie, who claims she never studies, beats him on a math test - in fact, she bets that she can beat him on the next one too.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Connie Makes a Catch	Drama	none	Connie has her eye on Candy, the popular captain of the baseball team, but he does not even know she exists. She would do anything to catch his eye, and everyone has advice to offer, but being a "lady" is tough for a tomboy like Connie who would rather be playing baseball.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Karen Keeps Her Word	Drama	none	Money is on everyone's mind as the yearbook is in desperate financial straits. But Karen is not remotely interested in the yearbook's problems, or in the class voting itself a nuclear- free zone. She has found a pair of roller skates that are destined for her feet - all she needs now is the money to buy them.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Ryan Runs for Help	Drama	none	Ryan is always making up stories and it is hard to know when he is telling the truth. But his best friend Benjamin is convinced of Ryan's tales of treasure when Ryan produces evidence - he actually has a gold coin he found. Even though he is grounded, Benjamin sneaks out to a construction site to investigate with Ryan, and ends up falling down a hole and cannot get out.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Martin Hears the Music	Drama	none	Nobody wants to be different from everyone else and Martin is horrified to discover that he is going to have to wear a hearing aid. It certainly does not help that everybody starts acting so weird around him.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Lisa Gets the Picture	Drama	none	The Yearbook needs pictures. Lisa sees her chance to spend some time with Griff when Casey comes up with a brilliant plan - Griff can draw caricatures of everyone.
3618	The Kids of Degrassi Street	Griff Gets a Hand	Drama	none	Griff is having trouble with schoolwork. He would rather be drawing pictures than studying and when his friend Danny, the crossing guard, asks for a caricature of himself, Griff is determined to make it his best ever. Danny suddenly dies of a stroke, and Griff just cannot stand that he did not finish the caricature in time.
3619	Misfits of Science	Misfits of Science	Action	none	In this short-run series, doctors Billy Hayes and Elvin "El" Lincoln run a scientific think tank dedicated to studying the strange and the unusual mutations in the human body. The overly tall El develops a way to shrink himself to six inches, and the scientists recruit rocker "Johnny B" Bukowski (who can absorb and fire electricity) and young runaway Gloria Dinallo (a telekinetic) to help them. Together, the four of them go on wacky adventures, fight spies, and capture crooks.
3620	Mission: Impossible	Mission: Impossible	Action	7.0	The IMF is a top-secret branch of the U.S. government that takes on missions deemed "impossible" by all other agencies. Each of the team members can be disavowed if necessary. Leading the team is first Daniel Briggs, and then Jim Phelps. Each week they recruit a team of specialists to accomplish the mission, whether it's break into an impenetrable safe, or bring a fugitive to justice, or simply deal with mobsters who are beyond the reach of conventional law enforcement.
3621	Mission: Impossible	Mission: Impossible	Action	7.5	In this sequel to the original 1960s series, IMF agent Jim Phelps comes out of retirement when a protégé is killed. He creates a new team of agents, and decides to stick around after his protégé is avenged. Jim and his team take on "impossible missions" for the government, dealing with spies and criminals that normal agencies can't touch.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Degrassi Junior High	Drama	none	Hailed as "groundbreaking," "powerful," and "totally authentic," Degrassi Junior High confronts it all — friendship, puberty, rumours, sports, studies, and more — with a refreshing ensemble cast and a unique teen's-eye-view of life. Sometimes moving, sometimes shocking, but always believable, Degrassi Junior High is a classic for teens of all ages.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Kiss Me, Steph	Drama	none	Voula is aghast when her best friend, Stephanie, begins campaigning for president with kisses and wild promises. Meanwhile, Stephanie's kid brother, Arthur, joins forces with Yick to avoid Joey's bullying.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	The Big Dance	Drama	none	Voula disagrees with her father that she is too young to go to the dance and slips out anyway. Her plan goes awry when she is asked to make the speech that Stephanie, the school president, is too drunk to make.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	The Experiments	Drama	none	Yick, convinced Mr. Raditch is picking on him, sets up an experiment, handing in as his own an old paper of Stephanie's. Joey finds himself in hot water when Kathleen and Melanie find out the drugs he has sold them are vitamin pills.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	The Cover-Up	Drama	none	Joey inadvertently helps his friend Rick when he discovers that Rick's dad beats him.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	The Great Race	Drama	none	The girls from the swim team challenge the boys on the soccer team to a swimming competition.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Rumor Has It	Drama	none	Many of Ms. Avery's students think that she is a lesbian. Caitlin insists that her teacher isn't gay. After dreaming that her classmates think that she is also gay, Caitlin begins to feel self-conscious at school.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	The Best Laid Plans	Drama	none	Arthur plans to show Yick a pornographic video when his mother goes out on Friday night. Meanwhile his sister Stephanie makes plans to sleep with Wheels that same night.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Nothing to Fear	Drama	none	L.D. has trouble dealing with her father's hospitalization, which elicits painful memories of her mother's death; a search party is organized for the school snake.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	What a Night!	Drama	none	Lucy and Voula get picked up for shoplifting.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Smokescreen	Drama	none	Rick joins the environmental action committee to impress Caitlin. Meanwhile, Yick would rather make up a family history for a project than tell the class he is a Laotian refugee.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	It's Late	Drama	none	Spike, who is only 14, suspects she is pregnant; Arthur gives Yick romantic counseling.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Parents' Night	Drama	none	Wheels is surprised by a visit from his birth father and has to deal with his feelings about being adopted. Meanwhile, 14-year-old Spike, who is pregnant, asks Wheels how it feels to be adopted.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Revolution	Drama	none	When Wheels doesn't want to go on a date with Stephanie she tries to make him jealous by going out with Joey. Meanwhile, the 7th Graders don't like that Stephanie has given Joey a 7th Grade job.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Eggbert	Drama	none	Shane is afraid to tell his parents he's the father of Spike's baby. Meanwhile, Spike learns about responsibility when she volunteers to "mother" an egg for two weeks.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	A Helping Hand...	Drama	none	Lucy is pleased when a substitute teacher gives her special attention and is unable to see his real intentions.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Great Expectations	Drama	none	Joey sets his sights on Liz, a new girl with a wild haircut and new-wave clothes, which give her a reputation for promiscuity. Meanwhile, Arthur is confused after having wet dreams.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Dinner & a Show	Drama	none	Shane's parents are upset and embarrassed that he is the father of Spike's baby. Nevertheless, they invite Spike and her mother to dinner so everyone can meet and talk. Meanwhile, Melanie is caught in a lie by Yick.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Stage Fright	Drama	none	Caitlin is diagnosed as having epilepsy and her embarrassment complicates things. Meanwhile, shy Michelle fears giving a class speech.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Fight!	Drama	none	Joey is challenged to a fight by Dwayne; and Stephanie's efforts to attract Simon.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Bottled Up	Drama	none	Kathleen tries to hide from her classmates that her mother is an alcoholic. Max and Scooter decide to shed their nerd image.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Sealed with a Kiss	Drama	none	Erica claims to be more mature than her twin Heather. Erica then has a romantic encounter with a high-school boy but it all goes wrong.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Dog Days	Drama	none	Stephanie goes into a deep depression and Arthur gets attached to a dog he found, which he named Phil.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Censored	Drama	none	When parents call for Spike's removal from school because of her pregnancy, Caitlin publishes a protest.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Trust Me	Drama	none	The unexpected happens when Joey and Wheels spend the night at Snake's; and Spike is told she must finish the semester at home.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	...He's Back	Drama	none	The teacher who sexually harassed Lucy returns to Degrassi and sets his sights on an unwary Susie.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Pass Tense	Drama	none	As the semester ends, Joey learns he's being left back, which dampens his enthusiasm for the band's concert debut. Spike goes into labour.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Can't Live with 'Em: Part 1	Drama	none	As the new school year begins, Wheels receives some tragic news; eighth-graders Arthur and Yick conspire to make life miserable for a new seventh-grader.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Can't Live with 'Em: Part 2	Drama	none	After hearing about the accident, no one knows what to say to Wheels, especially best friend Snake. Meanwhile, Lucy begins to neglect L.D. for her new boyfriend.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	A Big Girl Now	Drama	none	Lucy begins spending more time with Paul at the expense of her friends; and Kathleen snubs Melanie after being elected vice-president.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Season's Greetings	Drama	none	Memories of their strong friendship help the feuding Arthur and Yick patch things up. Shane gets to hold his daughter, Emma, when she has to come to school with Spike.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Loves Me, Loves Me Not	Drama	none	As a school dance approaches, Caitlin's crush on Joey intensifies; Dorothy falls for Yick; and shy Michelle reveals her interest in BLT to the wrong person.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	He Ain't Heavy...	Drama	none	Snake's older brother comes home and reveals that he is gay, which Snake finds difficult to accept. Joey takes a job as a janitor at CRAZ radio in an attempt to get his band discovered.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	The Whole Truth	Drama	none	Caitlin learns a lesson in balanced journalism when she writes an article on animal rights; and Joey tries to get his demo tape heard at a radio station.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Star-Crossed	Drama	none	Erica trades identities with her twin sister to pursue a boy; Alexa and Simon reconcile.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Food for Thought	Drama	none	Kathleen shows signs of a dangerous eating disorder when pressures mount at home and school.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Twenty Bucks	Drama	none	Melanie, determined to go on a date with Snake, commits a desperate act. Shane claims he can't make a child-support payment.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Taking Off: Part 1	Drama	none	A card from his biological father and fighting with his grandmother leads Wheels to a decision. Shane is introduced to hard drugs.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Taking Off: Part 2	Drama	none	Shane fails to return home from the concert; Wheels' reunion with his musician-father isn't exactly harmonious.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Making Whoopee	Drama	none	Arthur begins to resent his father's girlfriend; Melanie has new competition for Snake's affections; and Luke tries to deal with his guilt over Shane's accident.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Black and White	Drama	none	Michelle and BLT learn about prejudice after deciding to attend a graduation dance together.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Pa-arty!	Drama	none	Trouble is brewing for Lucy, whose new love interest is a problem drinker; and Joey, who says he'll buy beer for a party.
3622	Degrassi Junior High	Bye-Bye Junior High	Drama	none	Degrassi burns down, as for the last dance at Degrassi.
3623	Wallander	Wallander	Drama	none	A troubled detective, who lives and works in Ystad near the southern tip of Sweden.
3624	Degrassi High	Degrassi High	Drama	none	The young denizens of Degrassi Street in Toronto, Canada, have graduated from two television series, The Kids of Degrassi Street and Degrassi Junior High. Degrassi High confronts life as teenage high school students during the heady, late 1980s. This sometimes-controversial series confronts serious issues (adolescent pregnancy, AIDS, suicide) in a head-on way.
3624	Degrassi High	A New Start: Part 1	Drama	none	Erica has missed her period and fears she may be pregnant.
3624	Degrassi High	A New Start: Part 2	Drama	none	Erica decides to keep the pregnancy a secret, only telling Heather about it. She also decides to have an abortion; Heather disapproves of this, and this difference could tear the twins apart.
3624	Degrassi High	Breaking Up Is Hard to Do	Drama	none	Michelle discovers the complicated nature of divorce when her parents decide to go their separate ways.
3624	Degrassi High	Dream On	Drama	none	Arthur has a crush on Caitlin.
3624	Degrassi High	Everybody Wants Something	Drama	none	A hate campaign against Erica escalates, and Erica is determined to find out who is putting pro-life pamphlets and slogans on her locker. Caitlin becomes interested in drama student, Claude.
3624	Degrassi High	Nobody's Perfect	Drama	none	Kathleen's new boyfriend begins to abuse her physically. Meanwhile, Spike decides to give another try at dating.
3624	Degrassi High	Just Friends	Drama	none	Heather has a crush on Wheels, and plans a party so that she'll have a chance to get closer to him. Meanwhile, LD is hospitalized.
3624	Degrassi High	Little White Lies	Drama	none	Diana is determined to grow up, and sneaks out to a party. Meanwhile Joey, Snake, and Wheels decide it's time they expanded their horizons a little and attend a strip show.
3624	Degrassi High	Sixteen: Part 1	Drama	none	Michelle finds her father impossible to live with, but now that she's sixteen she can legally move out. Meanwhile Joey and Snake are excited about starting driving lessons.
3624	Degrassi High	Sixteen: Part 2	Drama	none	Michelle solves her money problems by getting a job at a donut place. But now, new problems arise including long working hours and not having any time for her friends. Joey and Snake take their driving test.
3624	Degrassi High	All in a Good Cause	Drama	none	Caitlin and Claude want to do something to protest against a factory involved in nuclear missiles. Meanwhile Kathleen is stalked by her abusive ex-boyfriend Scott.
3624	Degrassi High	Natural Attraction	Drama	none	When Erica starts seeing a new boy, it frightens Heather. One abortion was bad enough, but what if she goes too far again?
3624	Degrassi High	Testing One, Two, Three...	Drama	none	Joey is diagnosed with dysgraphia a learning disability.
3624	Degrassi High	It Creeps!!	Drama	none	Lucy becomes director and writer of her first film: a feminist horror flick starring the Zits, Simon, and Caitlin, with Alexa, Tim, and Heather as crew.
3624	Degrassi High	Stressed Out	Drama	none	Michelle starts taking caffeine pills to extend her study time. Meanwhile Caitlin is devastated when Ms Avery announces she is leaving Degrassi.
3624	Degrassi High	Bad Blood: Part 1	Drama	none	Dwayne receives a frightening phone call from his summer girlfriend. Meanwhile B.L.T. has trouble breaking up with Michelle.
3624	Degrassi High	Bad Blood: Part 2	Drama	none	Dwayne becomes increasingly withdrawn as he awaits the results of his HIV test. Meanwhile, Michelle finds out the real reason B.L.T. broke up with her.
3624	Degrassi High	Loyalties	Drama	none	Caitlin discovers her father is seeing another woman. Meanwhile, Snake takes a romantic interest in Michelle.
3624	Degrassi High	A Tangled Web	Drama	none	Caitlin becomes increasingly upset about her father's infidelity, but discovers that her mother already knows about it. Alex doesn't know what to do about his crush on Tessa. Wheels gets kicked out of the house by his grandmother.
3624	Degrassi High	Body Politics	Drama	none	Lucy takes a stand on behalf of the girl's volleyball team.
3624	Degrassi High	Crossed Wires	Drama	none	Liz begins to have repressed memories of being sexually abused as a child.
3624	Degrassi High	The All-Nighter	Drama	none	Melanie's surprise sleepover promises to hold more than one surprise when Kathleen finds some marijuana.
3624	Degrassi High	Home Sweet Home	Drama	none	Wheels wears out his welcome at Joey's house when he steals money from Mrs. Jeremiah. Meanwhile, Michelle considers moving back in with her father.
3624	Degrassi High	Extracurricular Activities	Drama	none	Lucy, Heather and Erica hear the rumor that their favorite band, The Savages, are making a rock video at the school.
3624	Degrassi High	Showtime: Part 1	Drama	none	The whole school is thrown into turmoil when a student commits suicide at school – especially Caitlin, since the student is her ex-boyfriend, Claude.
3624	Degrassi High	Showtime: Part 2	Drama	none	Life begins to go on at Degrassi, but should they go through with Talent Night? Meanwhile, Caitlin begins to have nightmares about Claude's suicide.
3624	Degrassi High	Three's a Crowd	Drama	none	Spike invites Snake to the graduation formal, but then Michelle – whom he'd really rather go with – invites him. What's a guy to do?
3624	Degrassi High	One Last Dance	Drama	none	The year's last dance takes on new significance when the news comes out. It's not just the year's last dance. It's Degrassi's last dance.
3627	De Lama's	De Lama's	Comedy	8.0	An Improvisation Comedy group performing impressive, and overall hilarious impressions, parodies and improvisation comedy, often using random artifacts to act out situations.
3628	Degrassi	Degrassi	Drama	none	Degrassi is a Canadian teen drama television series, set in the fictional universe created by Linda Schuyler and Kit Hood in 1980. It is the fourth fictional series in the franchise, following The Kids of Degrassi Street, Degrassi Junior High, and Degrassi High. Like its predecessors, the show follows a group of students attending Degrassi Community School who face challenges common to teen life, such as self image, peer pressure, child abuse, sexual identity, gang violence, self-injury, school shootings, teenage pregnancy and drug abuse.
3628	Degrassi	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Drama	none	Clare tells Alli and Jenna that she's pregnant. Zoe sees red when Becky tells her she's a distraction for the team.
3628	Degrassi	Wise Up	Drama	none	Drew's not taking the easy way out - he's going to be part of his child's life, whether Clare wants it or not. Zoe is over being judged by everyone and when she senses this from Zig, it's time for her to make a hard decision.
3628	Degrassi	If You Could Only See	Drama	none	Frankie thinks it's unfair that girls are expected to show their bodies to men with nothing in return. This gives Zoe a fundraising idea.
3628	Degrassi	Can't Stop This Thing We Started	Drama	none	Clare has to muster up the courage to tell Eli about her situation.
3628	Degrassi	There's Your Trouble	Drama	none	Becky visits her brother in juvenile detention, but she can't bring herself to forgive him.
3628	Degrassi	(You Drive Me) Crazy	Drama	none	Maya can't sleep because of her Cam/Miles nightmares. Jack reveals to Imogen that she practices polyamory.
3628	Degrassi	I'll Be Missing You	Drama	none	Zoe receives threatening texts from an unknown number about her fundraising activities.
3628	Degrassi	Hush	Drama	none	Tristan organizes an intervention for Miles, but it only pushes him further away.
3628	Degrassi	Something's Got to Give	Drama	none	Drew is committed to keeping Becky happy but his situation with Clare has his attention divided.
3628	Degrassi	Hero vs. Villain	Drama	none	Mr. Simpson calls an assembly to address the offensive fundraising website.
3628	Degrassi	Firestarter: Part 1	Drama	none	Degrassi's fundraising scandal threatens to ruin Frankie's relationship with her father and Clare contemplates her future and is confident that she can really have it all.
3628	Degrassi	Firestarter: Part 2	Drama	none	Mr. Hollingsworth's campaign is in its final stretch, and the stress has him even more tense than usual.
3628	Degrassi	Watch Out Now	Drama	none	Degrassi is now in the hands of a new, strict Administrator which means new, strict rules.
3628	Degrassi	Ready or Not	Drama	none	Winston is set to play the lead in his musical but is not pleased that Lola could star opposite him. Clare and Eli's lives keep intersecting. Should they stop fighting it?
3628	Degrassi	Wishlist	Drama	none	It's Frankie's birthday, and she's going to celebrate it, Hollingsworth style - with a Gatsby party!
3628	Degrassi	Walking in My Shoes	Drama	none	The entire school hates Zoe after her wild fundraising plans went awry. To get them back on her side, she naturally hatches another risky plan.
3628	Degrassi	Get It Together	Drama	none	Becky has feelings for Jonah, but she isn't sure what to do with them. Maya hopes gym class will boost her average, but it turns out to be more difficult than she thought.
3628	Degrassi	Give Me One Reason	Drama	none	Maya knows the house rules, but she can't stop thinking about Zig. She wants to keep her promise to her mom, but the feelings are hard to ignore. Is she really okay with staying platonic?
3628	Degrassi	I Wanna Be Adored	Drama	none	Prom is fast approaching, but Clare is MIA from committee meetings. Zig moves in with Tiny and is finding it hard to adjust. Tristan's trying online dating, but his profile isn't bringing in the hotties.
3628	Degrassi	Teen Age Riot	Drama	none	Maya wants to visit Zig at his new place, but Zig is hesitant. Vince and Tiny aren't exactly choir boys. With the sort of things his housemates are involved in, who knows what could happen?
3628	Degrassi	The Kids Aren't Alright: Part 1	Drama	none	Zig learns the truth behind some recent events, and now he's an accomplice to a crime. Becky is happy with Jonah, but Drew isn't having it.
3628	Degrassi	The Kids Aren't Alright: Part 2	Drama	none	Zig is in a tough situation, and it's tearing him up inside. Becky has been waving off Drew's accusations towards Jonah, she's starting to get suspicious.
3628	Degrassi	Finally: Part 1	Drama	none	It's prom time at Degrassi! Excitement is in the air, but Drew is facing a night to be remembered for all the wrong reasons.
3628	Degrassi	Finally: Part 2	Drama	none	Imogen has managed to win Jack back, but her happiness is fleeting. Clare is still unsure of her future plans, including where she stands with Eli.
3630	Behind Enemy Lines	Behind Enemy Lines	Drama	none	Behind Enemy Lines is a high-octane military thriller about an American flight crew that is shot down while on a secret mission over the jungles of Latin America, their commanding officer aboard an aircraft carrier fighting to bring them home, and a female CIA officer in Washington who stumbles into a sprawling conspiracy that unites them all.
3631	The Notebook	The Notebook	Drama	none	"The Notebook" is a drama based on the Nicholas Sparks novel-turned-feature about the romantic journey of the two beloved central characters Noah and Allie, at the outset of their blossoming relationship as they build their lives and their future together against the backdrop of the racial politics, economic inequities, and social mores of post-World War II of the late 1940s in North Carolina.
3632	Hart To Hart	Hart To Hart	Drama	none	The new "Hart To Hart" is described as a modern and sexy retelling of the classic series that focuses on "by the book" attorney Jonathan Hart and free-spirited investigator Dan Hartman, who must balance the two sides of their life: action-packed crime-solving in the midst of newly found domesticity.
3633	Dream High	Dream High	Drama	none	Dream High takes place at Kirin High School of Art and follows the lives of students as they aspire to become superstars.
3635	Princess Hours	Princess Hours	Drama	none	In an imaginary world, modern-day Korea is run by a constitutional monarchy facing crumbling popularity after the recent death of the reigning King. To try to help the situation, the Royal Family decides to marry off the Crown Prince, Lee Shin, prior to his ascension to the throne. To their horror, however, they discover that the dead King's father, Shin's grandfather, had a pact with a commoner that their grandchildren would marry.Enter headstrong, klutzy, Shin Chae Kyung, an average girl who is now suddenly engaged to the country's Crown Prince. Prince Shin has no intention of making things easy for his commoner fiancée, however, especially since he's got his eye on someone else. Chae Kyung soon finds her work cut out for her in adapting to palace life and trying to please the Royal Family. Her optimistic spirit captures the attention of Lee Yul, the other contender for the throne who, while trying to win the Princess in order to gain the throne, finds himself falling in love with her for real.Among the plots, deceptions, and expectations in the mix, can the Royal couple see one another for who they really are and manage to fall in love?
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 01	Drama	none	A handsome heir of the royal family is attending art school. A spunky classmate whose parents are in debt overhears a private conversation of the prince.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 02	Drama	none	The future princess is being chased by reporters. Another prince comes back to town and enrolls at the art school.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 03	Drama	none	The future princess begins her lessons to learn the customs of the palace. The wedding ceremony is broadcast on live TV.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 04	Drama	none	The princess goes back to school with bodyguards. The prince's former girlfriend gets a scholarship offer.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 05	Drama	none	The crown princess's parents visit the palace. There's a party for the crown prince's birthday on Jeju Island.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 06	Drama	none	The crown princess learns more customs of the palace. She appears at her first public event with her husband, but someone tries to wreck it.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 07	Drama	none	The royal couple goes to stay with the crown princess's family for a few days, but no one can agree on the sleeping arrangements.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 08	Drama	none	The crown prince's ex-girlfriend starts to get friendly with the crown princess, but it's all part of her plan.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 09	Drama	none	The crown prince goes to Thailand and gets an unexpected visitor, while the crown princess stays behind in Seoul.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 10	Drama	none	The crown prince wraps up his Thai adventure, while the palace welcomes Prince William on his visit.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 11	Drama	none	Another princess arrives at the palace. Photos emerge from the crown prince's rendezvous in Thailand.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 12	Drama	none	The empress dowager makes a final decision about the royal hierarchy. The crown princess goes on a trip for a charity event.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 13	Drama	none	Yul begins to gain a fanbase as the Empress Dowager attempts to squash bad rumors of Shin and Chae Kyung by having them share a bed.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 14	Drama	none	Everyone is wondering what happened during the prince and princess's night together. Yul makes a confession.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 15	Drama	none	The crown prince's actions have gotten him in trouble. The entire royal family comes together for dinner.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 16	Drama	none	The crown prince and princess have a romantic getaway. Hyo Rin is more upset than anyone realized.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 17	Drama	none	The empress makes Hyo Rin an offer. Prince Ee Sung starts to take on more responsibility.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 18	Drama	none	Drama gets stirred up at Prince Ee Sung's birthday party. Chae Kyung tries to play a prank on Shin.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 19	Drama	none	The crown prince finds out something about the emperor and Lady Hwa Young. The crown princess gets in trouble again.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 20	Drama	none	The crown princess is involved in a media scandal of her own. The crown prince confronts Lady Hwa Young.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 21	Drama	none	The royal couple wraps up the TV interview. The crown princess goes on a hunger strike.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 22	Drama	none	The royal family is reeling from Yul's confession. The crown princess is seriously considering leaving the palace.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 23	Drama	none	After the fire, the royal family tries to find out what happened and why. Yul feels heartbroken.
3635	Princess Hours	Episode 24	Drama	none	The crown princess gets ready to go abroad, while the crown prince awaits his summons.
3636	Prince Hours	Prince Hours	Drama	none	A remake/sequel to one of the most popular Korean dramas of all time, Prince Hours is a delightfully entertaining rags-to-riches story, where the role of Cinderella is male and played by music superstar Se7en.In an alternate Korea, the country is ruled by a monarchy that has been in place for generations and has a strict lineage to inherit the throne. The monarchy runs into a problem, however, when the current prince dies, leaving only a 31-year-old, unmarried Empress in the royal family. With no successor to take over the throne, the family begins investigating their bloodlines, looking for anyone to be their heir. They stumble upon Lee Hoo, whose mother fled the palace years ago, after discovering she had been impregnated by the prince. Completely unaware of his true birth, Lee Hoo is a delivery boy at a Chinese restaurant, and has grown up as a loud-mouthed, carefree commoner. Now, he is plucked out of his life and installed in the palace, in training to become the next prince.
3636	Prince Hours	Episode 01	Drama	none	An event held each month for restaurants brings about a confrontation between Mr. Cho and Bul Bam. The Queen of Korea sends a representative to the Palace Restaurant on an undercover mission while Hu faces a group of unknown assailants.
3636	Prince Hours	Episode 02	Drama	none	The Queen moves Kang Hu into the palace and gives him a title but requires lessons to help him. Lee Gyeom's son, Lee Jun, tries to stop the Queen from giving an appointment in the government to Shin Jae Man.
3636	Prince Hours	Episode 03	Drama	none	Jun becomes increasingly upset about the status of Hu's position among royalty. Se Ryeong wants to call off her upcoming nuptials to see who will come out victorious between Jun and Hu.
3636	Prince Hours	Episode 04	Drama	none	The Queen must come to terms with Lee Gyeom after Hu's continuing blunders make the news. Sun Ui takes time to reflect on the trouble Hu causes her while the Disciplinary Committee meets about her job.
3636	Prince Hours	Episode 05	Drama	none	To make amends to the Queen, Hu tries a change by doing well at his training. Hu comes to a realization about secret information that concerns not only the royal family but relationships with people he used to know.
3636	Prince Hours	Episode 06	Drama	none	The Queen requests Se Ryeong help Hu while he continues his learning. Sun Ui makes an entrance at Se Reyong‘s event that causes both Hu and Jun to pay attention.
3636	Prince Hours	Episode 07	Drama	none	Hu continues his training but there are growing problems emerging with Court Lady Han and his relationship with Sun Ui. An upset Se Ryeong finds herself altering her attitude about Hu.
3636	Prince Hours	Episode 08	Drama	none	Anti-government forces cause problems at an event and people begin seeing Hu differently after his protection of the Queen. Hu aids Se Ryeong in seeing her life from a different perspective.
3636	Prince Hours	Episode 09	Drama	none	Sun Ui takes what Jun is telling her more seriously as she requests Hu leave after a visit. Sure of Sun Ui's innocence, Jun and Hu work to prove their beliefs.
3636	Prince Hours	Episode 10	Drama	none	After a talk with Hu, Jun considers the path he must take as Se Ryeong becomes upset. The Queen tells everyone that her decision on the heir to the throne will be revealed at the celebration.
3636	Prince Hours	Episode 11	Drama	none	The Queen devises a series of tests for Hu and Jun to chose who will be given the title of Crown Prince. A piece of art is the first test as Hu gets the artist to participate.
3636	Prince Hours	Episode 12	Drama	none	Hidden information concerning rings and Grand Princes Hyo Jang comes out during the first test. Sun Ui shows concern when Jun's mother will not give him Hu's rings and attempts to change her mind.
3636	Prince Hours	Episode 14	Drama	none	Hu finds Sun Ui as the test continues into the next day and offers help with her pursuits. The Queen faces dangers from an unknown group but Hu's assistance causes an injured arm.
3636	Prince Hours	Episode 15	Drama	none	Sun Ui comes back to attend the academy which upsets Se Ryeong. The Queen must take an unexpected trip but she requests that the tests continue without her.
3636	Prince Hours	Episode 16	Drama	none	Hu leaves the palace after learning some new information and goes to find his mother. Sun Ui searches for Hu but Se Ryeong is deeply heartbroken to see them embrace.
3636	Prince Hours	Episode 17	Drama	none	An investigation into the theft of the Queen's letters becomes the fifth test. Both Hu and Jun find information on the thief but they do not present the same person for the crime.
3636	Prince Hours	Episode 18	Drama	none	Hu is set up by the Queen to marry Se Ryeong even though he continues to have feelings for Sun Ui. Sang Gi learns where information is located and goes to talk to Jun in Seoul.
3636	Prince Hours	Episode 19	Drama	none	Jun wins the final test focusing on virtue but this causes intense problems with Lee Gyeom. Abdication surfaces as a suggestion for the Queen after details comes to light involving Alex.
3636	Prince Hours	Episode 20	Drama	none	Hu gets ready to start a new chapter of his life and gives Se Ryeong something he feels she needs most. An angry Jun seeks out Hu with the goal of exposing information that refers to his mother.
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Boys Over Flowers	Drama	8.5	At the prestigious Shin Hwa High School in Seoul, four boys comprise the group known as the Flower Four. The crème de la crème of the most powerful families from Korea, these spoiled, rebellious, flirtatious and cruel boys rule the school.Enter Jan Di, a girl of humble upbringing who is accepted into Shin Hwa on a swimming scholarship after accidentally saving the life of a Shin Hwa student. Not one for following the rules blindly, Jan Di faces immediate scrutiny from the entire school and in particular the boys of the Flower Four and their leader, Goo Jun Pyo, who dislikes her instantly. Through her charm and undying optimism, she slowly begins to capture the hearts of those around her, even the icy boys of the F4.
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 01	Drama	8.5	Jan Di, a poor yet feisty schoolgirl finds herself embroiled with a group of rich, popular boys who consider the school their own personal playground.
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 02	Drama	8.5	When Jan-di's brother discovers a scandalous story about a girl from her high school that is pregnant, she goes on a search to discover who the mysterious Miss K is. Little does she know that the other students have their own theory about the strange rumor.
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 03	Drama	8.5	With her brand-new makeover, Jan Di turns more than one head, which leads Jun Pyo to take drastic measures in his jealousy. Meanwhile, Ji Hoo and Seo Hyun navigate their past, and Seo Hyun and Jan Di share a meaningful moment that has unforeseen consequences when Ji Hoo thinks Jan Di is butting into his life.
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 04	Drama	8.5	Ji Hoo follows Seo Hyun overseas, leaving behind a scattered F3 and a mess of confusing feelings for Jan Di. Ga Eul meets with Yi Jung to deliver a warning. Jun Pyo decides he and Jan Di should officially date, but neither is prepared for what happens when jealous rivals make it their mission to break them up.
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 05	Drama	8.5	The attack on Jan Di leads Jun Pyo to decide that everyone needs a break, so they all pack up and head off for a beautiful weekend at an island resort. There's only one problem: Ji Hoo has returned from overseas, and he isn't going to keep silent about his feelings for Jan Di anymore.
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 06	Drama	8.5	Tensions mount as Ji Hoo throws his hat into the ring for Jan Di's heart. Jun Pyo can't stop him from expressing his feelings, but he isn't going to take it lying down. How far will he go to stop his former best friend? And what does Jan Di think about it all?
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 07	Drama	8.5	The arrival of Jun Pyo's older sister means that Jan Di has a new confidant for her conflicted feelings. Jun Hee is beautiful, smart, and completely unafraid to smack some sense into her silly little brother if she feels he's being difficult. Will her unique brand of her tough love solve their problems once and for all?
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 08	Drama	8.5	The race for Jan Di's heart turns literal when Jun Pyo and Ji Hoo decide on a series of competitions to settle their differences. But can they stick to the rules and compete without bloodshed? Meanwhile, Ga Eul can't stop thinking about Yi Jung, and Jun Hee makes her exit, but not without some special advice for Jan Di.
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 09	Drama	8.5	Jun Pyo meets Jan Di's family, and to everyone's surprise, they immediately hit it off. Could this be a positive sign for the future? Ga Eul grows closer to Yi Jung when a bad date breaks her heart and he's there to pick up the pieces. Is there more to him than just the arrogant playboy?
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 10	Drama	8.5	Jan Di and Jun Pyo have reached a tentative understanding, but Jun Pyo's mother doesn't think a "commoner" is good enough for her son, and she'll take drastic measures to see that a relationship doesn't happen. Meanwhile, Ga Eul can't deny her feelings for Yi Jung anymore, but Yi Jung has no interest in romance.
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 11	Drama	8.5	Jan Di makes a new friend, but his ulterior motives threaten more than just her relationship with Jun Pyo. Will anyone be able to save her in time? Yi Jung tries to ignore his growing concern for Ga Eul. Ji Hoo tries to do the right thing as friendships and families are put to the test.
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 12	Drama	8.5	After the events of the warehouse, everyone takes a breath and enjoys a trip to a ski resort. Jun Pyo and Jan Di are closer than ever, and even Yi Jung and Ga Eul seem to be making strides. But things are brewing with Jun Pyo's mother... and the consequences will be far-reaching and emotionally devastating.
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 13	Drama	8.5	Six months after Jun Pyo leaves everything behind, Jan Di travels to Macau to confront him and demand answers. But the new, all-business Jun Pyo doesn't seem to have time for her, so it's up to the remaining members of the F4 to cheer her up and give her hope for the future.
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 14	Drama	8.5	Still in Macau, Jan Di meets a friendly stranger named Jae Kyung, but of course there's more to the story that what meets the eye. The F4 confront Jun Pyo about how he's treating Jan Di. What secrets are driving him to ignore the girl he loves? How did his mother get to him?
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 15	Drama	8.5	Jun Pyo is falling to pieces without Jan Di, but reconciliation is further than ever when his mother makes a surprise announcement about his future. Jan Di wonders if the pain is even worth it. Ji Hoo tries his hand at damage control. Jae Kyung just wants to go home.
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 16	Drama	8.5	She may be Jun Pyo's new fiancee, but Jan Di finds it hard to hate the fun, friendly Jae Kyung, which gets her into trouble when Jae Kyung wants advice for the best way to win Jun Pyo's heart. Jun Pyo's mother isn't making things any easier, either... especially now that she's targeting Jan Di's family.
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 17	Drama	8.5	Family drama abounds as Ji Hoo struggles with his past and Yi Jung is forced to deal with his philandering father. Even Jun Pyo confronts his mother, but the answers he receives do little to change the situation he's stuck in. With wedding bells looming, how much longer can the act really last?
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 18	Drama	8.5	Jae Kyung makes a move on Jun Pyo. With kisses shared and rings exchanged, their wedding seems like a done deal, but Jun Pyo can't resist one last trip to Jan Di's house. Will he be able to accept a future without her? Does Jan Di even want him anymore?
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 19	Drama	8.5	Jun Pyo's mother delivers a warning to Jan Di. Ji Hoo tries to cope with his past. Yi Jung falls into a self-destructive spiral. No one is in a good place when they meet for a housewarming party, but an impromptu game of "Truth or Dare" proves more revealing than they ever expected.
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 20	Drama	8.5	With her family gone and her wallet empty, Jan Di has little choice but to accept Jun Hee's invitation and work at the Goo mansion. But such close proximity does things to Jun Pyo's heart, and even Jae Kyung can't stay blind forever. What will happen with all major players are together under one roof?
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 21	Drama	8.5	Jan Di and Jae Kyung have an honest talk about their feelings for Jun Pyo. Yi Jung and Ga Eul get away from it all and try to hash out their differences. Jae Kyung prepares to walk down the aisle, but no one, including the groom, is ready where it counts.
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 22	Drama	8.5	It's time for the wedding, but when the priest asks if anyone has objections, the entire audience is surprised by the answer. Meanwhile, Yi Jung struggles to cope with Ga Eul's demands, and Jan Di is enlisted as a caretaker for a mysterious comatose man. Who is he, and what is his connection to the Goo business?
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 23	Drama	8.5	Furious with the outcome of the wedding, Jun Pyo's mother turns her ire on not just Jan Di, but all of Jan Di's friends and loved ones. Jan Di herself is left with a choice: Fight for her love and risk her friends, or protect everyone by saying goodbye to Jun Pyo forever?
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 24	Drama	8.5	Jun Pyo's mother loses her grip on her family when they discover who the comatose man really is. Jan Di struggles to make ends meet. Jun Pyo goes on a mission to find her, but an unexpected accident threatens to test their relationship more than it's ever been tested before.
3637	Boys Over Flowers	Episode 25	Drama	8.5	They've dealt with amnesia, car accidents and interrupted weddings, but in the shocking finale of Boys Over Flowers, Jan Di puts her love of Jun Pyo to the ultimate test. Will they get their happily ever after, or will the romance of the plucky schoolgirl and the arrogant playboy prove too different to last?
3638	Gu Family Book	Gu Family Book	Drama	none	When Yoon Seo Hwa (Lee Yeon Hee) falls for Gu Wol Ryung (Choi Jin Hyuk) the guardian spirit of the Jiri mountains, their doomed love quickly blossoms in the form of their child, Kang Chi (Lee Seung Gi). As a newborn, Kang Chi is sent down a river, and is raised amongst humans. Life is normal as he works for Park Moo Sol (Uhm Hyo Sup) at the Hundred Year Inn, until he realizes his otherworldly nature: he's neither completely human, nor a true gumiho. When tragedy befalls his loved ones, Kang Chi realizes he'll need to control his newfound power in order to protect his family and come to terms with his unique identity.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 01	Drama	none	When the daughter of a noble family falls from grace, she receives help from a mysterious man.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 02	Drama	none	Wol Ryung must endure 100 days of sacrifice in order to become a human. Gwan Woong refuses to give up the search for Seo Hwa.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 03	Drama	none	Kang Chi's true nature isn't so easily hidden even though he was raised in a normal household. Yeo Wool is forewarned about a fateful meeting.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 04	Drama	none	Trouble begins for Tae So and Kang Chi when Jo Gwan Woong appears at the Hundred Year Inn with ill-intentions and eyes for Chung Jo.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 05	Drama	none	Kang Chi grows nervous as Chung Jo's wedding day approaches. Yeo Wool is drawn closer to Kang Chi the more they argue.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 06	Drama	none	Kang Chi finds himself powerless as history repeats itself and his family is in danger.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 07	Drama	none	Once Kang Chi discovers what he truly is, he struggles to accept it. Chung Jo finds herself in a familiar situation as seen with Seo Hwa 20 years previous.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 08	Drama	none	Kang Chi learns that in order to achieve his goals, he must practice self-discipline and not rely on brute force all the time.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 09	Drama	none	Dam Pyung Joon devises a plan to take back Lord Park's fortune right from under Jo Gwang Woong's nose.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 10	Drama	none	Kang Chi discovers the truth about Yeo Wool. Meanwhile, Chung Jo is forced to spend time with Jo Gwan Woong.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 11	Drama	none	When Kang Chi discovers Jo Gwan Woong plans to spend the night with Chung Jo, he devises a plan to rescue her. Yeo Wool is conflicted about her feelings for Kang Chi, knowing he loves Chung Jo.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 12	Drama	none	When Kang Chi's true nature is revealed to Chung Jo, she cannot find it in herself to accept him.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 13	Drama	none	Mysterious murders begin happening near Moo Hyung Do Gwan, and Kang Chi is targeted as the main suspect.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 14	Drama	none	The widow of a wealthy Japanese merchant stirs up Jo Gwan Woong at the Hundred Year Inn. Wol Ryung has come back to life, in the form of a Thousand Year Evil Spirit.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 15	Drama	none	As it becomes apparent that Kang Chi and Yeo Wool are developing feelings for each other, Master Dam forces them to separate and prepares Yeo Wool for her engagement with Tae So.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 16	Drama	none	Kang Chi risks getting kicked out of Moo Hyung Do Gwan while undergoing Gon's famous "Bell Test", while simultaneously learning the value of building trust and relationships with people.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 17	Drama	none	Tae Seo strikes a deal with Head Merchant Ja Hong Myung in order to take back the Hundred Year Inn.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 18	Drama	none	Chung Jo unknowingly reveals the truth about Wol Ryung's death to Kang Chi, which creates a rift between him and Yeo Wool when it tests their trust in one another.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 19	Drama	none	When the Head Merchant realizes she's taken her own son hostage, she must decide between saving him or blowing the cover she's worked 20 years for.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 20	Drama	none	Master Dam teaches Kang Chi a hard-learned lesson by putting his own life on the line.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 21	Drama	none	After a family reunion of sorts, Wol Ryung becomes conflicted between his evil nature and the faded memories that hold the key to his true self.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 22	Drama	none	Yeo Wool decides to spend three last days with Kang Chi before sending him off to find the Gu Family Book, and in those days she grants him three wishes.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 23	Drama	none	Kang Chi breaks up with Yeo Wool in order to keep her safe, but finds his decision may have had the opposite effect.
3638	Gu Family Book	Episode 24	Drama	none	The battle with Jo Gwan Woong finally comes to an end. Kang Chi and Yeo Wool find out whether or not So Jung's prophecy comes true.
3639	Undrafted	Undrafted	Drama	none	The Emmy-nominated series "Undrafted" returns to NFL Network for a second season with a special premiere on CBS Wednesday, September 16 at 10:00 PM ET. Undrafted premieres on NFL Network Tuesdays at 8:00 PM, ET beginning September 22 through November 3, with a special encore presentation of each of the eight episodes Thursday following the Thursday Night Football postgame show.Every year, thousands of COLLEGE FOOTBALL players leave school with dreams of a career in the National Football League. Of those thousands, 256 players are selected in the NFL Draft. The remaining - the Undrafted - must convince coaches, executives, and the pro football community that they deserve a coveted roster spot on an NFL team. All eight episodes of Undrafted tell the stories of players who were undrafted and are currently working to make their dream of playing the NFL a reality. The following players are profiled this season on Undrafted
3639	Undrafted	Episode 7	Drama	none	Undrafted players take one last shot at pursuing their dreams of playing in the NFL while trying to balance the ongoing challenges of supporting their families.
3639	Undrafted	Season 2, Episode 1	Drama	none	Former college football players take one last shot at pursuing their dreams of playing in the NFL; the players try to balance life's challenges and pursue their football dreams.
3639	Undrafted	Season 2, Episode 2	Drama	none	The players continue to train as some head to the regional combines to compete for a invitation to the Super Regional combine.
3639	Undrafted	Season 2, Episode 3	Drama	none	Former college football players take one last shot at pursuing their dreams of playing in the NFL. Experience the uphill battle these players endure while trying to balance life's challenges and still chase their football dreams.
3643	Ed	Ed	Drama	none	Ed Stevens is a contracts lawyer at a high-profile New York City firm. Around the same time he splits with his wife (she slept with a mailman), he makes a single error in punctuation when going over a contract; and because of the resulting financial loss to the firm, he's fired. Despondent, he heads back to his (small) hometown of Stuckeyville -- 'Anytown', USA. There he realises he's been missed by a lot of friends whom he's missed; and he sees Carol, the girl he'd adored in high school. Swept up in roiling emotions, Ed buys the local bowling alley on a whim, moves to Stuckeyville, and determines to win Carol's heart. His horizons broaden as he settles once more in Stuckeyville, and the series itself settles into a charming, funny, often serious slice-of-life series focused not solely on Ed but on the lovable ensemble cast of people who live and work with him in Stuckeyville.
3646	Alien Nation	Alien Nation	Drama	6.5	As Newcomers -- fugitive slaves from the planet Tencton -- Detective George Francisco and his family face prejudice and intolerance as they struggle to assimilate to life on their adopted planet. Together with his human partner, hard-edged Detective Matt Sikes, George walks the beat in Slagtown, Los Angeles, a Newcomer slum teeming with vice and corruption. More than just another cop show or science fiction show, Alien Nation utilizes a unique and exciting blend of action, suspense, humor, and social drama to explore the sociology of what it means to be an outsider striving to fit in.
3647	Black Box	Black Box	Drama	5.5	Catherine Black is a world-famous neurologist at the state-of-the-art medical institution known as "The Cube." Catherine is brilliant, beautiful, and at the top of her game, though she's hiding a secret of her own: she's bipolar. Each week, the doctors on staff attempt to unravel the mysteries of the brain and are constantly challenged by cases never-before-seen on television. The medical stories are moving, bizarre and a visual feast. The personal stories are riveting. The patients have rare, highly visual, often hallucinogenic and startling conditions, which we'll see through their eyes as Catherine diagnoses and treats them.
3648	Captain Scarlet	Captain Scarlet	Action	none	Imaginative and fantastical Supermarionation fun in the year 2065 when Earth's security organisation, Spectrum, spearheads an expedition to Mars.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Action	none	The Mysterons: sworn enemies of Earth, possessing the ability to recreate an exact likeness of an object or person.But first, they must destroy.Leading the fight, one man fate has made indestructible. His name: Captain Scarlet.In the year 2068, a manned mission to the planet Mars ends in disaster when the crew of an Earth exploration vehicle encounters an amazing Martian city populated by the invisible Mysterons; misinterpreting the inhabitants' use of cameras as an act of aggression, the crew believe that they are under attack and destroy the entire complex with missiles. However, the Mysteron city then recreates itself using the unearthly process known as retrometabolism, and the enraged Mysterons vow to exact their revenge upon Earth by engaging humanity in a war of nerves. The Mysterons are able convert anyone or anything to their cause by destroying the original and then recreating it as a new, ‘Mysteronised' agent - capable of employing any means necessary to bring about the downfall of the human race…Earth's line of defence against the alien attackers is the world security organisation known as Spectrum; led by Colonel White, Spectrum uses all its available resources to thwart the Mysteron threat, including a crack team of colour-coded agents, the sleek but deadly Angel Interceptors and the tank-like Spectrum Pursuit Vehicles. One of Spectrum's top agents is Captain Scarlet; once a Mysteron agent, Scarlet was able to throw off his conditioning and regain his sense of loyalty to Spectrum, with the added bonus that he is now indestructible. Fearless in his mission to protect Earth, Captain Scarlet is aided by the brave and intelligent Captain Blue, and together they attempt to defeat the menace of the Mysterons.Developed by Gerry Anderson, ‘Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons' is a darker, grittier series to its predecessor, ‘Thunderbirds'. The puppets used are more lifelike and correctly-proportioned, and the show has an increased level of reality and violence - characters are injured, and even die, and Spectrum are not always successful in defeating the latest Mysteron masterplan
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	The Mysterons	Action	none	The panicked destruction of a mysterious base on Mars unleashes the wrath of an alien race calling themselves 'The Mysterons', who promise their revenge for the attack. Captain Black is taken over to act as the Mysteron's first agent on Earth. Captains Scarlet and Brown are killed and copied by the Mysterons, with orders to kill the World President!
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Winged Assassin	Action	none	A Mysteron sniper performs an unsuccessful attempt on the forces' new target: The Director General of the United Asian Republic, with Captain Grey arriving in the nick of time, and succeeding in disposing of the eavesdropping gunman. From then on, all personnel from Cloudbase and Spectrum H.Q. – London, along with the recovering Captain Scarlet, and his original partner Captain Blue, are dispatched to protect the Director General at all costs, whom has made arrangements to return to his home country. But the Spectrum officers are completely unaware of the inbound Mysteron-reconstructed civilian Stratojet airliner, the enemies' tool to fix and complete their assassination upon the important international foreign figure.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Big Ben Strikes Again	Action	none	In the centre of London, the capital of England, a double police-escorted transporter, carrying a nuclear explosive device, built for civilian use, seemingly goes out of control, shaking of its' motor guards and its driver regaining consciousness in a back alley. The transporter, now in the remote-controlled possession of the Mysterons, has been hidden in an under construction car park. Captains Scarlet and Blue are assigned to investigate the drivers' mysterious discovery, that the famous Big Ben clock struck 13 times, which may be a clue to finding the transporter, before it destroys the whole of Central London. However, the driver's founding's are more than unreliable due to his perplexed state of memory.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Manhunt	Action	none	At the Culver Atomic Centre, located in Yorkshire, England, Captain Black accidentally exposes himself to a short-term radioactive isotope, when detected by the security guards, causing his hesitation. Although the isotope is physically harmless, it makes him a straight-forward target when using radiation-tracking systems during Spectrum's full-scale manhunt, to uncover and apprehend the Mysteron agent. But when the organisation is decoyed, Black manages to kidnap Symphony Angel, who disobeys direct orders from Colonel White. Instead of maintaining her aerial surveillance mission, she finds herself on death row, in a radiation chamber, and Black in absolute control, with the judgment of killing her, or letting her go free.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Avalanche	Action	none	The Frost Line Outer Space Defence System is endangered by the Mysterons when they destroy a maintenance truck, murdering its engineer/driver in the process, as a cover to infiltrate the defence bases sited in Northern Canada, where the Mysteronised engineer intends to proceed in removing all oxygen from the bases' self-contained atmosphere. With bases' "Red Deer" and "Cariboo" already taken down, the next base in the ring, "Big Bear", is the Mysterons' final target. But if the base is attacked also, the commander-in-chief of the defence network plans to commence a vengeful missile strike on Mars, where the main Mysteron complexes are established. Colonel White desperately wants to prevent this from happening, and so, he assigns Lieutenant Green to his first off-base, "in-the-field" assignment, along with Captain Scarlet, to evaluate just how the bases are being cut off, and stop the maintenance engineer from triggering off a global disaster.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	White as Snow	Action	none	When a radio station relay and communications satellite is recreated by the Mysterons and its course altered towards Cloudbase, Colonel White orders it to be destroyed before it collides with the aerial base. Infuriated at his superior for disregarding the lives of the men on-board the satellite, Scarlet declines the opportunity to be the temporary commander-in-chief of Cloudbase, and therefore, the offer is handed to the honoured Captain Blue. Leaving for a surreptitious destination, which only White has told to Lieutenant Green about, and with harsh instructions not to publish it to anyone at all, he arrives on board the USS Panther II submarine, with the alias Robert Snow, where shortly after one of the ensign officers is, with intent, murdered and reconstructed by the Mysterons in their newest play of vengeance to kill Colonel White.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	The Trap	Action	none	A World Air Force plane carrying Commodore Goddard and his right-hand man, being escorted by Melody Angel, is struck by lightning, and crashes, soon being reconstructed by the Mysterons.The force broadcasts its current threat: that they aim to kill all 10 of the world's top air-chiefs, who make up the executive Supreme Command of the World Air Force, who want to discuss a plan to dissolve the war of nerves between Earth and the hostile force. They plan on doing so by holding an International Air Conference at the loneliest location in Europe; Glen Garry Castle in Scotland.This is however unknown to Colonel White, who is awaiting the approval from Captain Scarlet that the castle's security is set up and approved. After she brings the delegates to the castle to start the conference, Symphony Angel is taken prisoner, as is Captain Scarlet, who unexpectedly discovers the brutal plan before the delegates arrive. Leaving the air-chiefs with no warning, and in perfect firing positions to be massacred by Goddard and his personal cohort aid, will Colonel White realise in time that something is wrong? Can Captain SCarlet save the day?
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Operation Time	Action	none	General J.F. Tiempo, the Commander of the Western Regional World Defence Government, is submitted as the Mysterons' next punishment target, and the doctor who will perform a major and much-required operation on Tiempo is eradicated during a dramatic car crash involving Captain Black, and reconstructed by the Mysterons. Spectrum are still befuddled on how the force have declared their act of retaliation as to "kill time", but Captain Magenta eventually cracks the dilemma and an elaborate game is underway by the Spectrum personnel, in order to trap the person who will take the life of the General, but the Spectrum officers discover two Msyteron secrets, which will undoubtedly assist them immensely in their continuing battle with the Mysterons. But what they don't realise is that the doctor who will perform the neurosurgery operation on the General is a Mysteron killer.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Spectrum Strikes Back	Action	none	A top-secret meeting is held with the World President and two Spectrum Intelligence Agency officers to showcase the new Mysteron electrical gun and detector. Following the inexplicable events with the late Doctor Magnus, who attempted to kill General Tiempo, the meeting takes place in the shooting grounds of an African private game reserve. Colonel White and Captains Scarlet and Blue find themselves in a treacherous hunting sport when the Mysterons attempt to prevent Spectrum from introducing their new and innovative mobile weapons in the fight against them.But, unbeknown to the group of men the security officer-in-charge, Captain Indigo, has been murdered in cold-blood by Captain Black and is now threatening the lives of everyone at the meeting. Can Scarlet stop him in time and save everyone?
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Special Assignment	Action	none	Spectrum Intelligence imparts Captain Scarlet with a "special assignment" in which he is to consciously lose at a casino, and to place himself on their debt owners list for 5,000 credits. When this is reported to Spectrum Headquarters, Colonel White fires Scarlet on the spot, for improper use of the organisation's code of conduct. Living in a shabby hotel room temporarily, a pair of Mysteron agents, posing businessmen, formulate a deal with the now Paul Metcalfe, with his I.O.U. for 5,000 credits, in return for a Spectrum Pursuit Vehicle which will be used to brake into the Nevada Nuclear City Complex and, with an atomic incendiary device onboard, obliterate the whole of North America.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	The Heart of New York	Action	none	A team of professional robbers break into a minor Spectrum Security Vault near the coast of New York, where "useless" documentation is kept, which proves quite valuable to the lawbreakers. Along with another gang member, they simulate a fake play-act for a forest lookout warden, just on the outskirts of the American capital as hopeless, potentially dangerous drunks. They set-up their car with fake lookalike puppets to deceive the warden into thinking that the 3 drunken men that he just warned has helplessly crashed off the high mountainous road, and exploded in a fireball.The gang then takes care of the warden and, deliberately posing as Mysteronised humans, they announce the force's latest plan to destroy the Second National Bank of New York, however the real Mysterons have yet to announce this at all, except for stating that they will destroy "The Heart of New York", but Colonel White understands that the bank is more than vital to fulfill the threat, as it stocks the entire gold reserve for the whole Eastern Seaboard of the country.The robbers nevertheless intend to achieve their goal, again by posing as senior agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and succeed in gaining entry through the Spectrum roadblock. With the entire American city evacuated, the bank is a sitting-duck, but Captain Black is awaiting their arrival, and only has fatal intentions in mind
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Lunarville 7	Action	none	The commanding controller of Lunarville 7 on the moon, announces that he has made direct contact with the force, and agreed to a undisturbed, and peaceful settlement, and to finally end the war of nerves. However this is a trick by the Mysterons, as the controller and his personnel aid are reconstructed agents, and have Captain Scarlet, Captain Blue and Lieutenant Green trapped on the compound when they are sent to investigate how he managed to make a deal with the Mysterons. When suspecting that the controller and his right hand man could be Mysteron agents, they leave Lunarville 7, and travel to the Humboldt Sea on the far side of the Moon, where an enormous and potentially powerful Mysteron complex is being developed and built in Crater 101.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Point 783	Action	none	When the Mysterons threaten the life of the Supreme Commander of Earth Forces, Scarlet and Blue are assigned to escort him to SHEF HQ in New York
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Model Spy	Action	none	Two models, eager to make their names publicised and internationally known in France, are killed in a dramatic staged monorail train crash, while en route to Paris, and are rebuilt by the Mysterons, in a bid to assassinate Andre Verdain owner of the "House of Verdain", a top modelling & fashion design company, which keeps his real occupation as the controller of the European Area Intelligence Service a secret. Captains Scarlet and Blue, along with Angels Symphony and Destiny are assigned to act as French newspaper photographers and stunning, attractive models, in order to guard Verdain from any Mysteron attacks, but they are absolutely oblivious of the presence of the two female model doppelgangers.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Seek and Destroy	Action	none	The Mysterons present to Spectrum their new act of avenge; to kill one of the Angel pilots, and with Destiny on vacation, she is their apparent target. Captains Scarlet and Blue fly to Paris to pick her up and accompany her back to Cloudbase.On the way back, three brand new un-painted Angel Interceptors, reconstructed from those that were destroyed in a scorching warehouse fire, open fire upon the Spectrum personnel, but a daring and enthralling aerial dogfight between the Mysteron aircraft and the real Spectrum Angels ensures, testing Melody Rhapsody and Harmony's outstanding skills and training to the maximum.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Traitor	Action	none	The Australian Spectrum Hovercraft Centre, Koala Base, the university-style academy where several trainees are sent to brush up their skills and sit their practical and mental exams to become Spectrum hovercraft pilots, is the most likely place for Captains Scarlet and Blue to investigate, where several explosive sabotages have been made upon Koala's state-of-the-art hovercrafts, hence why the Mysterons latest threat states that there is a traitor within the world security organisation, and that it threatens to tear it apart from within. Already settling on a few probable suspects, including the cadet leader, their suspicions rise even further when their room is set ablaze when sleeping. But when attending a routine test-run the next day, with one of their selected suspects, the duo discovers that the traitor isn't quite what they expected...
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Renegade Rocket	Action	none	A Variable Geometry Rocket is hijacked by a Space Major Reeves, an old friend of Colonel White, who launches the space-plane and makes a quick departure in a fighter jet with the rocket's flight programme unit, to which only he knows the 4-letter self-destruct code, to obliterate the rocket before it knocks out an essential target, which happens to be Base Concord, the state-of-the-art airbase where the rocket originally left from.Captains Scarlet and Blue are assigned to self-destruct the rocket before it reaches Base Concord, but to accomplish this, they have to check 10,000 possible 4-lettered code-words, starting from 'ABLE', and they don't even know that Reeves has set the destruct code-word as 'ZERO'.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Crater 101	Action	none	This episode concludes from where Captain Scarlet, Captain Blue and Lieutenant Green left the remains of the Lunarville 7 compound, where before they discovered a brand new Mysteron complex being assembled in Crater Number 101 of the Humboldt Sea, situated on the far side of the Moon. The power source will also provide Spectrum with ample opportunity to somehow come into direct contact with The Mysterons themselves, to try and come to a peaceful settlement. All three men volunteer to carry out a full-scale expedition by infiltrating the complex and removing its power source, so it won't become of any harmless use and so the Mysterons will not be able to reconstruct the whole complex after it's destruction. However, the bomb which is transported to destroy the entire complex is set for 10:00 S.E.T. instead of the agreed Midnight deadline, by a Mysteron agent, disguising himself as a technician officer of Lunarville 4, the space-base that equipped and informed the 3 Spectrum officers, in order to perform the mission.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Shadow of Fear	Action	none	Captains Scarlet and Blue travel to the Himalayas to supervise and administrate Spectrum's new phase to monitor signals from a space satellite that has been launched into the orbit surrounding Mars, and to snap-shot high resolution detailed pictures of the planet, which will be relayed and received by the large mountain satellite station that the probe was launched from.The second satellite, with the first acting as a decoy, successfully lands on Mars, and sets to have Spectrum successfully completing the code-named "Project Sword" operation, but the whole carefully planned arrangement is placed under threat when one of the participating technicians ostensibly falls dead and is brought back to life by the Mysterons, with one instruction: to sabotage the observatory and to interrupt the satellites' transmission before Earth comes to learn every single detail about the force and prevent them from continuing the war of nerves and retaliation against the planet.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Dangerous Rendezvous	Action	none	Concluding from where "Crater 101" left off, Spectrum take a chance by commencing a maximum security operation to bodyguard radio communications expert, Doctor Kurnitz from the Nash Institute of Technologies, up to Cloudbase to send a broadcasted voice message by Colonel White to the Mysterons base on Mars, in an effort to solve their differences and to end the raging war of nerves between them. But the Mysteron pulsator stolen by Captain Scarlet during the expedition to Crater 101 is used as an explosive charge to start a chain reaction on-board Cloudbase which will no doubt utterly destroy the aerial base. With Scarlet drawn away by Captain Black to prevent him from saving his fellow officers, the world-security organisation known as Spectrum is condemned to be crippled.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Fire at Rig 15	Action	none	A flaming 1000 feet inferno at a deliberately impaired oil-drilling rig, Rig Number 15, attracts the attention of Spectrum when the Mysterons explain their new threat to "immobilize" the international- security organisation, which would render all their aerial, sea and land vehicles useless.With the ultra-sonic oil wells and Spectrum's main oil refinery at Bensheba not so far from Rig 15, and possible targets, explosive specialist Jason Smith is hired to extinguish the fire with his vast range of high explosive charges. Approaching the blazing rubble, Smith falls down in front of his tractor and is reconstructed by the Mysterons The fire is extingyished, but the real Smith is buried in the rubble by his duplicate. The next day, the doppelganger Smith departs early from the site leaving his original body near the downed rig alerting Captain Scarlet that the Mysteron is on his way to the Bensheba oil refinery to annihilate its entire processing plant.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Treble Cross	Action	none	The Chief Test Pilot of Slaton Air Base is killed and reconstructed in a staged car crash by Captain Black, but when two medical doctors pass by, they revive the test-pilots' original body, named Major Gravener. Following this miracle, the Mysteron Major Gravener attempts to leave Slaton Air Base in a fighter jet armed with a live nuclear warhead, but is stopped in time when the base office is contacted by the hospital who revived the real Gravener. With Spectrum investigating the Mysterons' latest threat concerning the annihilation of the world capital, Futura City, they are alerted about the bewildering incident and use the real Gravener in a risky operation as the bait to discover if the Mysteron's will fall for the Major Gravener, and spring a net on the wanted Captain Black, even when the Mysteron doppelganger is already dead.!
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Flight 104	Action	none	Spectrum are involved with the safe, quiet transportation of escorting the world's leading astrophysicist, Doctor Congrad, to a conference with the World President at Lake Toma in Switzerland.After boarding their mysteriously-empty flight, which could possibly be due to it being the "slack" season with planes flying usually 3/4 empty but with no hostesses around, Captains Scarlet and Blue become suspicious, and realise that they are trapped on board the airliner, along with two tagging-along and over-confident news reporters. They soon learn that there aren't any pilots flying the machine, immediately suspecting the Mysterons are controlling it.But that's not the least of their worries when the plane starts to descend rapidly, and its nose pointing straight in the direction of the French Alps.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Place of Angels	Action	none	Once again, the Mysterons crypic threats make Spectrum believe they are targeting the Angels for a second time, but it isn't actually one of the Angels, it's one of their home cities. Or so Spectrum thinks...A report is received from a biological research station on the outskirts of Manchester, England, regarding the theft of the phial of the K-14 virus. This is a revolutionary and brand new strain that has the capability to kill 10 million people. Captain Scarlet and Captain Blue start a timed race to find the station's research assistant suspected of the theft, who is the only person to be granted access to it, Judy Chapman. Assessing that the force's target is the Boulder Dam of Los Angeles, which the city's name stands for "The Angels", Scarlet places his indestructible life on the line to recover the phial, although he soon faces imminent death.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Noose of Ice	Action	none	The Hotspot Mining Complex, situated at the North Pole, is responsible for producing from the only existing natural source, commercial quantities of tritonium alloy, which is being used for constructing the nose casings for a rocket. General Rebus, the commander-in-chief of the Space Administration, is hoping to send the rocket to Mars, presumably to perform in depth research assignments regarding the Mysterons. Captains Scarlet and Blue travel to the North Pole to act as security supervisors, in the inevitable time that the Mysterons may strike upon the complex, which they do when they take control over a maintenance engineer and instruct him to disconnect the massively high voltage current power lines between the booster power station and the tower. The 100,000 volt current is crucially-needed, as the heating rods located under the tower keeping the below-freezing ice at bay, and when the current is distorted, the ice will surround the tower, slowly but surely crushing the structure of the entire building, and if lost, no air, no power, no tritonium alloy, no Spectrum radio-wavelength, and the most imperative of all, no space exploration fleet.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Expo 2068	Action	none	A newly produced core reactor is being transported to the Manicougan Power Complex, which is near enough found near the Atlantic Seaboard of North America, which the Mysterons have announced that they will submit a "heavy blow to the prestige of the world." While conducting security checks within the designated area, it becomes aware that a missing, off route Transporter 43, which has already inadvertently crashed over the edge of a demolished bridge, thanks to Captain Black's deliberate diversion of the planned route, is what the Mysterons are using to smuggle the reactor. With the core reactor already being aerially ferried in a shipping helicopter, and with the controller at the Expo 2068 construction site looking down at the barrel of Captain Black's hand-gun, Spectrum are back to square one before they can investigate the reactor situation. It becomes apparent however, that the copter's target is the Expo 2068 site, and evidence confirms that the thermal safety valve has been removed from the reactor, with a rapidly descending countdown already initiated, and when zero approaches, the reactor will impend a nuclear explosion.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	The Launching	Action	none	Mervin Brand, a reporter for The Tribune newspaper, is killed in his jet by thunder lightening while en route to the press conference with President Roberts. When reconstructed promptly by the Mysterons, so Tribune Control don't suspect that the real Mervin Brand has crashed and died, the Mysteron Brand continues his flight to the press conference, but is stopped in his tracks by the Angels, who have strict instructions to attack & destroy any aircraft violating the restricted airspace over the President's residence, due to his life being under siege by the Mysterons. His arrogance and egotism doesn't assist matters, as he believes the enemy foes preparing to kill him will not achieve their latest ploy of revenge, and ignores the fact that the Mysterons killed the Director-General of the United Asian Republic. Spectrum continue to secure his residence, but when the President reveals the new atomic-liner ship, built by the Trans-Pacific Shipping Corporation, is being named after him and is set to be released from port today, Captain Scarlet grasps that the Mysterons intend to destroy the "President Roberts" ship, and not the man himself.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Codename Europa	Action	none	Professor Gabriel Carney, an awarded scientist for designing original electronics, is assassinated at his own gadgets-fulfilled home by Captain Black, in order for the Mysterons to use his skills and knowledge of the hi-tech subject to kill the three joint presidents of the Congress of Europe, additionally recognised as The Triumvirate of Europe. The names of those three men are: Conrad Olafson, John L. Henderson and Joseph Meccini, and this specific trio of men are apparently dubbed the most powerful figures on Earth, after the World President.The Mysterons elect Conrad Olafson as the first to be killed, whom is located in an underground suite, 40-feet underground Vandon Base, a maximum security centre where plentiful Spectrum security personnel are scattered over, and in addition, the Angels commencing repeated aerial patrols over the area and Captain Ochre acting as the officer in charge of security.Their attention is diverted instantly by a realistically audible incoming military assault & tank formation on the far West Sector of the base, which Carney has simulated by broadcasting recorded sound effects of a real attack via expensive speakers.While is equipment, located in the far woods 1 mile away, has the attention of all security officers of the base, Carney infiltrates the un-guarded East Sector and drops an incendiary device into an air-vent. Thinking the bomb has plunged 40-feet below to destroy Olafson's underground suite, it has in fact stopped at ground level, thanks to Spectrum's rational ingenuity by converting the air-vent into a dummy inlet and cutting of it's air-duct, but the explosive fully demolishes the main building above ground.With Olafson safe, leading to the Mysterons into believing he is dead, Spectrum are left with no clues of which of the remaining two joint presidents is next on the assassination list: Henderson, or Meccini. Even though they are both protected at separate maximum-security locations, Spectrum realise that this mysterious Mysteron agent is one of the toughest and challenging they have ever faced, and is capable of killing both men.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Inferno	Action	none	An SKR4 recovery vehicle is sent by the Euro-Space Tracker Station to destroy a live rocket, containing a malfunctioning destruct system, but ends being blown out of orbit and completely destroyed, when it collides with a considerably large meteorite. Re-created and controlled by the Mysterons, it becomes the bombing weapon, which will accomplish the forces' newest target: the Najama Complex, a vital colossal desalination plant, situated by the foothills of the Andes mountains. Its purpose is to process seawater from the Pacific Ocean, and irrigate the interior, and without it, hundreds of square miles would regress to waste land.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Flight to Atlantica	Action	none	The Spectrum Cloudbase officers host a non-permitted party, excluding the ultimately strict Colonel White, to celebrate the 1st anniversary of the world security organisation, with the assistance of an anonymous well wisher supplying the champagne, which has in fact been spiked with an organic compound which causes sporadic amnesia and general irresponsibility. After being severely cautioned by the Colonel, whom discovers the party and becomes very angry at his personnel for not receiving official permission to celebrate the anniversary, the Mysterons announce their intentions to destroy the World Navy Base of Atlantica, an invulnerable underwater complex protected by sea-to-air rockets and offensively-equipped submarines.Captains Blue and Ochre are handed the assignment to disband a wreckage which is being carried by heavy currents towards the Atlantica base, but the champagne has already taken control over them, turning them into juvenile rebelists. Captain Black manages to changeover their assignment papers with irrelevant ones which order them to destroy Atlantica's Defence Control Tower, which they proceed in doing, and eventually annihilate the whole complex.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	Attack on Cloudbase	Action	none	The threat that Spectrum have been awaiting for had to come, and Cloudbase being the principal headquarters of the organisation makes it an obvious target which would make seizing control over Earth a lot more easier for the Mysterons in order for them to complete their raging war of nerves, so the "aircraft carrier in the sky" is targeted for destruction.With Symphony Angel stranded in the desert due to an unknown explosion on her Angel Interceptor, forcing her to eject, Captain Blue especially becomes agitated, for obvious romantic reasons, at the fact that she could die. With instructions for any aircraft entering a 100-mile radius of the airbase to be destroyed, and itself sealed from all external contact, the Mysterons themselves decide to visit Earth to obliterate Cloudbase personally, making this threat the most vengeful of all their past avengements.
3650	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	The Inquisition	Action	none	While relaxing at a smart countryside restaurant during a late evening, Captain Blue, accompanied by Captain Scarlet, starts to feel strange after drinking a cup of black coffee. When Scarlet issues himself to fetch their coats, Blue instantaneously disappears, and when awakening, finds himself sitting in Lieutenant Green's chair back on Cloudbase, with a Spectrum Intelligence agent, who calls himself Colgan, sitting in Colonel White's chair. He explains that Blue has been absent without leave for three months, and must prove his identity by disclosing top-security information; the Spectrum cipher codes, before he can return to active duty. Without having to do this, Captain Blue instead tells the story of three Spectrum assignments involving the Mysterons: the nuclear attack on London, the mission of destroying the Mysteron complex in Crater 101, and the prevention of a Mysteronised Commodore and his aid from slaughtering the Supreme Command of the World Air Force at the Scottish Glen Garry Castle, which wasn't released to the press. But Colgan still continues to question Blue regarding the cipher codes, whom hasn't caught on the fact that this mysterious S.I. officer is truthfully a Mysteron agent, and the Cloudbase interior a replica of the original, located in an abandoned warehouse.
3651	Case Histories	Case Histories	Drama	none	Detective drama series featuring Jackson Brodie, a private investigator with a traumatic past.
3651	Case Histories	Case Histories (1)	Drama	none	An unusual take on the detective genre featuring Jackson Brodie, who has served with the army and the police, and is now a private investigator.Jackson takes on the mysterious case of a girl who went missing 30 years ago, as well as helping a grieving father to find the man who murdered his daughter, all whilst trying to deal with flashbacks to his own traumatic past.
3651	Case Histories	Case Histories (2)	Drama	none	As the detective series continues, Jackson seems to be collecting lost girls. Along with his continuing investigation into the killing of Laura Wyre, and missing Olivia Land, Jackson decides to help a mysterious seductress find her niece. All whilst dealing with the knowledge that his ex-wife is moving to New Zealand with his beloved daughter.
3651	Case Histories	One Good Turn (1)	Drama	none	Jackson helps a crime novelist who is caught up in a road rage incident whilst hunting down the killer of a drowned Russian girl. His daughter's imminent move to New Zealand sends him to Yorkshire to visit his past.
3651	Case Histories	One Good Turn (2)	Drama	none	Jackson uncovers the dark secrets of a novelist's holiday in Russia. He takes the journalist on a journey of redemption, and helps the wife and the dominatrix of a comatose crook with their own controversial bid for freedom. He also says goodbye to his daughter, Marlee.
3651	Case Histories	When Will There be Good News? (1)	Drama	none	Whilst investigating a routine 'cheating wife' case, Jackson is caught up in a terrible train accident that brings yet another lost little girl into his life. This sets off a series of seemingly unconnected events that will have a far greater impact on his life than he realises.
3651	Case Histories	When Will There be Good News? (2)	Drama	none	Jackson is released from jail, his arrest having triggered a connection with the Joanna Hunter case. But will he be able to find her before something really bad happens? Meanwhile, Marcus has become caught up in the cheating wife case that Jackson just can't shake.
3651	Case Histories	Started Early, Took My Dog	Drama	none	Jackson helps a young woman find her parents, and in doing so unearths a shocking discovery, one that takes him into the heart of a 35-year-old crime. Meanwhile, a retired policewoman needs Jackson's help with a little girl.
3651	Case Histories	Nobody's Darling	Drama	none	A woman is convinced that her daughter's riding accident was murder and through his investigation Jackson must confront some difficult truths about the destructive nature of love. His relationship with his own daughter, Marlee, gets more complicated too.
3651	Case Histories	Jackson and the Women	Drama	none	Jackson helps a teenage boy who has grown up in the shadow of his murdered mother to understand how she really died. Meanwhile, he wrestles with his own dilemmas as a past case threatens his future and relationships.
3652	Case Sensitive	Case Sensitive	Drama	none	Case Sensitive is a crime drama series starring Olivia Williams and Darren Boyd. The series sees DS Charlie Zailer having to work with DC Simon Waterhouse for the first time after Geraldine Bretherick and her five-year-old daughter Lucy are discovered dead in the bathroom of the family home.
3652	Case Sensitive	The Point of Rescue (1)	Drama	none	Charlie Zailer has to work with DC Simon Waterhouse for the first time after Geraldine Bretherick and her five-year-old daughter Lucy are discovered dead in their family home. They end up arguing as if to whether it is a murder case, suicide or something even more sinister. A woman ends up telling her best friend she was having an affair with Bretherick's husband and would like to see him once again.
3652	Case Sensitive	The Point of Rescue (2)	Drama	none	A young woman calling herself Esther ends up visiting the crime scene. Charlie and Simon are able to find out the woman went on to a bird sanctuary but she ends up vanishing only leaving behind a picture of an unknown mother and child. After a woman's body is discovered floating in the river, Sally ends up realising that she is in great danger.
3652	Case Sensitive	The Other Half Lives (1)	Drama	none	After a music teacher leaves her husband for a troubled musician, it ends in tragedy. DS Charlie Zailer and DC Simon Waterhouse investigate a case of failed ambition and murderous jealousy, while dealing with their own difficult relationship.
3652	Case Sensitive	The Other Half Lives (2)	Drama	none	Ruth is interviewed by Charlie and Simon. They have a letter from Jason's house that should have arrived the day that he died with her fingerprints are on it. Ruth admits that she went to the house and she slept with Jason. She insists though that she didn't kill Jason.
3653	City Beneath the Sea	City Beneath the Sea	Science-Fiction	none	Science Journalist Mark Bannerman and his photographer assistant Peter Blake meet the Professor Westfield at a London gala who is kidnapped. Blake identifies a man who was with the Professor as former U-Boat Commander Captain Kurt Swendler who vanished at the closing events of WWII. At the same time, a U-Boat is reported to have been spotted off the coast of Dover. The Royal Navy intends to track it by using the new atomic-submarine Cyana. Bannerman and Blake are invited aboard as part the restricted press coverings. However, the Cyana is hijacked by Swendler and his crew and the Cyana's own crew are set adrift whilst Bannerman and Blake remain hidden where they come upon a dangerous secret on the seabed...
3653	City Beneath the Sea	The Pirates	Science-Fiction	none	Science journalist Mark Bannerman and his youthful assistant Peter Blake are covering a story on board a submarine when the vehicle is stolen by a former U-boat commander.
3653	City Beneath the Sea	Escape To Aegira	Science-Fiction	none	Swendler evades capture by the Royal Navy and pilots the stolen submarine to a mysterious underwater city.
3653	City Beneath the Sea	Tide Of Evil	Science-Fiction	none	Bannerman and Peter are set to work in a laboratory in the undersea city, alongside several kidnapped scientists.
3653	City Beneath the Sea	Cellar Of Fear	Science-Fiction	none	Peter is rescued and brought back to the city, and the air circulation system is repaired. Professor Ziebrecken explains his plans for the conquest of the sea, and Bannerman makes a shocking discovery.
3653	City Beneath the Sea	Power To Destroy	Science-Fiction	none	Ziebrecken plans to use the threat of a nuclear strike to secure his installation as world leader. Peter tries to get a signal to the surface.
3653	City Beneath the Sea	Operation Grand Design	Science-Fiction	none	Swendler arranges a fatal "accident" for Bannerman and Peter.
3653	City Beneath the Sea	Three Hours To Doomsday	Science-Fiction	none	With his nuclear missiles in place, Ziebrecken makes his demands to the world's governments: surrender or be destroyed.
3654	Secret Beneath The Sea	Secret Beneath The Sea	Action	none	This children's drama is a sequel to the series City Beneath The Sea. Scientists Mark Bannerman and Peter Blake find themselves in the lost underwater city of Aegira searching for rare metals vital for the future of space research. What they find is danger and action in every corner.
3654	Secret Beneath The Sea	The Mysterious Metal	Action	none	Kurt Swendler, having escaped the authorities, demonstrates the wonders of Phoenicium, a wonder metal. A mysterious man called Smith is after its secrets, but Swendler passes the sample, and his research notes, to science journalist Mark Bannerman and his assistant Peter Blake.
3654	Secret Beneath The Sea	Voyage Into Danger	Action	none	The plate of Phoenicium is stolen from Bannerman's office. Bannerman, Peter and Janet return to the undersea city of Aegira in search of Phoenicium deposits, but Sir George is on their trail.
3654	Secret Beneath The Sea	Sabotage	Action	none	Peter is accused of sabotage. He and Janet try to prove his innocence.
3654	Secret Beneath The Sea	The X-Layer	Action	none	Peter and Janet are hauled in front of Captain Payne. Bannerman goes in search of Phoenicium deposits.
3654	Secret Beneath The Sea	The Take-Over	Action	none	Bannerman is missing, following the attack, and there is another explosion at the base.
3654	Secret Beneath The Sea	The Death Trap	Action	none	Can Bannerman frustrate the saboteur and locate the Phoenicium?
3656	Those Who Kill	Those Who Kill	Drama	none	Crime drama Den Som Draeber (Those Who Kill) follows a specialist police unit responsible for capturing Copenhagen's most dangerous killers. Inspector Katrine Jensen (Laura Bach), criminal psychologist Thomas Schaeffer (Jakob Cedergren) and chief Magnus Bisgaard (Lars Mikkelsen) lead the high pressure pursuits despite personal and professional peril. An intense, unsettling police procedural that explores the psychopathy of violent offenders.
3656	Those Who Kill	Corpse in the Woods (1)	Drama	none	Police realise that four female skeletons unearthed in woods outside Copenhagen are the work of a single sadistic killer and that an unconventional approach is needed to trap him.
3656	Those Who Kill	Utopia (1)	Drama	none	A family is slaughtered in their home for no apparent reason, and Thomas leads the investigation into their shocking attack. But even as the case proceeds, the suspect strikes again and another family could die if Katrine and Thomas can't reach them in time.
3656	Those Who Kill	Bad Blood (1)	Drama	none	Katrina confronts past traumas when tracking down a serial killer victimising young prison inmates.
3656	Those Who Kill	An Eye for an Eye (1)	Drama	none	Schaeffer risks everything to solve the murder of an undercover narcotics cop.
3656	Those Who Kill	A Deadly Game (1)	Drama	none	Jensen meets a man who seems the perfect partner until his secrets come to light. Meanwhile, a meticulous killer plays cat-and-mouse with the team.
3657	Falcón	Falcón	Drama	none	Falcón is a drama series which sees Inspector Javier Falcon being brought to life from Robert Wilson's iconic books. The series focuses on Javier Falcón, a Chief Inspector in the Seville police whose personal and professional life end up being compromised by dark secrets from the past.
3657	Falcón	The Blind Man of Seville (Part 1)	Drama	none	Falcon investiages the murder of a blind man in Seville.
3657	Falcón	The Blind Man of Seville (Part 2)	Drama	none	Falcon manages to discover a link between his family and the killer.
3657	Falcón	The Silent and the Damned (Part 1)	Drama	none	Falcon investigates some suicides as he looks into a new case.
3657	Falcón	The Silent and the Damned (Part 2)	Drama	none	Family history manages to rear its ugly head and deadly enemies draw closer.
3658	Fortier	Fortier	Drama	none	Anne Fortier is a criminal psychologist who works with the investigators of SAS (Anti-Sociopathic Service), a fictional police division specializing in crimes involving mental illnesses. Although their crimes include a shoe thief and a pyromaniac, most of the cases given a lot of time on the series are murders, often serial killings. While solving these cases Fortier and her colleagues must wrestle with her own murky past and psychological issues.
3659	Gemini Man	Gemini Man	Action	none	Sam Casey is an agent for INTERSECT, a government think-tank and operations center specilizing in secret missions. While on a diving assignment, Sam was affected by the radiation from an underwater explosion. The radiation rendered him invisible, but INTERSECT devised a way to control his invisibility, by fitting him with a computerized watch that kept him visible. He could, however, shut it off, and become invisible again, for short periods of time. If he did this for more than 15 minutes in any 24 hour period he would die. This ability to become invisible made him a very effective agent.
3659	Gemini Man	The Gemini Man (pilot)	Action	none	Ben Murphy stars as a special agent Sam Casey, who becomes capable of invisibility as a result of the after effects of an explosion during an underwater salvage operation. Co-starring in the film are Katherine Crawford as computer specialist Dr. Abigail Lawrence and Richard Dysart as Casey's boss, Leonard Driscoll. When friend and co-worker Abby Lawrence is able to perfect a means to control his invisibility. Casey, an agent and chief troubleshooter for the think tank facility known as Intersect, becomes a valuable secret weapon for the firm and is given the code name minus one. Convinced the explosion was the work of saboteurs, Casey, Abby and Driscoll,uncover a plot to execute wealthy Charles Royce, head of one of the country's largest industrial complexes who had hired Casey for the salvage job.
3659	Gemini Man	Smithereens	Action	none	Special agent Sam Casey poses as a truck driver to safely transport a top-secret liquid cargo, unaware that it has been replaced by a highly volatile chemical.
3659	Gemini Man	Minotaur	Action	none	Sam is pitted against a heat sensing, computerized robot controlled by a dangerous, embittered scientist who is using his creation to penetrate U.S. security systems and conduct high-level espionage.
3659	Gemini Man	Sam Casey, Sam Casey	Action	none	A foreign agent poses as Sam Casey and penetrates Intersect's security to steal top secret files.
3659	Gemini Man	Night Train to Dallas	Action	none	The sudden death of a top-level government scientist embroils his unsuspecting former secretary in a race against time between Sam Casey and foreign interests seeking top-secret data about her former employer's work.
3659	Gemini Man	Run Sam, Run	Action	none	Accused by his employers of slaying a fellow agent, Sam Casey goes underground in an attempt to clear his name.
3659	Gemini Man	Targets	Action	none	Casey's attempt to help a noted female scientist defect from an Iron Curtain country is hampered by the woman's daughter, whose attachment to a double-crosser jeopardizes the trio's escape.
3659	Gemini Man	Buffalo Bill Rides Again	Action	none	Leonard Driscoll summons Sam Casey to unmask Robert Denby who he suspects of sabotaging the U.S. defense system.
3659	Gemini Man	Escape Hatch	Action	none	A crew turns insubordinate and takes captive a shipping magnate as their hostage.
3659	Gemini Man	Eight- Nine- Ten You're Dead	Action	none	A former boxing champion, in the heavyweight category, accepts to challenge the current title holder, under the apparent intention of the promoters to do a charity event. But when he is advised to take a fall, he refuses. Some minions have kidnapped his father and then have proceeded to blackmail him into accepting the match. Sam Casey steps in to help the former champion.
3659	Gemini Man	Return of the Lion	Action	none	Sam is assigned to protect and help a deposed African leader known as The Lion return to his country in order to end the ongoing civil war. During the journey both men's personalities are drawn, and Casey imbues The Lion with ideas about the sociological reality of his people.
3659	Gemini Man	Suspect Your Local Police	Action	none	Pretending to be a rookie, Sam (Ben Murphy) teams with a veteran supposedly involved in an assassination plot.
3660	The Infinite Worlds of H.G. Wells	The Infinite Worlds of H.G. Wells	Drama	none	The Infinite Worlds of H.G. Wells three-part miniseries kicks off the new Hallmark Channel (formerly Odyssey Network) in style by bringing Wells' short stories to television for the first time. The miniseries opens in 1946, as newspaper reporter Ellen McGillivray (Best) pays a visit to a cranky 80-year-old H.G. Wells (Ward) with hopes of finding out what led to his visionary storytelling.Wells is ready to give her the boot, but there is something about the young woman and her desire to learn more about his past and the secrets he knows that stops him. Wells relents and begins his tale a half-century earlier at London's Imperial College of Science, when he met Jane Robbins (Carmichael), a lovely scientist and teacher who holds the same fascination for unexplained phenomenon that he does. Wells and Jane soon find themselves slipping into amazing adventures that cross the bounds of time, space and science itself.
3660	The Infinite Worlds of H.G. Wells	The New Accelerator & Brownlow's Newspaper	Drama	none	Scientific discovery can be such a rush. Wrapped around the ongoing plot device of interviews with an elderly HG Wells as he recounts fantastical tales he swears are true. Starting with a lab experiment that could revolutionize the world.A different sort of time travel tale--What would you do if you knew the future? Would you change that future? Remember Newtons's Third Law and Murphy's.
3660	The Infinite Worlds of H.G. Wells	The Crystal Egg & The Remarkable Case of Davidson's Eyes	Drama	none	Part Two starts with the tale of a pawnshop owner who comes across a crystal rock with mysterious properties in "The Crystal Egg." In "The Remarkable Case of Davidson's Eyes," an accident during a scientific experiment causes a young man to suffer terrible delusions. But is he really mad?
3660	The Infinite Worlds of H.G. Wells	The Truth About Pyecraft & The Stolen Bacillus	Drama	none	In Part Three, "The Truth About Pyecraft," a brilliant mathematician wants to lose weight, but getting his wish just might cost him more than he could possibly imagine. Finally, in "The Stolen Bacillus," a flask that may hold a dangerous virus is missing and Wells gets on the case to hunt down the thief.As the elderly Wells tells his stories, he discovers that Miss McGillivray has a secret of her own, and meeting her may affect him in a more profound way than he could ever have dreamed.
3661	Jack Irish	Jack Irish	Drama	none	Jack Irish (Guy Pearce) is a man getting his life back together again. A former criminal lawyer whose world imploded, he now spends his days as a part-time investigator, debt collector, apprentice cabinet maker, punter and sometime lover – the complete man really. An expert in finding those who don't want to be found – dead or alive, Jack helps out his mates while avoiding the past. That is until the past finds him.
3661	Jack Irish	Bad Debts	Drama	none	Jack Irish is a man getting his life back together again. A former criminal lawyer whose world imploded, he now spends his days as a part-time investigator, debt collector, apprentice cabinet maker, punter and sometime lover - the complete man really. Jack is an expert in finding those who don't want to be found - dead or alive. He helps out his mates while avoiding the past. That is until the past finds him.A phone message from ex-client Danny McKillop doesn't ring any bells for Jack Irish. Life is hard enough without having to dredge up old problems: his beloved football team has moved interstate, the odds on his latest plunge at the track seem far too long and he's still cooking for one. But then Danny turns up dead and Jack has to take a walk back into a dark and dangerous past.
3661	Jack Irish	Black Tide	Drama	none	Life's gone pear-shaped for Jack Irish (Guy Pearce). He's back to takeaway Vietnamese for one after his girlfriend Linda (Marta Dusseldorp) abandoned him for a career in Sydney, a flashy Brisvegas type is muscling in on the racetrack action, and his cabinet-making still leaves a lot to be desired. So when an old teammate of his dad's turns up looking for help, it's a welcome distraction for Jack.Des Connors' (Ron Jacobson) son Gary (Nicholas Coghlan) has gone missing, having nicked off with all Des's money. But sometimes prodigal sons go AWOL for a reason. As Jack begins to dig he discovers Gary was a man with something to hide and a very good reason to disappear – or be disappeared.Finding Gary turns nasty when Jack pushes the wrong buttons at the headquarters of a national transport company owned by one of Australia's wealthiest men. Suddenly there is a disturbing number of faceless people in ill-fitting suits taking an interest in Jack's quest including Dave (Don Hany) – an obsessive federal agent and head of a clandestine operation called Black Tide.Meantime, Ricky Kirsch (Neil Melville), a Brisvegas former horse trainer, is moving in on the turf of Harry Strang (Roy Billing), Jack's friend and sometime employer. Ricky fixes races and hits on a dead man's wife at the funeral, but when he starts killing jockeys he crosses a line. The body count in Gary's case is rising at an alarming rate. A missing webcaster, two overripe corpses in a long-term carpark and a dead Fed who has turned to consommé in a water tank all point to one thing – Jack is in way over his head. It turns out Gary is a witness who could bring down a business empire and more. The race to find him becomes a lethal sprint. First prize – staying alive.
3661	Jack Irish	Dead Point	Drama	none	When a high profile judge commissions Jack Irish to locate a mysterious red book, Jack is thrown into a world of sexy club owners, drug dealers and unhinged killers.
3662	Jack Taylor	Jack Taylor	Drama	none	Jack is an Irish ex-cop, on the wrong side of forty who has become a finder with a sharp tongue and a soft heart. He takes on the cases The Guards won´t touch, no matter how hopeless. He´s pig stubborn. He defends the lost and the broken. He´s good because he looks where no one else looks, talks to the people no one else talks to. Moreover, he knows every back street in his hometown, Galway, knows the seed and breed of everyone in it. But small towns have big memories, and like Jack they are quick to anger and slow to forgive. This series of feature length crime dramas follows Jack´s odyssey through the mean streets of Galway.
3662	Jack Taylor	The Guards	Drama	none	In this introduction to the dark and seamy underbelly of Galway and the tortured world of Jack Taylor, the beautiful Anne Henderson comes into Jack´s local pub and asks him to find her missing daughter.Before long, Jack is submerged in the grimy secret lives of Galway's outwardly respectable middleclass citizens. The plot thickens when the bodies of four girls turn up in the river and Jack´s old paratrooper friend Sutton arrives in Galway, luring Jack back into trouble.When Jack´s favourite barman then dies under mysterious circumstances, everything Jack believes in begins to unravel, making him question even those closest to him.
3662	Jack Taylor	The Pikemen	Drama	none	"The Pikemen" finds Irish private investigator Jack Taylor back in Galway one year after "The Guards" and straight into another dark, twisted murder investigation. He promises his mother's friend to look into the suspicious death of her son who fell from scaffolding at a construction site, and soon discovers the Pikemen - a secret group of vigilantes who pursue justice outside the law. Jack's trail to the truth fuels his various opponents' fury and stimulates escalating violence and danger that threaten to destroy him. Luckily he's assisted by his new "apprentice" detective, Cody an eager young studeent who admires and emulates the grizzled detective.
3662	Jack Taylor	The Magdalen Martyrs	Drama	none	Jack Taylor is hired by Maggie McCarthy, the daughter of a recently deceased former inmate at St Monica's, an infamous Magdalen laundry in Galway. Maggie wishes to identify a sadistic nun mentioned in her late mother's diary, known only as Lucifer, who worked at the asylum during the early 1960s and took pleasure in torturing its inmates. As the diary reveals the depth of Lucifer's brutality, Jack and Cody discover a 50-year-old family secret that lead them to the nun's identity, and an unexpected connection to the recent deaths of two brothers.
3662	Jack Taylor	The Dramatist	Drama	none	The impossible has happened: Jack is living clean and dating a mature woman – rumour suggests he is even attending mass! The accidental deaths of two students appear random, tragic events, except that in each case a copy of a book by John Millington Synge is found beneath the body. Jack begins to believe that a calculating killer is out there, enticing him to play…
3662	Jack Taylor	Priest	Drama	none	The decapitation of Father Joyce in a Galway church horrifies even the most jaded citizen. Jack, devastated by a recent trauma of personal loss, has always believed himself to be beyond salvation. An eerie mix of exorcism, a predatory stalker, and an unlikely attraction conspires to lure him into a murderous web of dark conspiracies
3662	Jack Taylor	Shot Down	Drama	none	"Shot Down" is based on Ken Bruen's book 'The Killing of the Tinkers' and follows Jack's attempts to help an eleven year old traveller girl named Rosie who witnessed her mother's murder but has suppressed the memory.As Jack investigates, he attempts to unlock the secrets of Rosie's damaged mind, while dealing with a traveller feud and racing against time to find the killer before he strikes again.
3663	Jo	Jo	Drama	none	The series (formerly known as "Le Grand"), shot in English entirely on location in Paris, stars Jean Reno as Joachim "Jo" St.-Clair, a veteran French detective tackling the city's most challenging murder cases, each tied to an iconic Parisian location, including the Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame and the Catacombs. Emmy-winning producer Rene Balcer ("Law & Order", "Law & Order: Criminal Intent") serves as the showrunner of "Jo", which he created with Malina Detcheva and Franck Ollivier. Directors of the first season include Charlotte Sieling ("The Bridge"), Stefan Schwartz ("Dexter") and Kristoffer Nyholm ("Forbrydelsen" a.k.a. "The Killing").
3663	Jo	Notre Dame	Drama	none	A body is found beaten and strangled under the Last Judgment portal of Notre Dame. His ears have been pierced and his face positioned so that his dead eyes are aimed at a figure of an angel blowing his trumpet to wake the dead for the final judgment. By making the victim symbolically deaf to the angels trumpet, Jo surmises that this was the killers way of saying that this victim wasnt worth Gods mercy.
3663	Jo	Pigalle	Drama	none	During fashion week, the barely-alive body of a glamorous former model is found hanging in the upper levels of the Eiffel towers iron structure. At first, her lover's estranged wife is suspected he apparently wanted to leave the model to return to the mother of his children, but the model refused to let him go. But then Jo finds another trail that leads to a 22-year-old stripper in Pigalle, dancing in a Josephine Baker revue. The stripper is the dead model's illegitimate daughter she gave up for adoption at birth.
3663	Jo	Place De La Concorde	Drama	none	Notorious young stunt man Alain Spiderman Robert is found with his neck broken and dressed in climbing gear at the base of the Obelisk. As it turns out, Alain was hired by a rich industrialist to plant video equipment recording a kinky humiliating sex play in a suite of the Crilion Hotel involving the wife of one of France's most prestigious families' heir. However, there is an even more sinister game at stake threatening the unhappy wife. No longer comfortable with the marriage they arranged, both her arriviste family and her powerful mother-in-law decide to put her out of the picture.
3663	Jo	Les Invalides	Drama	none	35-year-old Mirage fighter pilot Charlotte Dumas is found dead inside Les Invalides wearing a ring stolen in a notorious unsolved murder of a family in Southern France. A person of interest at the time of the LeGoffs killing, a mechanic in Charlotte's crew who had a relationship with 17-year old Sybil, which her father disapproved of. A successful supplier of the air base, his body was the only one missing after the murder. Convinced that the mechanic did kill the LeGoffs, Jo starts unraveling a setup. The mechanic is actually being framed by Jean Francois LeGoff, who killed his family after his daughter revealed he had molested her when she was 12. Faced with a calculating degenerate killer, Jo has to use all his skills to lure him out into the open.
3663	Jo	Place Vendôme	Drama	none	In a garage under Place Vendome, firemen find a burnt corpse behind the wheel of his car. The cops identify Philip Roquin, an accountant at a jewelry store. Being told about the tragedy, his family and employer's testimonies differ: the latter hasn't heard of Philip in two weeks while his wife tells the cops he has been in a car accident. Having found the killing was perpetrated following a kidnap and ransom, Jo tracks back Philip's trail to discover Lisette, a woman he was having an affair with, which might have led him to his death. In a race against time to save the next kidnapping victim, the investigation leads Jo to a prison where Lisette had spent time and a warden who has strange relationships with the inmates.
3663	Jo	Le Marais	Drama	none	Place Des Vosges, a stones throw from Victor Hugo's apartment. A young woman is found dead from a blunt-force head wound. Jo deducts the murder was not premeditated, but maybe a crime of passion, maybe the result of a struggle an argument gone bad. She is identified as Marie-Eve Lambert, a small-time art dealer from the Paris banlieue. Her husband professes not to know what she was doing in the Marais at night. He has an alibi, though his general demeanor rubs Jo the wrong way. Maybe she was meeting a lover?
3663	Jo	The Opéra	Drama	none	On a sunny afternoon after taking his daughter to her ballet lesson, a middle-aged man gets stabbed on the steps of the Palais Garnier. The victim is an economist and a family man, and everything suggests the murder was random. Soon after however, a teaching assistant to a Political Science professor is found stabbed to death in a similar fashion on a subway train at Barbes-Rochechouart Metro station. Jo finds out that the two murders have parallels in political crimes history and the victims are linked with a mysterious Political Science grad student.
3663	Jo	The Catacombes	Drama	none	A young woman is found stabbed to death in the Catacombs. Since some parts of the Catacombs are a known hang-out for Goth teenagers and would-be Satanists, suspicion at first falls on those two groups. But the style of the killing suggests a sexual motive. The victim is identified as a DNA researcher in a lab, a repressed loner whose life under closer examination reveals that she frequented sex bondage clubs - the police thinks that maybe she was in the Catacombs for a sexual rendezvous. While the rest of his team is chasing the sex angle, Jo links the dead girl to some missing lab equipment - equipment he learns is used to insert DNA into living cells.
3665	The Martian Chronicles	The Martian Chronicles	Science-Fiction	none	Earth sends its first manned probe to Mars in 1999, and a jealous Martian murders the two astronauts when his wife has erotic dreams of meeting them. Members of a subsequent expedition are hypnotized into believing that they have landed in the childhood community of their leader and have been reunited with deceased family and friends, and they are poisoned by the Martians. Col. John Wilder leads a third expedition and learns that a chicken pox virus brought to Mars by the first two expeditions has almost eradicated the Martian population. A member of Wilder's team becomes obsessed with protecting Mars from Earthman and murders some of the others in Wilder's party, before Wilder kills him. Colonists arrive on Mars to settle, among them priests seeking God, and a lone Martian masquerades as the most desired persons of various settlers. Global war on Earth reduces man's natal planet to radioactive waste, and most of the settlers returned there prior to the holocaust. Wilder struggles to assemble the remaining humans on Mars, who cope with their loneliness in different ways and will not leave their piece of Mars, before Wilder meets a Martian of past or future who tells him the secret of simple Martian life and convinces him to abandon the Earth lifestyle.
3665	The Martian Chronicles	The Expeditions	Science-Fiction	none	The exploration of Mars begins with two failed expeditions. Colonel Wilder then leads a crew to discover the secret of Mars - only to find all the Martians dead from chicken pox.
3665	The Martian Chronicles	The Settlers	Science-Fiction	none	With native Martians wiped out by disease, thousands of humans now colonize the red planet and attempt to create a second Earth.
3665	The Martian Chronicles	The Martians	Science-Fiction	none	With Earth destroyed in a nuclear war, Colonel Wilder finds himself alone with his family on Mars. To rebuild what he has lost, Wilder chooses to make Mars his new home
3666	Pathfinders to Mars	Pathfinders to Mars	Children	none	In Pathfinders to Mars,sequel to Pathfinders in Space, Conway Henderson (Flood) consents to pilot a new interstellar rocket. Young Geoffrey Wedgewood will be one of the crew and Henderson's niece, Margaret (Hester Cameron) - due for a holiday with her uncle - persuades him to take her, too. Meanwhile the place of Professor Dyson is taken by an unidentified man believed by Wedgewood and the rocket crew to be Dyson. The imposter, Harcourt Brown (George Coulouris), sabotages the rocket's radio receiver so that Henderson and the rest don't discover his real identity. Working for the mysterious "Sector Ten" Brown manages to take control of the rocket and hold Margaret as hostage.
3666	Pathfinders to Mars	The Imposter	Children	none	Professor Wedgwood plans another moon expedition. The crew anxiously await the last minute arrival of a Professor Hawkins. But, by a trick, a mystery man takes Hawkins' place in the rocket.
3666	Pathfinders to Mars	Sabotage In Space	Children	none	The Wedgwood expedition is on its way to the Moon, but the crew do not know that one of their party is an imposter.
3666	Pathfinders to Mars	The Hostage	Children	none	The imposter, Harcourt Brown, has taken control of the moon rocket and holds Margaret hostage as he heads for Mars. What can Conway Henderson do to foil this crazy plan?
3666	Pathfinders to Mars	Lichens!	Children	none	Harcourt Brown, notorious for his wild beliefs in intelligent life on Mars, has diverted a British moon expedition to the red planet to prove his theories. After six weeks' enforced Journey, the rocket approaches the barren surface of Mars - but there is nothing solid on which to land.
3666	Pathfinders to Mars	Zero Hour On The Red Planet	Children	none	Taken to Mars against their will, the British space explorers search for precious water for the long journey back to Earth.
3666	Pathfinders to Mars	Falling Into The Sun	Children	none	With Earth moving away from Mars at 20 miles a second, the explorers must leave immediately or face 16 months in the lifeless Martian desert.
3667	Pathfinders to Venus	Pathfinders to Venus	Children	none	Pathfinder to Venus picked up where the previous series (Pathfinders to Mars) left off. On their return from Mars, the crew of the British space ship M.R.4. intercepts a distress signal from a rocket in orbit around Venus. Manned by American astronaut Captain Wilson (Graydon Gould), it has been struck by a meteor and is fast running out of oxygen. Harcourt Brown fakes a message so that Conway Henderson believes the the American has been forced to crash-land on the planet's surface. Landing on Venus in a thick forest, out intrepid heroes soon realised they have been duped when the US space craft lands. But by the time Geoffrey and Margaret reach it, the pilot has vanished and his cabin has been torn apart by a creature of enormous strength. This was the final Pathfinder story, but some of the actors resurfaced later in Plateau of Fear.
3667	Pathfinders to Venus	S.O.S. From Venus	Children	none	While returning to Earth from a hazardous journey to Mars, the British rocket crew hear a mysterious distress call from the vicinity of Venus.
3667	Pathfinders to Venus	Into The Poison Cloud	Children	none	In answer to a distress call from a stranded astronaut; MR4 has diverted to Venus. By a trick, the rocket's univited guest Harcourt Brown has made pilot Henderson decide to land on the unknown world beneath the carbon cloud.
3667	Pathfinders to Venus	The Living Planet	Children	none	The crew of the British rocket MR4 have landed on Venus to rescue the stranded American astronaut. But he has vanished and his rocked has been ransacked.
3667	Pathfinders to Venus	The Creature	Children	none	The British rescue party on Venus have found the American's ransacked rocket. Evidence of life is soon confirmed.
3667	Pathfinders to Venus	The Venus People	Children	none	Harcourt Brown has persuaded the American astronaut, Wilson to go with hims in search of a Venusian civilisation. The British party in pursuit suddenly find themselves trapped in a cave by a huge primitive man.
3667	Pathfinders to Venus	The City	Children	none	The British space explorers, searching inside a Venusian volcano for Captain Wilson, are hunted down by a primitive species of men. Making their escape, they are trapped by roof falls and molten lava as the volcano erupts.
3667	Pathfinders to Venus	The Valley of the Monsters	Children	none	Cut off from their rocket by an active volcano, the astronauts start the long trek across the Venusian desert - and are attacked by pterodactyls. But these pre-historic flying reptiles are only a foretase of what is to come.
3667	Pathfinders to Venus	Planet on Fire	Children	none	The astronauts have trekked across the vast Venusian desert to return to their rocket. But as they near MR4, volcanic ash sets the jungle aflame - and MR4 is in the centre of the inferno.
3669	Single-Handed	Single-Handed	Drama	none	When Garda Sergeant Jack Driscoll (Owen McDonnell) receives a midnight call to investigate activity on an isolated beach in the West of Ireland, he unwittingly stumbles into the middle of a Dublin run undercover operation. When Daniel O Malley, the son of a local trawlerman, dies in his arms that night, Jack's search for answers meets unexpected resistance from the Dublin detectives as they seek to bring down a bigger national prize.
3669	Single-Handed	Natural Justice (1)	Drama	none	No sooner has Garda officer Jack Driscoll returned from Dublin to replace retiring copper dad Gerry in rural Connemara than he has to investigate the death of a young Balkan barmaid, who died of gas fumes inhalation in her trailer home. Jack finds evidence of foul play and learns that the girl was popular with the local menfolk. Ageing builder Tommy, whose niece Jack dates, wanted to marry her but she preferred the younger Liam, who points Jack towards the local hotelier who employed her, not just as a barmaid but as a prostitute. He warns Jack that she was involved with several influential locals, including Gerry, but Gerry is no help to his son, dismissing the victim as a "little foreign tart on the make." This only strengthens Jack's resolve to investigate further.
3669	Single-Handed	Natural Justice (2)	Drama	none	Jack learns that the victim was called Sylvana and that she was pregnant. Tommy was going to arrange an abortion in England for her. Tommy, in fact, has had previous experience of helping out girls who got pregnant. Many years earlier he was of assistance to another young woman, but the baby girl concerned was adopted and not aborted. The identity of that baby and her father are truly shocking for Jack and local pressures force his hand in not taking the case any further.
3669	Single-Handed	The Stolen Child (1)	Drama	none	Eilish Burke's two-year-old son Conal is abducted, apparently by her ex-husband Padraig, though her family are unpopular locally as they are travellers with form and Jack's lazy superior has already given the child up as dead. Gerry, Jack's corrupt father, is subject to a tribunal for past misdemeanours when he was a Garda sergeant and Jack's girlfriend Maggie, the local doctor, supports Eilish and is concerned for Gerry's health. However, she has kept quiet about Padraig's drug addiction, to Jack's annoyance. Having prevented Gerry from doctoring evidence he traces Padraig through his drug-dealer but Conal is not with him.
3669	Single-Handed	The Stolen Child (2)	Drama	none	Padraig is well and truly out of it,due to the drugs, and Jack roughs him up in order to get news of Conal but Eilish admits that she is now uncertain that Padraig took him as she never got a good look at the abductor and made a supposition. Gerry points Jack towards Malachy Doran, a retired school-teacher who worked with Jack's mother Eithne and is now ringing her up. Malachy was once suspected of being a paedophile but released through lack of evidence. Malachy has indeed got his own agenda for returning to the area, as Gerry finds to his cost. Conal is eventually found alive.
3669	Single-Handed	The Drowning Man (1)	Drama	none	Whilst looking into the drowning of a local teenager, Garda Sergeant Jack Driscoll stumbles into the middle of a national investigation into a drug trafficking ring.
3669	Single-Handed	The Drowning Man (2)	Drama	none	Jack continues to investigate how the drowning is linked to the drug trafficking ring.
3669	Single-Handed	The Lost Boys (1)	Drama	none	The body of elderly recluse Seamus Devlin is discovered dead in a field and the initial charge is to Ruairi, a troubled teenager, who is staying at a remote youth facility. Jack is forced to keep watch on him as he gathers evidence on the death. Meanwhile, a long-lost cousin Brian and his girlfriend Gemma opens up new wounds for Jack's mother and the discovery of an uncle Jack never knew existed - a victim of the now derelict and violent industrial school for young offenders.
3669	Single-Handed	The Lost Boys (2)	Drama	none	Jack continues his investigation into the death of Seamus Devlin and discovers a link between him and his newly found Uncle Sean going back to his uncle's days in St. Augusta's Industrial School. Meanwhile, Dennis Costello plans a major redevelopment of his pub which won't please Jack. Elsewhere, Brian considers staying on and renting after Dennis tells him that his father inherited land in the area which is now his.
3669	Single-Handed	Between Two Fires (1)	Drama	none	Jack investigates the suspicious fire of an unfinished house which belonged to his friend Killian Kinsella. Killian informs him that he sold the house to Dennis Costello some weeks previously. Shortly afterwards the body of Killian's sister-in-law Niamh Duffy is found dead in the burnt out house. Jack suspects that Dennis had a hand in the fire and sets out to prove what happened. Meanwhile, Jack kisses his cousin's girlfriend Gemma and also finds out that Finbarr slipped plans for Dennis's nightclub past him and he is far from pleased. Elsewhere, Dennis calls in Jack's old boss to help him deflect evidence of the fire away from him.
3669	Single-Handed	Between Two Fires (2)	Drama	none	Jack continues to find the person he believes torched Dennis Costello's abandoned house but finds himself thwarted every which way by both Costello and his former boss Jim Dooley. But is Jack looking in the right direction? Meanwhile, Gemma breaks up with Brian and he takes revenge by attacking Jack and then changing the locks on Eithne's home barring her entry.
3669	Single-Handed	A Cold Heaven (1)	Drama	none	Jack starts an affair with his cousin's ex-fiancée Gemma just as he begins an investigation into a prostitution ring led by Dubliner James Kerrigan who has managed to lure local teenager Mairead O'Sullivan into the ring also. An out of control Brian attacks Gemma prompting Jack to hit Brian but his attack gives Dennis Costello the ammunition he has been looking for in trying to get rid of Jack. Elsewhere, a broke Finbarr applies for a loan to the bank.
3669	Single-Handed	A Cold Heaven (2)	Drama	none	Jack is suspended by Inspector O'Kane pending his investigation into the assault charges on his cousin Brian. Dennis puts the thumbscrews into Finbarr now that he is acting Sergeant but is Finbarr finally getting wise to Dennis's tricks. Meanwhile, Mairead O'Sullivan overdoses after she refuses to give her statement to anyone but Jack. At the hospital James Kerrigan takes advantage of Mairead and brings her back to his house and forces her to resume her prostitution role. Although suspended he works with Mairead's dad to get Mairead back.
3670	Sky	Sky	Children	none	Eerie, unsettling and a benchmark production for children's television in the 1970s, Sky was created by Doctor Who stalwarts Bob Baker and Dave Martin as one of the run of outstanding children's dramas HTV produced in that decade. Filmed in such richly atmospheric locations as Avebury, Glastonbury Tor and Stonehenge, Sky is a mixture of ecological fable, science fantasy and good, old-fashioned peril.Marc Harrison stars as Sky - an ethereal boy who materialises on an Earth that is as unprepared for him as he is for it. He soon realises that he's been brought to the wrong time and must seek out the Juganet to return to his correct place in reality. With the help of tearaway Arby Vennor, his sister Jane and friend Roy, he must race against time as Nature rejects Sky and the Earth's immune system creates the evil Goodchild, who is out to stop him at all costs...
3670	Sky	Burning Bright	Children	none	A Strange storm ... and an extraordinary adventure begins for Arbie (Stuart Lock), a West Counrty lad, when he discovers a remarkable youth named Sky, who has visited the earth accidentally.
3670	Sky	Juganet	Children	none	Arbie's sister Jane (Cherrald Butterfiels) is left alone with Sky and at first believes him to be a madman. She becomes confused when he explains the mystery of his arrival on earth and his need to return to his "own time."Nature is rebelling against Sky, the intruder, and materializes in the human form of Goodchild (Robert Eddison) to repel him.Sky needs to find refuge in the strange 'juganet' to escape from earth and he commands Arbie and Jane to help him.
3670	Sky	Goodchild	Children	none	The forces of nature in the guise of Goodchild are still attacking Sky and cause an accident in which Arbie's mother is injured.Sky uses all his energy to cure her but leaves himself in a weal state for a further encounter with his adversary.
3670	Sky	What Dread Hand	Children	none	Sky is weakened by the power of Goodchild and Jane and Arbie take him to hospital for safety, but Goodchild still pursues him in the form of a surgeon.Sky, at risk, enlists the help of another patient by telepathy and together with Jane and Arbie, they probe the possibility that Glastonbury may be the place of the "burning circles" where the power of the juganet has to be found.
3670	Sky	Evalake	Children	none	Tom, the patient who has telepathic contact with Sky, and the teenagers take Sky to Glastonbury. There, on top of the Tor, Sky is confronted by a hippie who believes the strange youth is the long-awaited "Keeper of the Grail" for whom he has been seeking. Goodchild is still at hand, ready to attack.
3670	Sky	Life Force	Children	none	Goodchild, still thwarted in his attempts to rid Earth of the intruder Sky, creates a mysterious house to entrap him and Jane and Arbie. They enter the trap and find the house does not exist.But Sky is gaining strength and reveals himself in a golden light as the life force which Goodchild cannot resist. Goodchild offers to show Sky the Juganet if he will be gone from Earth. Sky agrees.
3670	Sky	Chariot of Fire	Children	none	The juganet is revealed as Stonehenge, and Arbie and Jane take Sky there. He prepares to leave Earth but Arbie pleads to go with him.Sky will not allow it, but Arbie triggers the force of the juganet and finds himself propelled forward in time to a harsh world and threatening people.Arbie is likely to be lost forever but Sky intervenes and in thye most bizarre transport, gets him back to his own time - having learned a lesson about the forces of nature.
3671	Space Patrol	Space Patrol	Children	none	Space Patrol was a 1963 science-fiction marionette series made by former Gerry Anderson associates Roberta Leigh and Arthur Provis. The show is often confused with Anderson's Fireball XL5 -- given the similar plotlines and being released the same year. The main confusion of course existing because the series incorporated elements of Anderson's Supermarionation techniques."Space Patrol" takes place in the year 2100 and chronicles the actions of an interplanetary police force, Space Patrol, where men from Earth, Mars and Venus live and work as guardians of peace. The series mainly focuses on the crew of Galasphere 347 - under the command of Captain Larry Dart with his crew Slim and Husky. The crew is under command of Colonel Raeburn and his Venusian secretary Marla.The series aired from April 7, 1963-June 11, 1964 in the UK and was sold overseas and broadcast in America, Canada and Australia, and in spite of its low budget, the show rated particularly high with young audiences in many regions. The show aired in America as Planet Patrol to avoid confusion with the 1952 series of the same name. The show garnered a large following, including Babylon 5 creator J. Michael Straczynski - which he stated was his favorite show as a child.
3672	Star Maidens	Star Maidens	Children	none	TV series of British/German origin, and set in the "present" Earth of the 1970s. A planet from another solar system drifts into Earth's system and is detected by some Earth scientists who investigate. The surface of this planet is no longer habitable and the residents have moved to a high-tech underground city. The society is ruled by the women, who of course, are all beautiful. Men are considered mentally inferior and are divided into two categories: the "adequately intelligent" who are selected by women to act as their personal "domestics" for household chores, and the remainder who are forced to perform menial labor under the supervision of female guards. The guards are attired nicely in visored helmets, boots, hot pants, and elbow-length gloves which are used to control the men through some sort of apparent force. Scientists from Earth (one men and one woman) find their way to the planet
3672	Star Maidens	Escape to Paradise	Children	none	In the distant Proxima Centauri star system, lies he planet Medusa, which is ruled by the female members of its society, and women enjoy a life of luxury and power while the men are resigned to carry out domestic chores and menial labour.When a burning comet passes too close, the planet is shifted off its axis and sent hurtling through space, where it eventually settles outside Earth's solar system.When two male servants named Adam and Shem learn of a world where males are considered equal to females, they decide to steal the spaceship belonging to Adam's mistress, Supreme Councillor Flavia, and escape to utopia on Earth.
3672	Star Maidens	Nemesis	Children	none	When Professor Evans of the Astronomical Institute detects the arrival of the Medusan spaceship Nemesis on Earth, his assistants, Rudi Schmidt and Liz Becker set off to investigate the ship, but while inside the vessel, Rudi accidentally activates a device and is blinded. Meanwhile, the escapees Adam and Shem explore their new surroundings in an attempt to find sanctuary from their Medusan oppressors. Having failed with their earlier attempt to make contact to a herd of cows, the two men discover that the dominant life-form also has a humanoid form – and females.
3672	Star Maidens	The Nightmare Cannon	Children	none	While on the run from their Medusan pursuers, Adam and Shem take over a castle. Fulvia and Octavia demand that the authorities on Earth hand over their escaped servants, but are surprised to learn that the policemen on our world refuse to submit to their every whim. Undetered by this, the two Medusan leaders take Professor Evans' assistants, Liz and Rudi, as hostages. They then prepare to unleash the full force of a fear-inducing Medusan weapon known as the Nightmare Cannon upon Adam and Shem.
3672	Star Maidens	The Proton Storm	Children	none	Octavia takes the damaged Nemesis ship back into space to have repairs carried out on it, taking Liz and Rudi with her as hostages. In exchange for the lives of the two humans, Fulvia demands that Adam and Shem return home with her, but the two Medusan men refuse, unless they can return to their homeworld as equals with the females. Liz and Rudi arrive on Medusa, were Rudi is put to work, while Liz is introduced to a life of luxury.
3672	Star Maidens	Kidnap	Children	none	Two foreign scientists decide to take advantage of Fulvia's superior alien knowledge, by getting her drunk on champagne and then taking her to a country mansion, where they will connect her to a computer brain that will steal all her advanced scientific secrets. Meanwhile, her former servant Adam becomes jealous over the attention given to her, and decides to stage a rescue mission.
3672	Star Maidens	The End of Time	Children	none	After President Clara falls victim to a mysterious illness. Liz determines that the cause is a cold virus that she herself brought to Medusa from Earth. Octavia travels to Earth to bring back Professor Evans in an attempt to save the President's life.
3672	Star Maidens	Hideout	Children	none	Convicts Adam and Shem are exposed after Fulvia pressures the media to warn people to look out for them. Adam and Shem hide out in an empty apartment. When the law catches up with them, Adam tries to make a run for it but is caught. Shem narrowly escapes with the help of a girl.
3673	Starhyke	Starhyke	Children	none	It's the year 3034. Everyone on Earth has become an emotionless drone set on colonizing the solar system. Their lack of emotion makes them a fearless and remorseless race that destroys without conscience. An alien race called the Reptids, intent on releasing a biological weapon to reawaken our emotions.....
3673	Starhyke	Disordered	Children	none	The year is 3034, all emotions have been suppressed for hundreds of years and Earth is destroying the universe around them by waging war on every alien race they encounter. The Dreadnaught Nemesis is the only ship capable of travelling through time in the A.C.A.T. fleet (Armed Chronological Advancement Taskforce).The Nemesis follows a Reptid ship into the past. During the time-slip, a biological weapon is detonated, rendering the crew unconscious. When Captain Blowhard and her crew awake in the 21st century they quickly realize that something is different. Each crewmember must stand their post whilst trying in their own personal way to control and vent their newly acquired emotions.Sally and Ox visit Earth looking for answers. Sally confuses the locals by her reaction to the local cuisine. Eventually, the crew turns to Doctor Striker for answers. With the future hanging in the balance and the fate of human kind in the doctor's hands, do they really stand a chance?
3673	Starhyke	Lucy in the Sky	Children	none	Rogan, a smuggler contacts the Nemesis with information to sell. Allowed on board the ship, he brings Logan, his small childlike purple pet alien that unbeknown to the crew secretes hallucinogenic ooze. Slowly the crew become affected by the ooze and begin to see their own personal fantasies play out before their eyes. This episode had everything from giants in pink tutus to Jazz singers to Clark Gable!Later when everyone is still recovering from the effects of the ooze, they find out that Rogan had his own objectives, which leaves Sally in an awkward position.
3673	Starhyke	Kill Jill	Children	none	The crew locate an alien on the Earth's surface, hiding in a shopping mall. Going undercover, they transport to the surface, but find making contact more dangerous than they might have imagined.
3673	Starhyke	Reboot	Children	none	The Nemesis is infiltrated by a Reptid/Human hybrid from a future even more distant than their own. As Captain Blowhard tries to figure out what to do with him, the ship is stricken by a sudden irreversible loss of power and descends through the Earths atmosphere. The Nemesis and its crew crash land on a desolate part of Earth, where they are unable to get the ship operational again.They build a colony and live happily for almost 3 decades until an opportunity arises leaving Blowhard only seconds to prevent the chain of events that originally left them marooned on the island.
3673	Starhyke	Plug and Play	Children	none	The crew finds the whereabouts of an alien base that is being disguised as a run down strip club. The crew goes undercover with hilarious consequences. Wu Oof becomes a lap dancer and Sally gets a job as pole-dancer, the problem is, she can't dance and isn't even Polish!The mission goes from bad to worse when Dotty gets stranded in Jamaica and the Captain discovers chocolate! Whilst the crew are on Earth the Nemesis is attacked and it's up to remaining crew, led by Reginald Duck to save the day. With time running out and the Nemesis nearing destruction it looks like this could be the crew's final battle.
3673	Starhyke	Lock, Choc and Flying Hogs	Children	none	In the concluding episode of the first series, the crew head for Mars after tracking the alien mother ship, however there's a saboteur on board who threatens to destroy the Nemesis crew. Believing that the ship's computer has turned against them, Sally has to shut down the system before it's able to destroy the ship. Eventually, with the help of Ox and Wu Oof, she manages to pull the plug on Daphne, but before she can escape the core closes and the automatic destruct system is activated.With only moments remaining, the crew leave the ship and molyport to Earth. They look to the skies waiting expectantly for the ship to explode beyond Earths atmosphere leaving them stranded in the 21st Century. When nothing happens the real saboteur reveals himself just before the crew realize that one of them has been left on board and that person must save the day. That individual is no other than the less then brilliant Reginald Montague Duck, janitor of the stars.
3674	Supernova	Supernova	Drama	none	Supernova follows an inept but hyperintelligent astronomer, Dr Paul Hamilton (played by Rob Brydon) as he moves from an academic job in england to working at an observatory in the outback of Australia. There he encounters the odd characters who run the station, and falls in love with the beautiful Dr Rachel Mann, who is engaged to an astronaut.
3675	The Sweeney	The Sweeney	Drama	none	The Sweeney was one of the finest British police series of the mid 1970s. Jack Regan is a hard edged detective in the Flying Squad of London's Metropolitan police (called 'the Sweeney' from the Cockney rhyming slang 'Sweeney Todd' = 'Flying Squad"). He pursues villains by methods which are underhand, often illegal, frequently violent, and more often than not, successful.
3678	The Day of the Triffids	The Day of the Triffids	Action	none	1981 adaptation of John Wyndham's classic post-apocalyptic novel. A hospitalised man awakes to a world of the blind, plagued by nightmarish plants that feed on human flesh.
3681	Funny Or Die's Billy On The Street	Funny Or Die's Billy On The Street	Comedy	none	Coming October 8 to truTV, Funny Or Die's Billy on the Street with Billy Eichner is a pop culture game show that follows unfiltered and unapologetic comedian Billy Eichner as he hits the streets of New York City to test unsuspecting passersby. Billy gives contestants the chance to win cash and other prizes by playing games such as "Quizzed in the Face," with lifeline options to "Beg a Stranger" or "Compliment His Hair." Other games could include "Dead or Boring?" and "Name 20 White People in 30 Seconds."
3687	The Javone Prince Show	The Javone Prince Show	Comedy	none	Stand-up, sketches and live music. Javone gives his take on modern-day life in Britain.
3688	The Whitest Kids U Know	The Whitest Kids U Know	Comedy	none	The series pushes sketch comedy to a whole new level of depraved genius and this farewell season ups the ante like never before. This season, Trevor, Zach, Sam, Darren and Timmy are providing sardonic cracks on politics, gender, suburbia, and sex while featuring some of their most creative, hilarious, and often shocking material to date. Fans can expect to meet a whole new cast of characters including sex phone worker "Baked Beans"; world class Didgeradoo player "Sal Rosenberg"; child do-gooder "Little Hitler" and many more. The Kids will also feature commercials for some of their latest absurd inventions like the children's fashion accessory "the Finger Ring"; the next level in nerf combat, the "Nerf Nuke"; and nicotine replacement device "Nic-O-Dick." Additionally, each episode of this farewell season will end with a segment of an extended re-imagining of the Civil War as a war on drugs (as only the Kids could do).
3690	PhoneShop	PhoneShop	Comedy	5.0	On High Street UK the priority is to 'shift units, make money, smash targets...' and no one knows that better than the staff of PhoneShop.
3697	Shooting Stars	Shooting Stars	Comedy	7.0	Cult comedy panel show hosted by Vic Reeves and Bob Mortimer, with celebrity guests, surreal humour and an absurd challenge for one lucky member of the winning team.
3704	My Love from Another Star	My Love from Another Star	Drama	none	Do Min-Joon is an alien who landed on Earth 400 years ago during the Joseon Dynasty period. He possesses a near-perfect appearance and enhanced physical abilities involving his vision, hearing and speed. He holds a cynical view to human beings, but he falls in love with the beautiful actress Cheon Song-Yi.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The First Record	Drama	none	Do Min Joon, an alien who landed in Korea 400 years ago, discovers that he has three months left on Earth. And that is when he meets Cheon Song Yi, the biggest Hallyu star in Korea.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Second Record	Drama	none	Min Joon embarrasses Song Yi in public while she films for a documentary special about her daily life.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Third Record	Drama	none	Song Yi suffers from appendicitis, and forces Min Joon to take her to the hospital. He takes the opportunity to protect her from his premonition.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Fourth Record	Drama	none	When an actress dies from an accident, Song Yi is immediately the target for blame. She seeks refuge in Min Joon's apartment, uncovering secrets that he'd like to keep buried.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Fifth Record	Drama	none	Song Yi hides away in Min Joon's apartment after the suspicious death of fellow actress Han Yoo Ra. Prosecutor Yoo Suk begins an investigation to look into whether her death was a suicide or not.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Sixth Record	Drama	none	Following the Han Yoo Ra scandal, Song Yi postpones renewing her contract with her management.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Seventh Record	Drama	none	As the threats intensify, Song Yi turns to Min Joon for help. He slowly becomes more human-like by being around her so often, and agrees to be her temporary manager.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Eighth Record	Drama	none	Song Yi thinks stress is contributing to her "hallucinations" of Min Joon saving her. The investigation intensifies as witnesses to Jae Kyung and Yoo Ra's relationship begin to disappear.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Ninth Record	Drama	none	Min Joon gets sick after he shares a kiss with Song Yi. Se Mi decides to finally meet Min Joon for herself.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Tenth Record	Drama	none	Song Yi has difficulty dealing with her feelings for Min Joon, who's also trying to distance himself from her and not reveal his true nature to anyone.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Eleventh Record	Drama	none	Jae Kyung will go at any lengths to get Song Yi and Min Joon. Jae Kyung begins to view his brother in a different light.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Twelfth Record	Drama	none	Song Yi refuses to hear what Se Mi has to say about her savior from 12 years ago. Min Joon recovers from his injuries but realizes that his heart is now broken.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Thirteenth Record	Drama	none	Min Joon does his best to distance himself from Song Yi and hold up his end of the deal with Jae Kyung.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Fourteenth Record	Drama	none	When Song Yi's wires break while shooting, it's a game to the death with no holds barred between Min Joon and Jae Kyung.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Fifteenth Record	Drama	none	Song Yi recovers from her injuries but Hee Kyung is still in a coma. Min Joon can't stay away from protecting Song Yi.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Sixteenth Record	Drama	none	Min Joon and Song Yi admit their feelings for one another and start dating, but his departure date looms near.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Seventeenth Record	Drama	none	Hee Kyung won't stop until he finds his sister-in-law and uncovers his brother's dark secrets. Song Yi and Min Joon can't deal with the fact that he'll need to leave in a month.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Eighteenth Record	Drama	none	Min Joon's powers weaken as he stays on Earth longer than he should. Hee Kyung discovers his brother's true self but it will be more difficult than it seems to have him pay for his crimes.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Nineteenth Record	Drama	none	Hee Kyung must find a way to stop Jae Kyung before he himself ends up on his brother's hit list. Song Yi discovers the price Min Joon must pay if he stays with her.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Twentieth Record	Drama	none	With one week left before he leaves, Song Yi and Min Joon spend each day as if they had seventy more years left together.
3704	My Love from Another Star	The Last Record	Drama	none	Do Min Joon's departure is too difficult to bear for Song Yi, even three years later.
3705	Angel Eyes	Angel Eyes	Drama	none	Park Dong-joo and Yoon Soo-wan were two teenagers that fell in love but were then separated by unfortunate family circumstances. Soo-wan had been blind but recovered her sight after a successful eye transplant surgery. Feeling grateful for the donor, she decided to become an emergency rescue worker. Meanwhile, Dong-joo has become a successful surgeon which eventually leads to their paths crossing again.
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 01	Drama	none	Their lives connected by a tragedy, Park Dong-joo falls for the blind and lonely Yoon Soo-wan. It's a beginning of an innocent and pure love
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 02	Drama	none	Soo-wan misses another chance to regain her eyesight on her birthday. Miss Jung-hwa gets into an accident.
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 03	Drama	none	Dong-joo comes back as a doctor after years abroad. Soo-wan has moved on and become a stronger, different person.
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 04	Drama	none	Seeing how happy Soo-wan is, Dong-joo keeps his identity a secret. Soo-wan struggles to figure out why the new doctor is so familiar.
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 05	Drama	none	Ji-woon wants to bring Soo-wan and Dong-joo together as friends. Meanwhile the two disguise their feelings for each other with hostility.
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 06	Drama	none	Dong-joo's identity is exposed, and Soo-wan must deal with it. Their father wants Dong-joo to leave.
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 07	Drama	none	Dong-joo leaves Soo-wan again. Broken-hearted, she tells Ji-woon her true feelings.
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 08	Drama	none	Dong-joo starts working at the EMT with Soo-wan. The couple tries to tell Ji-woon the truth
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 09	Drama	none	Soo-wan and Dong-joo reunite despite everyone else's disapproval. Hae-joo looks for a part-time job.
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 10	Drama	none	The families officially break off the engagement. Soo-wan discovers one of her father's secrets.
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 11	Drama	none	Director Yoon wants Soo-wan and Dong-joo to leave the country. The investigation of Miss Jung-hwa's accident unravels.
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 12	Drama	none	The police chief attempts to get the detectives off the hit-and-run case. Dong-joo learns the true nature of his mother's death.
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 13	Drama	none	Dong-joo starts to believe the truth about his mother's death, and wants to leave Korea with Soo-wan.
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 14	Drama	none	Soo-wan finds out the identity of her eye donor and is devastated. The rest of the truth slowly unveils itself.
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 15	Drama	none	Soo-wan learns the truth and confronts her father. Director Yoon's illness catches up with him.
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 16	Drama	none	Soo-wan breaks up with Dong-joo. Another side of the accident unveils itself.
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 17	Drama	none	Ji-woon learns the true extent of his mother's involvement in the murder.
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 18	Drama	none	The detectives trap the culprits with new evidence. Ji-woon takes action, and Dong-joo and Soo-wan handle the aftermath.
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 19	Drama	none	Soo-wan leaves Dong-joo behind to find herself.
3705	Angel Eyes	Episode 20	Drama	none	Dong-joo goes to get Soo-wan back, who learns the true meaning of goodbye.
3707	City Hunter	City Hunter	Action	10.0	Not long after his birth in October 9, 1983, the same day as the notorious bombing at Aung San in Myanmar, Lee Yoon-sung is kidnapped and raised by Jin-pyo believing Jin-pyo is his father. Trained like a special military agent spending years in deadly places like the Golden Triangle, deserts and battlefields, Yoon-sung becomes the most capable man who can survive in any situation anywhere.
3707	City Hunter	Episode 01	Action	10.0	Jin-pyo is now a ruthless drug lord living in the Golden Triangle with a secret past who raises Yoon-sung to be a skilled soldier. Jin-pyo tells Yoon-sung the true story of his past and Yoon-sung vows to exact revenge on the five men involved in the killing of his father.
3707	City Hunter	Episode 02	Action	10.0	Yoon-sung is living in Seoul with a new identity where he meets Nana and both find out they are assigned to guard the President's daughter, who is a handful. Yoon-sung and Nana get to know each other and Yoon-sung is given the first target for revenge, Senator Lee.
3707	City Hunter	Episode 03	Action	10.0	After filling out all the necessary paperwork, Yoon-sung manages to get a hold of the document from the government subsidies program that ensures poor families get meals. Yoon-sung is trying to keep a low and unlikely profile while he works on his plot for revenge.
3707	City Hunter	Episode 04	Action	10.0	The former two Presidential Security Service bodyguards, Yoon-sung and Jin-pyo are in deep conflict with each other. They can't agree on how to punish the five criminals. Jin-pyo makes the suggestion that whoever finds the next subject shall decide how to take the long-awaited revenge.
3707	City Hunter	Episode 05	Action	10.0	Authorities are hot on Jin-pyo's tail. They amp up security and try to catch him in the elevator where he has no escape.
3707	City Hunter	Episode 06	Action	10.0	Nana yells at Yoon-sung because he bought her house but she ends up living with him. Prosecutor Young-joo discovers Lee Kyung-wan and Seo Yong-hak were long-time friends. Both Young-joo and Yoon-sung discover more of Seo Yong-hak's evil plans. Nana and Young-joo find Yoon-sung with Sae-hee in a hotel room.
3707	City Hunter	Episode 07	Action	10.0	Nana and Yoon-sung help Ajumeoni get home, where Yoon-sung reveals he never knew his mother and later Ajumeoni learns of her son's fate.
3707	City Hunter	Episode 08	Action	10.0	Nana has found the City Hunter. She grabs a gun and proceeds to open fire, and shoots him in the back.
3707	City Hunter	Episode 09	Action	10.0	In an intense, and deadly game of Russian Roulette, Jin-pyo takes all but one bullet from his gun and demands that his hostage tells him the names of the others involved in that deadly incident of 1983. There was a bomb that killed the South Korean president and several other high ranking officials.
3707	City Hunter	Episode 10	Action	10.0	Yoon-sung and Young-joo are surprised to see each other at the hospital. Since they both arrived at the same time, they are both left with the task of verifying the victim and all of the many suspects involved in the incident.
3707	City Hunter	Episode 11	Action	10.0	With a stroke of luck and an act of swift thinking, Nana rescues Yoon-sung in the National Forensic Service. Nana's timing couldn't have been better, because Yoon-sung was a mere seconds away from being discovered by the Prosecutor Young-joo.
3707	City Hunter	Episode 12	Action	10.0	A few moments before the room spins and everything goes black, Nana tells Yoon-sung that she is glad that he was not the one who got shot. As soon as Nana says those words, she falls unconscious.
3707	City Hunter	Episode 13	Action	10.0	With Yoon-sung locked inside the market and Nana standing outside the parking lot, Jin-pyo comes screeching towards her on a motorcycle
3707	City Hunter	Episode 14	Action	10.0	Caught between certain downfall and death, Jong-shik lets go of the railing and falls to the highway below, hitting a car's windshield and landing on concrete.
3707	City Hunter	Episode 16	Action	10.0	Young-joo's use of Yoon-sung's Thai name stops the latter in his tracks.
3707	City Hunter	Episode 17	Action	10.0	President Choi walks up and hands Yoon-sung the volume that he's looking for.
3707	City Hunter	Episode 18	Action	10.0	Jin-pyo gets ambushed at home by Chun's minions.
3707	City Hunter	Episode 20	Action	10.0	Yoon-sung must choose whether he will take the high road and expose the crooks or let someone close to him get off just this once.
3709	Sable	Sable	Action	none	Based on the popular 80s comic book, former big-game hunter, Jon Sable returns to the States and takes up a career as a children's book writer. No one but his close circle of allies knows that he is also the mystery vigilante stalking the city and fighting crime.
3710	Sea Hunt	Sea Hunt	Action	none	Mike Nelson is a former Navy SCUBA diver who goes independent. Now Mike will go anywhere, take on any underwater challenge... and deal with any danger along the way.
3711	She Spies	She Spies	Action	none	Three female ex-cons are recruited by the government to serve as an elite team of spies for a secret government agency. Laced with humor and slapstick, the show sobered up somewhat in its second season, and the She Spies got a new leader and IT guy.
3712	She Wolf of London	She Wolf of London	Action	none	While touring the UK and planning to meet mythology professor Ian Matheson, graduate student Randi Wallace is bitten by a werewolf. Now when the full is moon, Randi transforms into a werewolf herself. With the aid of Ian and his unwitting family, Randi and Ian investigate other supernatural incidents in England. After 14 episodes, the joint-production UK/American crew migrated to L.A. where Ian got a job as a talk-show host and acquired an agent, Skip Seville. The show was retitled Love and Curses, and was cancelled after six more episodes.
3713	Switch	Switch	Drama	6.0	Pete Ryan is a smooth-talking con man, and bunco cop Frank MacBride is the man who put him away. When Pete gets out and Frank retires, they decide to form a detective agency using their knowledge of crime and cons to take down the bad guys. Helping them are their secretary Maggie and Pete's shady acquaintance, Malcolm.
3715	Hex	Hex	Drama	7.5	The show opens with a girl named Cassie who yearns to be popular and liked in her school. She wishes she was in the "in-crowd", however, she goes about unnoticed in school every day. The only girl who truly notices her is her best friend Thelma. For some strange reason though, Cassie feels like she is being followed by a man. This is only the beginning of her problem...
3715	Hex	The Story Begins: Part 1	Drama	7.5	Cassie must face her destiny when she is unwittingly led to unleash a curse at her public school.
3715	Hex	The Story Begins: Part 2	Drama	7.5	Cassie begins to have disturbing dreams, as Azazeal makes the sacrifice he needs to regain his strength.
3715	Hex	Life Goes On	Drama	7.5	Cassie continues to have sightings of Azazeal, and Thelma is worried. Troy, meanwhile, begins to finally show interest in Cassie.
3715	Hex	Deeper Into the Darkness	Drama	7.5	Azazeal, desperate, manipulates Cassie through her mother.
3715	Hex	Possession	Drama	7.5	Thelma, unable to get through to Cassie, resorts to extreme measures. Meanwhile, Cassie is being brutal to Troy.
3715	Hex	The Release	Drama	7.5	Cassie must resist Azazeal to do the right thing, but he's working behind the scenes to get what he desires and Thelma fears for her existence.
3715	Hex	Cursed	Drama	7.5	Cassie begins having nightmares and is stalked by the Nephelim, all the while she and Thelma search for the baby.
3715	Hex	Death Takes the Mother	Drama	7.5	Cassie attempts to steal her baby back from Azazeal, as Ella prepares for the ritual, and another sacrifice is made.
3715	Hex	Spiral	Drama	7.5	Ella toys with Leon to draw a seraph out, Roxanne continues with her plan of seduction, and Thelma negotiates with Azazeal.
3715	Hex	Ella Burns	Drama	7.5	Thelma's deal with Azazeal has tragic results for Ella.
3715	Hex	With a Little Help from My Friends: Part 1	Drama	7.5	With Ella declared a Section 2, Thelma turns to Leon for her rescue.
3715	Hex	With a Little Help from My Friends: Part 2	Drama	7.5	Ella gets sicker as mortality creeps up on her, and Malachi's behaviour concerns Azazeal.
3715	Hex	Noir	Drama	7.5	Ella and Thelma set about the overthrow of Jez, and Malachi hits town with surprising results.
3715	Hex	Where the Heart Is	Drama	7.5	Malachi begins to pursue Ella in earnest, Thelma gains a companion, and Leon makes a misstep.
3715	Hex	Doomed	Drama	7.5	Malachi's and Ella's feelings for each other cause physical problems, Leon plays it cool, and Thelma worries about a mark on Maya.
3715	Hex	You Lose	Drama	7.5	Ella has done a complete turn-about and is slavishly catering to Malachi who's exploring his newly discovered powers, and it's up to Leon again to save the day - unless Thelma gets in his way.
3715	Hex	Hole	Drama	7.5	Malachi finds the source of his power, and Ella's means of diminishing it have repercussions for Thelma.
3715	Hex	Seven Deadly Sins	Drama	7.5	Malachi schemes to reach Leon and Tom, and Thelma's loss helps her choose sides.
3715	Hex	The Showdown	Drama	7.5	The countdown begins to the end of days, and help comes from an unlikely source.
3721	Stargate: Infinity	Stargate: Infinity	Action	7.0	Inspired by the blockbuster feature film and its two popular television spinoffs: Stargate: SG-1 and Stargate: Atlantis, Stargate: Infinity further explores the universe through the eyes of those few who are brave enough to venture through the mysterious Stargate.This animated series chronicles a generation after the SGC first stepped through the alien device known as the Stargate. The war with the evil parasitic Goa uld is won. The once top-secret Stargate Command and its work have been declassified, and beings from other worlds are living among us.But now there s a new threat and Major Gus Bonner must lead a group of young SGC cadets through the Stargate to protect the life of an Ancient from hostile new enemies.
3722	Stephen King's It	Stephen King's It	Horror	8.5	A creature from beyond the stars can take on the shape of your worst fear... or a clown, because everyone loves clowns. Every 27 years the creature--It--emerges from hibernation to feed on children. But seven children stopped It during its last cycle. Now It is back, and the children who had the power of faith and imagination are 27 years older... and may be easy prey.
3723	T.H.E. Cat	T.H.E. Cat	Action	none	Out of the night comes a man who saves lives at the risk of his own. Once a circus performer; an aerialist who refused the net. Once a cat burglar; a master among jewel thieves. And now, a professional bodyguard. Primitive, savage, in love with danger--The Cat!Part Gypsy by birth, Thomas Hewitt Edward Cat lives up to his name, having worked as a circus acrobat and a cat burglar. Now he works as a bodyguard, hiring his services out to those who can afford him. But it's not just money that The Cat is after: it's the thrill of danger and the challenge of the chase.
3724	Tenspeed & Brownshoe	Tenspeed & Brownshoe	Comedy	none	Jeff Goldblum is Lionel Whitney, an accountant fascinated by the noir detective novels of fictional PI Mark Savage. During the events leading up to his wedding, Lionel crosses paths with E.L. "Tenspeed" Turner (Ben Vereen), a smooth-talking fast-thinking con artist. When Tenspeed needs a job to make parole, Lionel fulfills his life's ambition, start a detective agency, and hires Tenspeed as his partner. Now the two men take on whatever cases come their way.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Drama	10.0	Park Bok-nyeo is a housekeeper who keeps her feelings — and her past — to herself. With a cold and mysterious air, she sweeps into the home of the newly widowed Eun Sang-chul and his four children, who are in desperate need of reconciliation. Can this antisocial woman not only keep the house together, but also the family? At this point, Sang-chul will take any help he can get, even if it's in the form of a creepy Mary Poppins figure.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Episode 01	Drama	10.0	After the death of their mother, the Eun family hires a housekeeper that is emotionless and strictly obedient.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Episode 02	Drama	10.0	Han-gyul discovers the truth about her mother's death and what caused it.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Episode 03	Drama	10.0	The children leave the house after finding out about their dad's affair.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Episode 04	Drama	10.0	The children kick their dad out of the house and force him to live in a hotel while Bok-nyeo takes care of them.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Episode 05	Drama	10.0	After receiving a letter saying that Bok-nyeo is a murderer, Doo-gyul tries to get to the bottom of it.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Episode 06	Drama	10.0	The other children want their dad to return but Han-gyul refuses to accept him.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Episode 07	Drama	10.0	The children invite Sang-chul to come back home, but only on one condition.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Episode 08	Drama	10.0	Sang-chul tries to find out how to prove that he loves his kids.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Episode 09	Drama	10.0	The children make more attempts to find out about Bok-nyeo's past.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Episode 10	Drama	10.0	Bok-nyeo finally reveals the story of her past.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Episode 11	Drama	10.0	Bok-nyeo is determined to discover the true identity of Jang Do-hyung.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Episode 12	Drama	10.0	Outside forces stand in the way of Bok-nyeo becoming a part of the Eun family.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Episode 13	Drama	10.0	At the kids' request, Bok-nyeo agrees to become their new mother.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Episode 14	Drama	10.0	Song-hwa, at the request of Bok-nyeo, does some investigation on Do-hyung.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Episode 16	Drama	10.0	In lieu of getting married to Do-hyung soon, Bok-nyeo becomes cold to the children to detach herself from them.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Episode 17	Drama	10.0	Bok-nyeo goes on a trip with Do-hyung to her hometown with the suspicion that he is actually Seo Ji-hoon.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Episode 18	Drama	10.0	Bok Nyeo tries to bring Do-hyung, who she believes to be Ji-hoon, to justice.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Episode 19	Drama	10.0	Bok-nyeo agrees to become their mom but in doing so, the children get something totally unexpected.
3725	The Suspicious Housekeeper	Episode 20	Drama	10.0	The Gyul family asks Bok-nyeo for one last favor: to smile.
3726	Rebellion	Rebellion	Drama	none	Rebellion is a five part serial drama about the birth of modern Ireland.The story is told from the perspectives of a group of fictional characters who live through the political events of the 1916 Easter Rising.
3728	The Mist	The Mist	Drama	none	"The Mist", first a Stephen King novella and then a 2007 MGM film directed by Frank Darabont will tell an original story about a seemingly innocuous mist that seeps into a small town but contains limitless havoc. From psychological terrors to otherworldly creatures, the mist causes the town residents' darkest demons to appear forcing them to battle the supernatural event and, more importantly, each other.
3729	Trapped	Trapped	Drama	none	"Trapped" centers on a troubled cop investigating a grisly murder when his small Icelandic town is hit by a powerful blizzard, trapping the villagers and most likely the killer in the town.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	A Gentleman's Dignity	Drama	none	A Gentleman's Dignity is a drama about the careers and love lives of urban professionals. It tells the story of four men in their forties as they go through love, breakup, success and failure. Kim Do-jin, an architect with a scathing tongue, has a romantic relationship with strict high school teacher Seo Yi-soo, who moonlights as an umpire at amateur baseball games. Im Tae-san is dating a cold-hearted woman but wonders if there is someone else out there for him. Choi Yoon tries to heal his heart after losing his wife seven years ago. Lee Jung-rok marries an older woman for money but may lose his comfortable lifestyle in a divorce.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	Episode 01	Drama	none	Yi-soo likes Tae-san but he goes on a date with Sae-ra, her roommate.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	Episode 02	Drama	none	Meari's meddling brings about some strange consequences for the singles. Instead of coming clean, Yi-soo chooses to lie and profess her love to Do-jin for Tae-san's benefit.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	Episode 03	Drama	none	Yi-soo refuses to answer her phone when Do-jin calls. Se-ra believes Yi-soo either loves Do-jin or hates him.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	Episode 04	Drama	none	After Jung-rok swallows his wedding ring, Yoon lets it slip to Do-jin that he likes Maeri. Se-ra finds a copy of Tae-san's yearbook photo in Yi-soo's possession and figures out that they both like Tae-san.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	Episode 05	Drama	none	Se-ra has figured out that Yi-soo has feelings for Tae-san. She hasn't yet said that she's willing to give him up, but she wants Yi-soo to admit her feelings.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	Episode 06	Drama	none	Consumed with jealousy, Se-ra reveals the truth about Yi-soo's crush to Tae-san. However, things start to heat up between Do-jin and Yi-soo.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	Episode 07	Drama	none	Tae-san lets Yi-soo know that he really likes Se-ra. After Se-ra confronts Yi-soo about her feelings for Tae-san, Yi-soo decides that she wouldn't mind dating younger guys.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	Episode 08	Drama	none	Tae-san has an issue with Yoon having feelings for his sister. However, he is put into an even worse position when Meari confesses her requited love for Yoon.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	Episode 09	Drama	none	Do-jin is happy to see Yi-soo wearing his gift until he thinks she's falsely declaring her love for him again. Unbeknownst to both of them, Yi-soo is actually falling for him.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	Episode 10	Drama	none	After misunderstanding Yi-soo's intentions for him, Do-jin has decided not to see Yi-soo again. However, Yi-soo realizes her feelings for him and tries to straighten everything out.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	Episode 11	Drama	none	Do-jin and Yi-soo manage to clear the air, but Do-jin wants to balance out the relationship. In order to even the score, Do-jin creates a checklist of one-sided tasks for Yi-soo to complete.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	Episode 12	Drama	none	Tae-san and Se-ra find themselves at odds and end up getting into the biggest fight of their relationship.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	Episode 13	Drama	none	Tae-san continues to struggle with the idea of Meari and Yoon's age difference and he is unwilling to accept their love for each other. In the meantime, the guys can no longer ignore Colin and have to make a decision.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	Episode 14	Drama	none	As each person wonders about Colin's paternity, each couple experiences their own set of misunderstandings and unnecessary accusations are thrown.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	Episode 15	Drama	none	Yi Soo is still hurting but she's in the mood for revenge. Jung-rok, Tae-san and Yoon are adjusting to having a new family member but end up accidentally embarrassing him.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	Episode 16	Drama	none	Yi-soo is struggling to accept the reality of Do-jin's relationship with Colin, but in time she comes to a decision to fight for her relationship. In a strange turn of events, Colin is sent to Yi-soo's school and is placed in her homeroom.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	Episode 17	Drama	none	After all of his unsuccessful attempts to push her away, Do-jin is open to the possibility of having a relationship with Yi-soo. The other couples continue to move forward.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	Episode 18	Drama	none	Yoon is finally able to confess his feelings for Maeri. Do-jin is able to impress Yi-soo's co-workers by treating them to dinner.
3730	A Gentleman's Dignity	Episode 19	Drama	none	Although he was initially angry, Tae-san is willing to accept his sister's relationship under one big condition.
3731	Law & Order: You the Jury	Law & Order: You the Jury	Drama	none	"Law & Order: You the Jury" puts the power of the law directly into viewers' hands with real life legal cases. The audience serves as the jury and will not only determine the verdict, but will also be able to vote throughout the trial on the veracity of witnesses and persuasiveness of evidence.Wolf, Magical Elves' Dan Cutforth and Jane Lipsitz and Wolf Reality's Tom Thayer executive produce.
3732	Emergency Couple	Emergency Couple	Drama	none	Jin-hee, a dietitian, and Chang-min, a medical student, fall in love and marry despite Chang-min's family's disapproval. Chang-min gave up his medical internship and started working as a pharmaceutical salesman. Ultimately, their marriage is not a happy one and Chang-min's family's constant disapproval of Jin-hee leads to him treating her poorly. They divorce and try to go their separate ways until they become interns for the same hospital.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 01	Drama	none	After a messy divorce, Jin-hee and Chang-min reunite six years later in a very unexpected way.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 02	Drama	none	They couldn't stay married for a year, can Jin-hee and Chang-min work at the same hosptial for a year?
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 03	Drama	none	Jin-hee's impulsive decision almost costs Chang-min his life. An unexpected power outage in the hospital threatens the life of a patient.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 04	Drama	none	Stepping up to try and save a patients life could come back to hurt Jin-hee. Chang-min learns the truth about Ah-reum's identity.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 05	Drama	none	Jin-hee is assigned to monitor Chang-min's mother when she's admitted to the hospital. Meanwhile, Jin-hee and Chang-min's elevator surgery has consequences that affect the ER.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 06	Drama	none	The consequences from the elevator surgery continues to follow Jin-hee and has her questioning whether she still wants to be a doctor.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 07	Drama	none	Jin-hee and Chief Gook start to become closer, both inside and outside of the hospital. Ah-reum continues to pursue Chang-min.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 08	Drama	none	Chang-min becomes jealous when he notices Jin-hee and Chief Gook spending a lot of time together. Jin-ae's husband and son show up on Jin-hee's doorstep.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 09	Drama	none	Things get awkward between Jin-hee and Chief Gook after another drunken night. Jin-hee's nephew gets sick and is rushed to the ER.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 10	Drama	none	Chang-min attempts to become closer to Jin-hee again. Chang-min's mother insists that he gets married to Ah-reum.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 11	Drama	none	Chang-min continues his quest to rekindle the feelings that he and Jin-hee once had for each other. Chief Gook has to deal with past feelings of his own.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 12	Drama	none	Chang-min forces Jin-hee to stay at his place so she can recover faster and uses this as an opportunity to spend more time together.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 13	Drama	none	Though Chang-min is clear about his intentions towards Jin-hee, his feelings may be one-sided.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 14	Drama	none	Chang-min finally realizes how much Jin-hee has suffered after their divorce. Chief becomes close to a child patient that reminds him of his younger self.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 15	Drama	none	As Chang-min tries to respect Jin-hee's feelings, their mothers let their secret of the bag. Chang-min's father's health issues are not getting any better.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 16	Drama	none	Chang-min's father's life hangs on a very thin line. Yong-gyu contemplates giving up becoming a doctor.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 17	Drama	none	Chief gets reprimanded for his altercation in the ER. Jin-hee rushes to Chang-min's side after he falls ill.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 18	Drama	none	Chang-min and his mother struggle to overcome the sudden loss while Jin-hee comes to realize her true feelings.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 19	Drama	none	Jin-hee decides her feelings for Chang-min are something she wants to pursue.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 20	Drama	none	While things seem to be going smooth between Jin-hee and Chang-min, the hospital is hectic when Professor Ahn and Chief Gook argue over a patient.
3732	Emergency Couple	Episode 21	Drama	none	The aftermath of the latest spat with Professor Ahn helps Chief Gook to realize some of his feelings. Chang-min and Jin-hee start to think about their future.
3733	Secret Garden	Secret Garden	Drama	none	Kim Joo-won is the arrogant, eccentric heir to a large company who is poised to inherit a large department store. He constantly rejects the girls his matchmaking mother sends his way. When he meets Gil Ra-im, a beautiful, driven stunt-woman, she changes his life as he becomes fascinated by her strength and vulnerability.One day, a magical incident occurs and they find that they have switched bodies.
3733	Secret Garden	Episode 01	Drama	none	Ra-im stars in a high-profile action film as the stunt woman for actress Park Chae-rin, who is Oska's latest fling. When Chae-rin blackmails Oska with photos, Joo-won is asked to step in and defuse the situation.
3733	Secret Garden	Episode 02	Drama	none	Joo-won is intrigued by Ra-im and her job. He decides to join her action school so that he can see her more often.
3733	Secret Garden	Episode 03	Drama	none	Ra-im's colleagues are surprised that she has connections with Joo-won, but she dislikes the scrutiny. Jong-soo keeps his feelings for Ra-im under wraps.
3733	Secret Garden	Episode 04	Drama	none	Joo-won insults Ra-im for her lack of wealth, but he can't get her out of his mind. Oska tries to recruit singer-composer Tae-sun to be his protégée.
3733	Secret Garden	Episode 05	Drama	none	Oska isn't pleased to find that his ex, Seul, is the director of his music video. A bike race gone wrong leads to surprising consequences for Joo-won and Ra-im.
3733	Secret Garden	Episode 06	Drama	none	Joo-won and Ra-im try to figure out how to switch back without arousing suspicion from others.
3733	Secret Garden	Episode 07	Drama	none	Still stuck in each other's bodies, Joo-won and Ra-im have to live out each other's lives, but their differing personalities confuse the people around them.
3733	Secret Garden	Episode 08	Drama	none	Ra-im and Joo-won use their new-found positions to annoy each other and play with Oska and Seul's feelings.
3733	Secret Garden	Episode 09	Drama	none	A rainstorm allows Ra-im and Joo-won to switch back to their lives, but remnants of the other's presence still remain. Oska is rocked by a plagiarism scandal.
3733	Secret Garden	Episode 10	Drama	none	Unable to forget Ra-im, Joo-won decides to see her for three months, which garners his mother and Oska's disapproval.
3733	Secret Garden	Episode 11	Drama	none	Joo-won and Ra-im break up but they both harbor feelings for each other. Passive aggressiveness and confrontation ensue between Oska and Seul.
3733	Secret Garden	Episode 12	Drama	none	Joo-won's mother threatens to send Ra-im to another country if he does not start going on blind dates again.
3733	Secret Garden	Episode 13	Drama	none	At the mountain retreat that the action school goes to, Ra-im realizes how attracted she is to Joo-won. Oska finds out who leaked his plagiarized song.
3733	Secret Garden	Episode 14	Drama	none	Romance develops between Ra-im and Joo-won. When it rains again, they switch bodies which causes a series of mix ups.
3733	Secret Garden	Episode 15	Drama	none	With no choice, Ra-im and Joo-won reveal their secret to Oska and Jong-soo. Ra-im gets Joo-won to audition for Dark Blood in her place.
3733	Secret Garden	Episode 16	Drama	none	Ra-im rushes to Joo-won's side after his claustrophobia attack.
3733	Secret Garden	Episode 17	Drama	none	Ra-im tries to break up with Joo-won after learning the truth from his mother. She finds out whether she won the starring role in Dark Blood.
3733	Secret Garden	Episode 18	Drama	none	Only magic can save Ra-im and Joo-won, but when he wakes up, something very unexpected happens to him.
3733	Secret Garden	Episode 19	Drama	none	Things start to look up for Oska both personally and professionally with Seul and Joo-won runs back to Ra-im.
3735	Football Town: Barrow, Alaska	Football Town: Barrow, Alaska	Drama	none	"Football Town: Barrow, Alaska" will follow a high school team located in the remotest of regions as they try to win their school's first state championship. Featuring amazing shots of Alaska it introduces us to the town of Barrow, where the local team, the Whalers, plays football on a field sandwiched between a frozen lagoon and the Arctic Ocean. "There are no roads in, and life is lived below zero," says the narrator. "But in Barrow, Alaska, football offers a ray of hope."
3735	Football Town: Barrow, Alaska	Pilot	Drama	none	The incredible journey of Alaska's Barrow High School Football team and what it takes to play football at the top of the world.
3735	Football Town: Barrow, Alaska	Episode 2	Drama	none	As the summer sun finally begins to set, The Barrow Whalers face the gauntlet of Hell Week in preparation for their first game.
3735	Football Town: Barrow, Alaska	Episode 3	Drama	none	Because of its location, 500 miles north of the Arctic Circle, its all about the love of the game for the Barrow High School football team.
3736	Wallykazam!	Wallykazam!	Comedy	none	"Wallykazam!" is about Wally Trollman is an adventurous 6-year-old troll with a power that lets him make words come to life using a magic stick. Wally uses those words to transform the world around him by creating objects that start with the same letter as the first letter in the word he has animated -- such as creating a castle and catapult out of words that begin with C. Wally uses his magic for more than fun, though; he uses it to solve problems, help friends, and overcome the antics of resident troublemaker Bobgoblin. But the young troll must be careful because his magic stick sometimes creates unexpected results that can make the entire forest go dark or send his house galloping away. Going with Wally on his adventures are pet dragon Norville and friends Gina Giant, Ogre Doug and Libby Light Sprite.
3736	Wallykazam!	Critter Campers	Comedy	none	Bobgoblin borrows his uncle's dragon in order to join Wally and Norville's scouting group for children and their pets.
3736	Wallykazam!	The Big Cake Mistake	Comedy	none	Wally and Norville are surprised to discover that Cake Monster now works at the bakery - it's his first day! But when Barbara Baker gets called away for a baking emergency, Wally has to help the mistake-prone monster run the bakery alone.They fill strange orders, make a wild pie delivery, and even stop a giant cake from growing out of control!
3738	Alfred Hitchcock Presents	Alfred Hitchcock Presents	Drama	8.0	In this half-hour anthology series, master of the macabre Alfred Hitchcock introduces and concludes tales of suspense and crime. Hitchcock's speeches are filled with black humor and jabs at his network sponsors. In 1962, the series expanded to an hour and was renamed The Alfred Hitchcock Hour.
3739	The Alfred Hitchcock Hour	The Alfred Hitchcock Hour	Drama	7.0	Previously Alfred Hitchcock Presents, the series expanded to an hour. Master of the macabre Alfred Hitchcock introduces and concludes tales of suspense and crime. Hitchcock's speeches are filled with black humor and jabs at his network sponsors.
3740	Space Rangers	Space Rangers	Action	10.0	"Space Rangers" is an intergalactic action-adventure in the best tradition of "Star Wars". Created by Pen Densham, "Space Rangers" is a compelling story about a group of adventurers for whom no task is too great. This six part miniseries features an ongoing cast of rugged, likeable peacekeepers who must do battle against a new set of obstacles in each of six closed-end episodes. The year is 2104. Explorers have stretched civilization to the farthest reaches of the galaxy establishing remote outposts. They've discovered new worlds and learned to share them with new races. A few elite men and women have volunteered to go to the frontier, not to rule, but to uphold the law. These are the "Space Rangers", part Peacekeepers, part Marines. Much like the pioneers or cavalry before them, who tamed the Wild West, the "Space Rangers" have left behind their old, comfortable life to seek new frontiers and challenges. With this quest come new enemies as well. None are as fierce as the "Banshies", who are akin to the Apaches to those who were trying to colonize the Old West. These brutal warriors are the greatest fear and impediment in the galaxy. While "Space Rangers" deals with life on the frontier, the program also addresses our current problems in a futuristic setting. Topics such as honor, responsibility or losing one's job to automation underscore the adventurous elements in each episode. This sense of morality or "message" is subtely interspliced into each episode, taking "Space Rangers" one step beyond the average sci-fi show.
3740	Space Rangers	Space Rangers (Fort Hope)	Action	10.0	When a pod reaches Fort Hope with only 1 passenger, the stranger talks about a transport ship that didn't survive. Boon's former Captain and former Ranger Decker and Graaka High-Priest Nazzer. It went down on Skaraab, a lifless, sun-scorched planet that happens to be the home of a sacred Graaka burial ground. Daniel Kincaid, a new team member with a fresh respective comes on board. Zylyn tells Boon about a legend where an ancient weapon that has been hidden for a thousand years that is protected by deadly vegetation. The Rangers race to save them. However, the mission could cost them more than they want.
3740	Space Rangers	The Replacements	Action	10.0	While the Rangers are trying to find out who is behind a mining ship's hijacking, the Rangers are given the assignment of taking care of an android troubleshooter called "ringer". They soon feel that the ship is being used by Isogul, a Hobbaba crime lord who has smuggled "Exjay", a powerful drug. However, before they can prove, they have to return it. They find out the plans of Colonel Weiss to replace all the Space Rangers with androids.
3740	Space Rangers	Banshees	Action	10.0	When the Rangers get the command to trap on of the most deadliest space predators known as "banshees", a young boy in the Blood Nebula with some of them. As per request from Colonel Weiss, they board and lose the boy. They learn the real reason why the boy has been able to live among the creatures. They fight to save their own lives against the creatures they have no idea what they are all about.
3740	Space Rangers	Death Before Dishonour	Action	10.0	When Captain Boon accidentally offends the Vee'Lons, a race of reptilian warriors twice, Prince Gor'Dah, the Vee'Lon's dignitary, declares war on Fort Hope and Centeral Command and sentences everyone to death. Central Command's Ambassador, Hardcastle, is assassinated and Weiss and Chennault are the ship's only defense to save the crew from execution. Boon challenges Prince Gor'Dah to a duel to the death.
3740	Space Rangers	The Trial	Action	10.0	A murder of another Graakan happens and Zylyn is accused of committing it. The rangers don't manage to get him legal defense and are forced to defend him themselves. They hunt for evidence to find out the real murderer because of their rational of a conspiracy. Isogul, the Hobbaba crime lord, plans to destroy the Space Ranger's defense from inside. He plans to take over Fort Hope, but the Rangers are ready and are determined to stop Isogul once and for all.
3740	Space Rangers	The Entertainer	Action	10.0	Lenny Hacker, a comedian past his prime, crashes on Katraz, a prison planet that has no guards and where no one leaves. The Rangers, who are desperate of escaping another dress rehearsal for the visit of General Kincaid (Danny's Father), go to rescue Hacker. After finding out about it, General Kincaid holds Commander Chennault at fault for the safety of his son. The Rangers come face to face with the violent inhabitants of the planet including a vicious man named Rec.
3755	Top Coppers	Top Coppers	Comedy	none	Action-packed cop-show comedy that follows the adventures of detectives John Mahogany and Mitch Rust as they attempt to rid the fictional world of Justice City of its deranged criminal underworld.
3757	Ice Road Rescue	Ice Road Rescue	Action	none	The mountain passes of Norway are some of the most dangerous roads in all of Europe. And when winter hits, the transport roads turn into treacherous bobsleigh tracks with trucks and cars skidding and sliding everywhere, blocking vital trade routes and in extreme cases, causing fatal accidents. But never fear, up and down Norway there are brigades of brave rescue workers, who work around the clock to keep the roads safe and open. It takes a special breed of men to pull off the perfect ‘Ice Road Rescue'...from a driver smuggling nappies (of all things!) out of Norway, to a truck in trouble full of fresh fish threatening to go bad – the rescue teams of Norway have their work cut out in this nail-biting new series!
3758	Embarrassing Bodies	Embarrassing Bodies	Medical	none	The Embarrassing Bodies doctors offer an innovative way to raise health awareness and de-stigmatise 'embarrassing' body parts and medical conditions.
3758	Embarrassing Bodies	Charlotte's Story	Medical	none	This special episode catches up with Charlotte Wilson, the eight-year-old who was diagnosed with a life-threatening condition due to a virtually non-existent immune system
3758	Embarrassing Bodies	The Man with Half a Face	Medical	none	Dr Christian tells the incredible story of Eric, who lost half his face to cancer. Experts at UCL Hospitals have begun rebuilding Eric's face using the latest technology.
3758	Embarrassing Bodies	Penis Special	Medical	none	The doctors unveil their top tips for keeping your penis tip top, from sexual health to bringing penis envy down to size. They also catch up with three men with penis problems.
3758	Embarrassing Bodies	The 36-Stone Woman	Medical	none	When Dr Christian first met Patience, she weighed 36 stone. Can Britain's most extreme weight-loss treatment save her life?
3759	Embarrassing Bodies: Live from the Clinic	Embarrassing Bodies: Live from the Clinic	Medical	none	A live series showcasing medical diagnosis as Dr Christian Jessen and Dr Dawn Harper diagnose cases live on air.
3760	One Born Every Minute	One Born Every Minute	Medical	none	A ground-breaking look at the drama and emotion of a maternity unit, from the perspective of the parents-to-be and the maternity ward staff.
3764	The Xtra Factor	The Xtra Factor	Music	none	Thousands audition. Only one can win. The search is on for the next singing Superstar.The Xtra Factor is a companion show to The X Factor that is broadcast on Saturday and Sunday nights after the main show. It features behind-the-scenes footage of The X Factor and shows the emotional responses of the contestants after the judges comment on their performances.
3767	Archie Bunker's Place	Archie Bunker's Place	Comedy	none	O'Connor takes his All in the Family character to the next level and Archie opens up a tavern in Queens complete with a liberal new business partner Murray Klein.
3773	Man in a Suitcase	Man in a Suitcase	Action	none	Richard Bradford is McGill, an ex-CIA agent who is "disavowed" after he is made the scapegoat for a failed mission. He travels to Europe and works as a gun-for-hire and private investigator. McGill frequently comes into conflict with the people who hire him due to his uncompromising sense of honor and integrity.
3773	Man in a Suitcase	Essay in Evil	Action	none	Three men join forces to murder the man who is blackmailing all of them. Meanwhile, the blackmailer hires McGill under false pretenses to find out what they're up to.
3773	Man in a Suitcase	The Man Who Stood Still	Action	none	Thirty years after the Spanish Civil War, McGill gets caught up in a new war: an anarchist who spent 30 years in prison wants McGill to determine if his former partner was a traitor or not.
3774	The Big Valley	The Big Valley	Western	none	The Barkleys are the wealthiest and most powerful family in California's San Joaquin Valley in the 1870s, owning and controlling cattle herds, gold mines, citrus groves, and logging camps. Follow and share the family's trials and tribulations as matriarch Victoria Barkley leads her brood through joys and heartache, adventure and danger, and laughter and pain.
3775	The Chronicle	The Chronicle	Science-Fiction	none	Fresh young reporter Tucker Burns gets a job with The Chronicle, a tabloid newspaper that publishes stories about aliens and headless horsemen. He soon discovers that The Chronicle isn't making up its stories, and helps investigate all matter of supernatural occurrences.
3776	The F.B.I.	The F.B.I.	Drama	7.0	Agent Lewis Erskine (Efrem Zimbalist, Jr.) and Special Agent Jim Rhodes (Stephen Brooks) rely on real-life FBI detection techniques (and the occasional hunch) as they track lawbreakers ranging from organized crime bosses and extortionists to saboteurs and escaped convicts.
3777	The Green Hornet	The Green Hornet	Action	7.0	In this 60s TV series based on the exploits of the radio hero, Britt Reid is a publisher by day, on a crusade against the city's resident crime boss The Green Hornet. By night, Britt dons the mask of the Green Hornet. With the aid of his chauffeur Kato, the Hornet defeats criminals and leaves them for the police, while posing as one so that no one will suspect that he is actually a hero. The Hornet is a master inventor and his mode of transportation is Black Beauty, an armored car equipped with missiles and lasers. In hand-to-hand he uses a gas gun and tranquilizer darts.The Green Hornet was created by the same people who did the 60s Batman. However, they treated the new series seriously rather than as camp, and it was cancelled after one season.
3778	The Herculoids	The Herculoids	Action	none	Somewhere out in deep space - and out of the creative imagination of the animation aces of Hanna-Barbera Studios - live the Herculoids. Humanoid Zandor, along with his wife Tara and son Dorno, lead a group of unique creatures: Zok the flying dragon, powerful simian Igoo (who possesses rock-like skin), rhinoceros hybrid Tundro, and two protoplasmic wonders appropriately named Gloop and Gleep. Together, they use their diverse super strengths to defend their utopian planet against attack from such sinister invaders as the Pod Creatures, the Reptons, and the Mutoids.After one season in the 60s, the series was ended. However, it was revived for an additional season in the 80s. The boy actor playing Dorno was recast, but the rest of the cast returned to recreate their original roles.
3779	Front Man	Front Man	Comedy	none	"Front Man" centers on Paul who was an overindulged only child, born to two doting helicopter parents. Now approaching 30, he is forced to acknowledge that his dream of becoming a famous singer/songwriter isn't happening. Wrenched from the comfort of his family home, Paul must learn to stand on his own. He takes the gig of front man for a local wedding band and learns more than wedding reception staples in the process.
3780	Come Dine with Me	Come Dine with Me	Cooking	none	The knives (and forks) are out as a group of strangers compete for the title of ultimate dinner party host. And the £1000 on the table adds spice to the proceedings...
3781	Farmed and Dangerous	Farmed and Dangerous	Comedy	none	A Chipotle original comedy series that explores the outrageously twisted and utterly unsustainable world of industrial agriculture.
3782	Father Figure	Father Figure	Comedy	none	Sitcom starring Jason Byrne as stay-at-home dad Tom Whyte and his eccentric family.
3783	The Ginge, The Geordie and The Geek	The Ginge, The Geordie and The Geek	Comedy	none	Fast-paced comedy sketch show featuring the Ginge (Graeme Rooney), the Geordie (Paul Charlton) and the Geek (Kevin O'Loughlin).
3790	Aliens in America	Aliens in America	Drama	none	"Aliens in America" chronicles alien encounters that are reported by people from across America. Each one-hour episode documents three stories, including those of: two men in South Carolina, who survived an extraordinary alien abduction; twin sisters, who were used as a breeders for aliens; cold-blooded, sewer-dwelling reptoids, which are said to lurk beneath Los Angeles; one couple, who claims they survived a terrifying abduction; two police helicopter pilots, who find themselves in air combat with a UFO trying to shoot them down; and one man, who endures the unthinkable on a nightly basis.
3790	Aliens in America	Pilot	Drama	none	Alien encounters are reported across America. One couple's claim of a terrifying abduction; two police helicopter pilots find themselves in air combat with a UFO trying to shoot them down; and one man endures the unthinkable on a nightly basis.
3790	Aliens in America	Episode 2	Drama	none	Alien encounters are reported across America. Two men in South Carolina survive an extraordinary alien abduction; twin sisters are used as a breeders for aliens; and cold-blooded, sewer-dwelling reptoids are said to lurk beneath Los Angeles.
3820	Dora and Friends: Into the City!	Dora and Friends: Into the City!	Comedy	none	Young viewers and parents familiar with Dora, Diego and the rest of the "Dora the Explorer" gang have new characters to learn about, as Dora heads to school in the city of Playa Verde. She works alongside her friends to give back to the community, while going on a variety of adventures. Her pals include artistic Kate, intelligent Naiya, musical Emma, athletic Alana and playful Pablo. Also helping Dora solve mysteries is new technology; rather than relying on a paper map, she now navigates the city using a map app on her smartphone, and overcomes obstacles with the aid of a magical charm bracelet in "Dora and Friends: Into the City!"
3820	Dora and Friends: Into the City!	Return to the Rainforest	Comedy	none	Dora's city friends travel back to the rainforest with Boots so that they can rescue Backpack and Map!
3821	Ordinary People	Ordinary People	Comedy	none	Said to be loosely inspired by John Legend's relationship with his wife supermodel Chrissy Teigen, "OrdinaryPeople" explores an interracial couple with very different personalities and big ambitions. Not surprising given Legend's background, music will play an element in the show.
3822	Taken the series	Taken the series	Drama	none	in "Taken the series", Bryan Mills, the character played by Neeson in the movies, is a young man with no wife and kids. The series' premise pays an homage to the movies as it references one of the films' most popular quotes, part of Mill's famous speech to one of the thugs suspected in the kidnapping of his daughter, "What I do have are a very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired over a very long career; Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you." The series will focus on how Mills acquires his "very particular set of skills" and becomes the character we all know. The series will bend time as it will be set in modern day, not decades in the past.
3829	Con Man	Con Man	Comedy	none	Con Man centers on the post-show life of Wray Nerely (Alan Tudyk) the co-star of "Spectrum," a sci-fi series, which was canceled before its time and went on to become a cult classic beloved by fans. Wray's good friend, Jack Moore (Nathan Fillion) starred as the series Captain and has gone on to become a major celebrity, while Wray (Tudyk) hasn't found his desired level of stardom. Wray is the begrudging guest of sci-fi conventions, comic book store appearances, and different pop culture events; however, everything is not as it seems from the outside. The series will explore these events and all the weird and crazy things that happen to them along the way.
3830	Descendants: Wicked World	Descendants: Wicked World	Action	none	"Descendants: Wicked World" is an animated short-form series based on the Disney Channel movie Descendants. It premiered on September 18, 2015 on the Disney Channel and its digital platforms, including WATCH Disney Channel. The series picks up after the film and introduces new characters. Providing the voices of the animated characters are the movie's stars: Dove Cameron as Mal, Sofia Carson as Evie, Cameron Boyce as Carlos, Booboo Stewart as Jay, Mitchell Hope as Ben, Brenna D'Amico as Jane, Sarah Jeffery as Audrey and Dianne Doan as Lonnie.
3831	Trauma: Seconds to Live	Trauma: Seconds to Live	Drama	none	"Trauma: Seconds to Live" explores the life-and-death decisions facing doctors in the first critical hour of emergency care. Each one-hour episode features at least three cases, including: a doctor who performs open-heart surgery in the street on a woman in cardiac arrest; an 11-year-old who goes mysteriously blind after being hit by a car; a tree-trimmer who falls 20 feet onto concrete; a motorcyclist who is bleeding to death after a crash; a 77-year-old woman who presents at the hospital with a suspected stroke; and many more critical medical emergencies.
3831	Trauma: Seconds to Live	On the Edge (Pilot)	Drama	none	A young man gets stabbed three times in the chest and goes into cardiac arrest; a motorcyclist is injured in a high-speed collision.
3831	Trauma: Seconds to Live	Minutes from Death	Drama	none	A young man is critically injured in a car crash; a cyclist involved in a collision; a young woman's heart stops after a sudden collapse in the street.
3831	Trauma: Seconds to Live	Between Life and Death	Drama	none	A doctor performs open-heart surgery in the street on a woman in cardiac arrest. An 11-year-old goes mysteriously blind after being hit by a car.
3831	Trauma: Seconds to Live	Making the Invisible Visible	Drama	none	A tree-trimmer falls 20 feet onto concrete. A motorcyclist is bleeding to death after a crash. A 77-year-old woman presents at the hospital with a suspected stroke.
3831	Trauma: Seconds to Live	At the Scene	Drama	none	A farmer gets crushed by a cow; a young woman suddenly collapses in the street; medics fight to save the life of a man hit by a car.
3831	Trauma: Seconds to Live	Surviving Birth	Drama	none	The life-or-death decisions facing doctors and midwives as they battle with neonatal emergencies.
3833	Hidden Palms	Hidden Palms	Drama	5.0	Johnny Miller was a happy, well-adjusted 15-year-old with good grades and a roomful of sports trophies until the terrible night a year ago that his father committed suicide. Now, Johnny lives in the surreal, sun-drenched city of Palm Springs with his mother and her new husband. On the outside, Palm Springs is a shimmering paradise of resorts, swimming pools, golf courses and country clubs. But as Johnny learns the secrets that lie just beneath the surface of this seemingly typical neighborhood, he and his family are forced to ask the question: how well do you really know the people who live right next door?
3834	Are You There, Chelsea?	Are You There, Chelsea?	Comedy	none	Do you remember where you were when you had a life-changing realization? (In other words, a DUI? ) For Chelsea Newman, it was in the drunk tank at her local jail. And maybe "life-changing" is a slight exaggeration - her version of a wake-up call is realizing that the way to avoid driving drunk is to get an apartment within walking distance from work! But hey, baby steps, right?Chelsea is young, strong-willed, and a force of nature determined to live life to the fullest and make no apologies. Her friends are along for the ride, but they all know it's Chelsea's way or the highway. Her fiery Cuban BFF accuses her of "collecting weirdoes," but to Chelsea, different types of people - including Todd, (a little person) who always has her back - just make life more interesting. Into her posse comes a new roommate who is Chelsea's polar opposite (sheltered, shy, a virgin) so you can probably guess which way the influence will go. Chelsea works at her local bar (how appropriate!) where her co-workers are just as crazy as she is.
3835	I Hate My Teenage Daughter	I Hate My Teenage Daughter	Comedy	none	Two best friends and single moms struggle to raise their difficult and over-privileged teenage daughters.
3836	In Case of Emergency	In Case of Emergency	Comedy	none	Jason (David Arquette), Harry (Jonathan Silverman), Sherman (Greg Germann) and Kelly (Kelly Hu) are old friends from high school who find themselves at that stage where they realize that their lives havent turned out exactly the way theyd planned. Unhappily divorced greeting card writer Harry goes for a relaxing massage only to discover his scantily clad therapist is Kelly, their high school valedictorian, whos had her own fall from grace. Diet Guru Sherman returns home to discover his wife has left him and taken everything he owns; devastated by the loss, he hijacks a bakery truck and binges on all its contents. Faced with imprisonment for his role in a corporate scandal, financial whiz Jason botches his suicide attempt only to shoot himself in the foot literally.
3837	Keeping Up Appearances	Keeping Up Appearances	Comedy	10.0	Played with aplomb by Patricia Routledge, Hyacinth is a character with few, if any, saving graces. Her pompous, self-serving attitude makes life miserable for all around her.
3838	Killer Instinct	Killer Instinct	Crime	none	Detective Jack Hale took a hiatus from the force when his partner died in the line of duty. Now back at work for the San Francisco Police Department's Deviant Crime Unit, Hale is taking on the bizarre and deviant crimes committed by San Francisco's most aberrant criminals.
3839	The Forgotten	The Forgotten	Drama	none	From executive producer Jerry Bruckheimer comes a crime show in which a team of dedicated amateurs work on cases involving unidentified victims. After the police have given up, this group must first solve the puzzle of the victim's identity in order to then help catch the killer. They work to give the deceased back their names, lest they become -- The Forgotten.
3843	The Hitchhiker	The Hitchhiker	Thriller	none	The Hitchhiker is a half-hour dramatic anthology series presenting modern morality tales with contemporary players. In 85 chilling stories, men and women struggle with the best and worst in themselves, battling with - and all too often succumbing to - their deepest lusts, obsessions and fears.
3844	The Immortal	The Immortal	Action	none	Raphael Cain is a 17th century Dutch sailor "blessed" with immortality by the father of his wife. When demons kill her, Raphael swears an oath to walk the earth as long as there are demons left to die. He makes the acquaintance of a young man, Goodwin, who he takes on as his squire. Now in the modern day, Raphael and Goodwin join forces with parapsychologist Dr. Sara Beckman to battle demons wherever they may find them.
3845	The Immortal	The Immortal	Science-Fiction	none	Ben Richards is a test car driver who has never been sick and looks twenty years younger than he actually is. When a millionaire receives a blood transfusion from Ben, he discovers that Ben is immune to disease and thus will live 5-10 times longer than a normal human. The millionaire tries to hold Ben captive to use him as a perpetual blood bank. Ben escapes and the millionaire dies, but another one learns of his rare blood and sends a team led by Fletcher to find him. Each week, Ben must stay on the run, avoid his pursuers, and help those he encounters.
3846	The Master	The Master	Action	none	John Peter McAllister, an American veteran, is the only American ever accepted for training as a ninja. He finally leaves his clan to seek out his daughter in America. The ninja consider his abandoning them dishonorable and send one of their own, Osaka, to kill McAllister. Meanwhile, McAllister makes the acquaintance of a young wannabe knight errant, Max Keller, and agrees to train him in the ways of the ninja. As they travel the U.S. in Max's van, Max and McAllister help those that they meet.
3847	The Mod Squad	The Mod Squad	Action	7.0	The Mod Squad involved three hipper-than-hip undercover cops with a touch of menace and plenty of attitude. Younger looking than they were, these three police officers were able to earn the confidence of the bad guys, infiltrate their domain, and then bust their backsides while still looking good. Miami Vice was still a decade away. The Mod Squad paved the way for hip and happening PO-lice on TV!
3848	The Outsider	The Outsider	Drama	none	David Ross is a typical PI: an ex-con, alone in the world, few family and friends but many contacts and acquaintances. Ross lives in a cheap apartment and works out of an even cheaper office. But he gets by on his grit and his determination, solving cases for enough money to keep going another day.
3849	The Ray Bradbury Theater	The Ray Bradbury Theater	Science-Fiction	7.0	This anthology series takes each episode from the short stories of fantasist Ray Bradbury, and present tales of horror, science fiction, and sometimes just everyday life. Bradbury opens each episode with a brief visit of his office, and in the earlier seasons provides opening narration as well.
3849	The Ray Bradbury Theater	Usher II	Science-Fiction	7.0	In a future society, books of fantasy and horror have been banned. One man attempts to fight the authorities by creating an animatronic funhouse based on the works of Edgar Allen Poe, and invites his enemies to one last masquerade party.
3852	Rodzinka.pl	Rodzinka.pl	Comedy	none	Serial opowiada o Boskich, pięcioosobowej rodzinie mieszkającej w Warszawie. Panią domu jest Natalia (Małgorzata Kożuchowska), szefowa wydawnictwa pism kobiecych. Jej mężem jest Ludwik (Tomasz Karolak), architekt. Razem wychowują trójkę dzieci: Tomka (Maciej Musiał), Kubę (Adam Zdrójkowski) i Kacpra (Mateusz Pawłowski).
3853	The Andy Griffith Show	The Andy Griffith Show	Comedy	7.0	Down-home humor and an endearing cast of characters helped to make The Andy Griffith Show one of the most beloved comedies in the history of television. Introduced as a spinoff from The Danny Thomas Show in 1960, The Andy Griffith Show ran for eight seasons in prime time. Widower Andy Taylor divides his time between raising his young son, Opie, and his job as sheriff (and Justice of the Peace) of the sleepy North Carolina town, Mayberry. Andy and Opie live with Andy's Aunt Bee, who serves as a surrogate mother to both father and son. Andy's nervous cousin, Barney Fife, is his deputy sheriff whose utter incompetence is tolerated because Mayberry is virtually crime-free.
3853	The Andy Griffith Show	The New Housekeeper	Comedy	7.0	Andy's housekeeper Rose is getting married – much to Opie's disappointment.Realizing he's going to need help taking care of Opie and keeping the houseclean, Andy calls upon Aunt Bee to move in. However, upon her arrival, Opie isappalled that she can't do all the things he finds fun.
3853	The Andy Griffith Show	The Manhunt	Comedy	7.0	Following the escape of a dangerous felon near Mayberry, theState police arrive in town and announce they'll be basing their manhunt out ofthe courthouse. After being shut out of helping out, Andy and Barney take itupon themselves to try and collar the felon themselves – much to the dismay ofthe State police captain.
3853	The Andy Griffith Show	The Darlings Are Coming	Comedy	7.0	A musical mountain family called the Darlings arrive inMayberry to pick up a young soldier set to marry the patriarch's daughter. However,it doesn't take long for Charlene to set her sights on Andy and would prefer tokick "Dud" to the curb, much to Briscoe's displeasure.
3853	The Andy Griffith Show	Mountain Wedding	Comedy	7.0	Briscoe Darling comes back to town with a problem he hopesAndy can fix: pesky Ernest T. Bass refuses to recognize Charlene and Dud'swedding and intends to make her his bride. Andy and Barney go up to themountains to help keep Ernest T. at bay until the minister arrives so the couplecan have a church wedding.
3854	World Series of Fighting	World Series of Fighting	Drama	none	"World Series of Fighting" is a mixed martial arts promotion series that features former fighters from Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC), Strikeforce and Bellator, as well as its own competitors.
3855	PJ Masks	PJ Masks	Action	none	Based on Romuald Racioppo's picture book series Les Pyjamasques, "PJ Masks" is an animated series that follows the night-time adventures of three young friends and their superhero alter egos, who go into the night to save the day.
3856	Moreau	Moreau	Drama	none	"Moreau",is a drama series inspired by H.G. Wells' classic sci-fi novel The Island Of Dr. Moreau. In the TV adaptation, the title character of disgraced London physiologist Dr. Moreau — who retreats to an island to work on his experiments creating animal-human hybrids — is a woman. Fiercely intelligent and fearless, Dr. Katherine Moreau expands the boundaries of medicine through bold and revolutionary scientific experimentation and treatments in her privately funded island hospital.
3857	The Drop	The Drop	Drama	none	Set in the sexy, nonstop world of Miami's electronic dance music scene, "The Drop" centers on a DJ teetering on the edge of ruin who finds hope (and more) in a gifted protégé who is female and African-American, both rarities in the EDM world.
3858	In The Line Of Fire	In The Line Of Fire	Drama	none	"In The Line Of Fire"is a series based on the 1993 Sony film starring Clint Eastwood and John John Malkovich. It  centers on a Secret Service agent who, after a fall from grace, gets the chance to redeem himself when a rogue CIA hitman threatens to assassinate the president. The agent and his female partner will investigate cases while engaged simultaneously in a twisted cat-and-mouse with the would-be assassin, who will upend their lives — forcing them to question their loyalties both professional and personal.
3859	Neverwhere	Neverwhere	Drama	none	"Neverwhere" is an adaptation of fantasy writer Neil Gaiman's BBC miniseries and subsequent novel. In urban fantasy Neverwhere, when Richard Mayhew encounters an injured girl named Door on the street one night, he decides to help her despite his fiancée's protests. Upon doing so he ceases to exist on Earth and becomes real only to the denizens of "London Below," whose inhabitants are generally invisible and non-existent to the people of "London Above." He loses his house, his job and nearly his mind as he travels London Below in an attempt to make sense out of it all, find a way back and help Door survive as she is hunted down by hired assassins.
3860	House Of Thieves	House Of Thieves	Drama	none	"House Of Thieves" is based on the just-released mystery novel by Charles Belfoure. House Of Thieves is set in 1886 New York. A respectable architect shouldn't have any connection to the notorious gang of thieves and killers that rules the underbelly of the city. But when John Cross' son racks up an unfathomable gambling debt to Kent's Gents, Cross must pay it back himself. All he has to do is use his inside knowledge of high society mansions and museums to craft a robbery even the smartest detectives won't solve. Soon Cross becomes invaluable to the gang and with that his entire life becomes a balancing act, and it will only take one mistake for it all to come crashing down — and for his family to go down too.
3861	The Ambassador's Wife	The Ambassador's Wife	Drama	none	Anne Hathaway will star in a limited TV series adaptation of Jennifer Steil's novel "The Ambassador's Wife", which the Mark Gordon Company has acquired rights to finance and produce. Hathaway will also produce the project, which is inspired by Steil's personal experiences as the wife of the British Ambassador to Yemen. The book is a harrowing tale about the kidnapping of an American woman in the Middle East and the heartbreaking choices she and her husband each must make in the hope of being reunited.
3862	Nicky, Ricky, Dicky & Dawn	Nicky, Ricky, Dicky & Dawn	Comedy	none	In "Nicky, Ricky, Dicky & Dawn", Dawn Harper doesn't have much in common with brothers Nicky, Ricky and Dicky except for a birthday. Sibling rivalry often consumes the quadruplets, but they can come together to solve problems that arise. Dawn acts as leader of the pack but, really, is just one of the quartet; quirky Nicky has the answer to almost everything; Ricky has a high IQ but gets into trouble with his siblings; charming Dicky always has a way with words. Situations show the preteens planning their own "grown-up" birthday parties and seeing a scary movie for the first time.
3864	The Virtual Bride	The Virtual Bride	Comedy	none	Old Boy lived in captivity for 15 years and so did Rapunzel for 18 years in a castle.Yet, the most frightening castle is Mother's Castle.One day, some women are trying to invade this impregnable castle. They are daughter-in-laws!Will these brave daughter-in-laws survive in the mother's castle defeating this formidable enemy, mother-in-law?
3865	The Merchant: Gaekju 2015	The Merchant: Gaekju 2015	History	none	In late Joseon, a poor man named Chun Bong-sam inherits a decrepit inn and honestly works his way up to becoming a powerful merchant. As tradesmen clash against the bureaucratic powers that attempt to oppress them by rigging bad deals, Bong-sam never loses sight of his humble beginnings as a peddler even after achieving great success and eventually shapes the way that industry and business are done in his time.
3866	All About My Mom	All About My Mom	Drama	none	Jinae never wanted to live like her mother Sanok, but she has no choice but to follow her mother's path. Then, Jinae gets to meet another mother Youngseon.She cannot help but struggle between two mothers. After all, she embraces both of them as her family in this adventure-family drama.
3868	A Divorce Lawyer in Love	A Divorce Lawyer in Love	Comedy	none	Go Cheok-hee and So Jung-woo once worked together at a law firm; she was a divorce lawyer, and he was her office manager. She treated him like her inferior, while he constantly irked her by pointing out her mistakes and calling her "Chucky" behind her back. But Cheok-hee is so ambitious, so determined to win every case for her clients, that her unethical misdeeds catch up to her, causing her license to be suspended.Meanwhile, Jung-woo studies and gets his law degree. Years later, they end up working together again for a different law firm. But this time, the tables have turned: he's the divorce lawyer, and she's the office manager. And Jung-woo relishes getting his petty revenge.
3870	Fall in Love with Soon Jung	Fall in Love with Soon Jung	Drama	none	Min-Ho's (Jung Kyoung-Ho) father ran a large company, but his death led to his uncle taking over the company. Because of this, Min-Ho grows into a cutthroat investor. Min-Ho then undergoes a heart transplant surgery and his personality changes. Thanks to his new heart, he begins to have warm feelings and he falls in love with a woman named Soon-Jung (Kim So-Yeon).
3873	Tyler Perry's For Better or Worse	Tyler Perry's For Better or Worse	Drama	none	"Tyler Perry's For Better or Worse" is a not-so-subtle situation comedy that follows the zany and sometimes tumultuous relationship of a lovesick married couple, Marcus and Angela Williams. Marcus and Angela were first introduced to the world in Tyler's hit feature films Why Did I Get Married and Why Did I Get Married Too. Tasha Smith and Michael Jai White are back to reprise their roles in the half-hour show. Michael plays Marcus, a football player–turned–sports commentator who owns his own sports talk show. Tasha Smith also resumes her role as Angela, the edgy and outspoken wife of Marcus, who is dedicated to her husband, children and marriage. The show follows the lives of Marcus' and Angela's friends as well. There's Joseph, Marcus' best friend and business partner. Joseph is left devastated by his breakup with his longtime girlfriend, Leslie. Tired of waiting for a proposal from Joseph, Leslie has moved on to bigger and better things while staying focused on her career and her undying friendship with Angela. Keisha, Marcus' ex,continues to cause a world of trouble for the group of friends and colleagues. And, Jennifer and Todd are still as crazy as ever.For Better or Worse is groundbreaking television and one of the biggest TV shows movie mogul Tyler Perry has ever produced. The sets, high fashion and the strikingly good-looking cast come together to create a truly sexy and provocative half hour of television. Viewers will experience a fresh approach to the traditional sitcom format that will provide all the elements of well-crafted storytelling and the raw intrigue of reality TV. For Better or Worse explores the controversial and joyous moments associated with marriage and dating in a 21st-century world. And like always, viewers will leave with life-changing messages that have become a trademark of Tyler's brand of entertainment.
3873	Tyler Perry's For Better or Worse	Maury Settles It	Drama	none	DNA results prove that Pam was telling the truth and Marcus is her father.
3873	Tyler Perry's For Better or Worse	Seventeen	Drama	none	Marcus and Angela try to bond with Pam, the girl that claims to be Marcus's daughter.
3873	Tyler Perry's For Better or Worse	Curtis	Drama	none	Pam introduces Curtis to Marcus and Angela; they know that her life is in danger immediately.
3873	Tyler Perry's For Better or Worse	Lock the Door	Drama	none	Pam shows up at the salon looking for help after realizing that Curtis was behind her own disappearance.
3873	Tyler Perry's For Better or Worse	It's Bedtime	Drama	none	Angela, Jennifer and Leslie try to protect Pam from Curtis at the salon.
3873	Tyler Perry's For Better or Worse	Don't Ignore the Signs	Drama	none	Richard receives his first post-divorce paycheck.
3873	Tyler Perry's For Better or Worse	The Way We Were	Drama	none	The ladies visit C-Sports just in time to overhear Keisha confess her love for Marcus.
3873	Tyler Perry's For Better or Worse	Trouble with the Feds	Drama	none	After Angela's cousin is arrested for tax fraud and embezzlement, the IRS comes knocking on her door.
3874	CMT Crossroads	CMT Crossroads	Music	none	"CMT Crossroads" is where country music stars collaborate with performers from other musical genres and exchange stories about their mutual love for music. Some of the pairings that have been featured on the show include: Willie Nelson and Sheryl Crow; Sugarland and Bon Jovi; Taylor Swift and Def Leppard.
3874	CMT Crossroads	Lynyrd Skynyrd & Brantley Gilbert	Music	none	Lynyrd Skynyrd & Brantley Gilbert
3874	CMT Crossroads	REO Speedwagon & Sara Evans	Music	none	Classic rock band REO Speedwagon and country musician Sara Evans bring amazing energy to the stage from Nashville, Tenn.
3910	The Half Hour	The Half Hour	Comedy	none	"The Half Hour" shines a spotlight on some of the funniest and most unique voices in stand-up comedy. You'll never guess how long each episode is.
3911	Common Law	Common Law	Drama	7.0	In COMMON LAW, Travis Marks (Ealy) and Wes Mitchell (Kole) have a problem - each other. Despite their differences, this odd couple set of detectives are incredible at what they love most - enforcing the law - and have a seven-year track record as the LAPD's finest in the Robbery-Homicide Division. But when their constant bickering begins to have a major impact on their caseload, their new-age captain (McGee) institutes mandatory couples' therapy to bring back the flame in their "work marriage." Tough-as-nails therapist Dr. Ryan (Walger) is brought in to help them understand and resolve their conflicts and confront their demons in order to enhance their ability to continue solving crimes.
3916	Jake and the Never Land Pirates	Jake and the Never Land Pirates	Comedy	none	"Jake and the Never Land Pirates" is an animated series that is a new take on the classic "Peter Pan" story, follows the Never Land adventures of a group of child pirates -- Jake, Izzy and Cubby -- as they try to outwit Captain Hook and Smee. The show features original music performed by the Never Land Pirate Band.
3916	Jake and the Never Land Pirates	Into the Heart of Coldness; The Remarkable Beardini	Comedy	none	Jake rescues the penguins of Chilly Canyon; Bardini's invisibility ring has been stolen and he's convinced that it was Captain Jake who took it.
3917	Miles From Tomorrowland	Miles From Tomorrowland	Comedy	none	Space adventurer Miles Callisto is always ready for action, traveling through the universe with his family and his best friend, a robo-ostrich named Merc. The family includes mom Phoebe, the ship's captain who sets a good example and encourages her family on every mission; dad Leo, a laid-back pilot and inventor who isn't afraid to try new things; and big sister Loretta, who is a brilliant computer coder and always has her brother's back. Together, they use teamwork and problem solving as they encounter obstacles while completing missions throughout outer space for the Tomorrowland Transit Authority. The Callistos' home base is a floating space station called the Stellosphere, and the StarJetter is the vehicle they use to go to other planets and galaxies. Each episode features a fact related to space or science that inspires the storyline for "Miles From Tomorrowland".
3917	Miles From Tomorrowland	Space Mission: Mars	Comedy	none	The Callistos look for Phoebe's missing sister; an Explorer Exchange scavenger hunt turns into a rescue mission.
3917	Miles From Tomorrowland	Unexpected Ally; Skyrise	Comedy	none	Gadfly helps the Callistos locate stolen space equipment; Miles and his friends inspect a new space elevator that malfunctions.
3918	Natural Born Monsters	Natural Born Monsters	Drama	none	Adventurer Sean Duggan heads to some of the most remote places on Earth in search of mysterious creatures -- from land-prowling fish to giant predatory reptiles -- in "Natural Born Monsters". When he unearths the creatures, he investigates how they have adapted to extreme weather conditions to survive in their often-dangerous environments and how weather has shaped the animals themselves. Duggan often enlists the help of local experts to locate and investigate the creatures and get the information he seeks.
3918	Natural Born Monsters	Snake Head Fish (Pilot)	Drama	none	Sean Duggan travels to Thailand to investigate the giant snakehead fish in its native habitat; Sean's expedition takes him from Thailand to snakehead-infested Arkansas to see if this killer fish can be stopped.
3918	Natural Born Monsters	Giant Spiders	Drama	none	Sean travels to Costa Rica and comes face-to-face with a monster born from the jungle, the Brazilian Wandering Spider.
3923	Gorongosa Park: Rebirth of Paradise	Gorongosa Park: Rebirth of Paradise	Drama	none	Experience the incredible and inspiring rebirth of an African wilderness through the eyes of an Emmy-winning wildlife cameraman. American-born, African-raised Bob Poole embarks on an amazing adventure: spending two years living in Gorongosa National Park, Mozambique, Southern Africa, joining scientists and conservationists in the battle to re-wild this once-legendary national park. The fabric of life across this million-acre paradise was shredded during a long civil war. Now, teams of international and Mozambican scientists and conservationists have assembled to repair it. It's one of the most ambitious wilderness restoration projects ever attempted.This is no ordinary filming assignment for Poole. Instead of just staying behind the lens filming the action, he gets roped in and becomes a core part of it. He helps scientists dart and track the park's elusive lions, decode the behavior of the park's elephants, wrestle and study massive crocs, and truck in herds of animals to replace the ones that were lost during the civil war. In addition to giving us stunning images of Africa's iconic wildlife, large and small, hoofed and winged, Bob Poole and "GORONGOSA PARK Rebirth of Paradise" take us by the scruff of the neck into one of the most exciting conservation stories happening in the world today.Having grown up in Kenya, but now living in Idaho, Poole was keen to return to the Africa of his idyllic childhood. And this assignment fulfills his life-long dream of working in an African national park — combining his passion for conservation with his lifelong career filming the world's beautiful but vulnerable wild animals.
3923	Gorongosa Park: Rebirth of Paradise	Lion Mystery (Pilot)	Drama	none	Bob Poole joins scientist Paola Bouley as she tries to solve a baffling mystery: Why isn't Gorongosa's lion population growing? By filming the lions, Poole hopes to help, following five cheeky lion cubs on their journey to adulthood.
3923	Gorongosa Park: Rebirth of Paradise	Elephant Whisperer	Drama	none	The team faces charging elephants to gain insights into elephant behavior.
3923	Gorongosa Park: Rebirth of Paradise	New Blood	Drama	none	A relocation mission aims to bring back zebra and eland -- Africa's largest antelope.
3923	Gorongosa Park: Rebirth of Paradise	Hidden Worlds	Drama	none	The team discovers forests full of new species and unexplored caves.
3925	Tyler Perry's The Haves and the Have Nots	Tyler Perry's The Haves and the Have Nots	Drama	none	"Tyler Perry's The Haves and the Have Nots" is a new television drama from the prolific writer, director and producer Tyler Perry. The show follows the complicated dynamic between the rich and powerful Cryer family and the hired help who work in their opulent Savannah, Georgia, mansion. From the outside, the Cryers are the enviable face of success and wealth, but behind the veil, the family's dysfunction threatens to destroy their world of privilege. Cryer family patriarch Jim Cryer (John Schneider) is a powerful judge whose double life, including tawdry affairs with high-priced escorts, puts his family and political ambitions at risk. His wife, Katheryn Cryer (Renée Lawless), is the ultimate matriarch, portraying a loving and dutiful wife, but she is willing to do anything to protect her family's status. Their son, Wyatt (Aaron O'Connell), is a troubled, angry jock who cares little for his own image and finds himself in and out of rehab. His sister, Amanda (Jacyln Betham), a struggling law student, tries harder to live up to her parents' expectations but unknowingly has befriended a scurrilous young woman, Candace Young, with the power to ruin the entire family.
3925	Tyler Perry's The Haves and the Have Nots	When the Chickens Come	Drama	none	The Harrington's, the Cryer's and Candice finally learn their lesson.
3933	Silk	Silk	Drama	none	Series about life at the Bar, the dilemmas and problems that modern day barristers have to face, and what it means to become a silk.
3934	Borgen	Borgen	Drama	none	Internationally acclaimed Danish political drama from the producers of The Killing.
3945	Angie Tribeca	Angie Tribeca	Comedy	none	The single-camera comedy explores an eccentric but brilliant group of people who investigate crime, reveal way too much personal information, and refuse to rest until justice has been served ... sort of.
3960	The Prime Minister and I	The Prime Minister and I	Comedy	none	Kwon Yul, a South Korea's youngest Prime Minister who is 100% capable in his work but 0% capable in parenting, he struggles in raising his 3 kids alone. Nam Da Jung, a young reporter who full of enthusiasm but always ends up missing big scoops. She accidentally gets into a scandal with Prime Minister and to keep his position, they get married. She enters his house and becomes a young affectionate mother to his kids like a Christmas present and that's when the love story begins.
3961	Boarding House No. 24	Boarding House No. 24	Comedy	none	A sitcom about seven boarders who have different personalities and situations. It is depicting dreams, careers, love and friendship of young people in their 20s who live under the same roof due to the plot of the house owner Kim Kwang Kyu.
3974	The Job Lot	The Job Lot	Comedy	none	Sitcom set in a job centre. Under pressure to hit targets, Karl and George are on an ill-fated stakeout, while Natalie resorts to teaching Bryony some dubious new work skills.
3997	Damien	Damien	Drama	none	Damien is an upcoming A&E series based on the horror film series The Omen.The drama centers on The Omen's young boy, Damien Thorn. Now an adult and haunted by his past, Damien is faced with a series of macabre events and must finally face his true destiny: He is the Antichrist.
3998	Do Not Disturb	Do Not Disturb	Comedy	none	When a top New York newspaper designates The Inn as one of New York's hippest hotels, Neal jumps on the opportunity to be the face of the hotel for the article. But when the hotel's crass owner comes to town, Neal must vie for his place in the limelight while keeping his hotel looking top-notch.
3999	The Philanthropist	The Philanthropist	Drama	7.0	"The Philanthropist" chronicles the heroic adventures of a billionaire playboy turned vigilante philanthropist. James Purefoy ("Rome") stars as Teddy Rist, a successful tycoon whose life is forever changed after rescuing a young boy during a hurricane in the Nigerian town he was visiting. Rist is spontaneous and impulsive and quickly decides to channel his passion, power and money into helping those in need. Rist's actions are not just about helping others - he is purging his soul to help exorcise the inner demons which have been festering ever since his young son died and he lost everything he truly loved. Since the death of his son, the danger and risk to his life is the only way he can feel genuinely alive and he'll do anything in order to achieve his goals. A man who has everything but can feel nothing, Rist keeps his adrenaline pumping by putting his business head and money-making skills to good use through bargaining with the self-righteous, making deals with drug barons and trading with the nefarious. "The Philanthropist" boasts a heady cast of established and up-and-coming talent. Purefoy takes on the lead role of Teddy Rist, Jesse L. Martin ("Law & Order") plays Teddy's business partner and friend, Philip Maidstone, and Neve Campbell ("Burn Up") plays Olivia, Philip's wife who also runs the charitable foundation set up by the two billionaires.
4010	The Book of Negroes	The Book of Negroes	Drama	10.0	Abducted from her village in West Africa, eleven-year-old Aminata Diallo is forced into a slave coffle and must endure a horrific ocean crossing. She is brought to a South Carolina plantation where she makes herself useful by using midwifery skills learned at her mother's side, all the while keeping the attentions of her jealous slave master, Robinson Appleby, at bay. Soon after Aminata reencounters Chekura, a fellow slave from West Africa, they are married in a clandestine ceremony. When their first baby is brutally abducted and sold by Appleby she vows to return one day to her homeland.
4010	The Book of Negroes	Episode 1	Drama	10.0	Stolen from Africa, eleven-year old Aminata Diallo is enslaved and forced to endure a treacherous journey to America.
4010	The Book of Negroes	Episode 2	Drama	10.0	Aminata, forced to deflect the affections of the two men who own her, adjusts to plantation life in the Carolinas.
4010	The Book of Negroes	Episode 3	Drama	10.0	When Revolution breaks out in New York, Aminata seizes her chance and escapes to freedom in the haven of Canvas Town.
4010	The Book of Negroes	Episode 4	Drama	10.0	After British defeat, Aminata registers Black Loyalists in The Book Of Negroes for an escape to freedom in Nova Scotia.
4010	The Book of Negroes	Episode 5	Drama	10.0	As racial tensions boil in barren and destitute Shelburne, Aminata organizes a final journey back to Africa.
4010	The Book of Negroes	Episode 6	Drama	10.0	Upon their arrival in Africa, Aminata leaves the Loyalists behind to find her way back to her home village of Bayo.
4015	Fame Kills	Fame Kills	Drama	none	Lurking behind the red carpets, swanky homes and star-studded parties is a seedier side of celebrity filled with jealousy, competition, greed and murder. "Fame Kills" shares the stories of rising stars whose journeys toward the privileged world of celebrity were cut short during deadly encounters. With re-enactments, interviews with friends, family, witnesses and detectives from the case, each hour-long episode covers one mesmerizing story from rise to fall, from unsolved crime to closed case and the characters are straight out of a classic whodunit film - but these stories are real and the endings are anything but happy.
4015	Fame Kills	The Missing Showgirl (Pilot)	Drama	none	When an East Coast girl moves west, her plan is to make it first as a Las Vegas showgirl, then as an actress in Hollywood. But on the eve of her first solo, she vanishes, and a massive search to find her uncovers a grisly demise in Sin City.
4015	Fame Kills	Hollywood Horror	Drama	none	A small town girl heads to Hollywood, hoping to make the leap from model to movie star. But after landing her first major role, the rising starlet disappears and police race to find her before she is cast out of the spotlight forever.
4016	Behind the Screams	Behind the Screams	Drama	none	Psycho, The Exorcist and The Silence of the Lambs are some of the most terrifying horror movies ever put on screen but the shocking reality is these movies were inspired by actual events. "Behind the Screams" presents these iconic images of horror - a young boy gripped by demonic possession, an axe-murderer chasing a teen through the woods - and pulls back the curtain to reveal the real story. From serial killers to documented paranormal encounters, truth is sometimes stranger than fiction and each one-hour episode examines the hair-raising true incidents that sparked some of the most gripping big screen stories.
4016	Behind the Screams	A Real Psycho (Pilot)	Drama	none	The peaceful small town of Plainfield, Wisconsin is shattered when a female bartender goes missing. But it's not until a few years later when another woman of the same age disappears that local sheriffs start putting together the pieces of a very strange puzzle. Two bloody crime scenes…dozens of empty graves…a sick obsession with mother…and a suit of human skin. You might think this is the plot from a horror film, but it's all terrifyingly true. These are the actual events that inspired the movies Psycho, Silence of the Lambs, and many more stories of terror. This is the Behind the Screams account of serial killer Ed Gein.
4016	Behind the Screams	Handsome Devil	Drama	none	When two young women disappear from a lakeside beach, investigators have nothing to go on. But as bodies begin to surface and more women go missing, shocking similarities in the cases come to light: a handsome stranger with a broken arm, a Volkswagon Bug, and the name Ted. As investigators close in on the monster responsible for this horrifying killing spree, it leads to a devastating sorority house massacre… You might think this is the plot from a horror film, but it's all terrifyingly true. These are the actual events that inspired the Buffalo Bill character in the movie Silence of the Lambs, and many more stories of terror. This is the Behind the Screams account of serial killer Ted Bundy.
4018	Nina's World	Nina's World	Comedy	none	"Nina's World" is the animated adventures of a 6-year-old girl, her plushy toy Star (who only speaks when Nina is alone) and her abuelita (grandmother), voiced by 83-year-old powerhouse Rita Moreno.
4019	True Nightmares	True Nightmares	Drama	none	True stories of murder and mayhem morph into urban legends like the boogeyman or the monster under the bed – haunting our childhoods and scaring us throughout our lives. Investigation Discovery's (ID) upcoming series "TRUE NIGHTMARES" brings to life the true stories that spawned these hair-raising tales, proving once again that truth will always be scarier than fiction. Performer Todd Robbins, best known for his fascination with eccentric and arcane forms of entertainment, brings his shadowy and sardonic self to deliver six spine-tingling episodes, revealing that sometimes, our fears aren't mere figments of our imagination after all. Acting as an on-screen narrator, Robbins appears in and out of scenes, using his ominous tone and eerie charisma to masterfully weave together three stories each hour, playfully hinting that there is always more to the story to reveal.
4021	The Keith Lemon Sketch Show	The Keith Lemon Sketch Show	Comedy	none	Fast-paced sketch show in which Keith Lemon affectionately spoofs the world of TV, Film and famous faces.
4022	60 Minutes	60 Minutes	Drama	none	A weekly web show that begins where the television broadcast ends.
4022	60 Minutes	Crime Against Humanity, Senator Tom Coburn, Misty Copeland	Drama	none	Scott Pelley reports on the 2013 sarin gas attack in Syria; Lesley Stahl profiles retired Oklahoma Republican Tom Coburn; and Bill Whitaker profiles Misty Copeland, an unlikely ballerina.
4022	60 Minutes	The Attack on Sony, Cardinal Seán, Mindfulness	Drama	none	Steve Kroft investigates North Korea's cyberattack on Sony Pictures; then, Norah O'Donnell interviews the archbishop of Boston; and, Anderson Cooper discovers what it's like to be "in the moment."
4022	60 Minutes	Iraq's Christians, The Shooting at Chardon High, King of CrossFit	Drama	none	Lara Logan reports on the persecution of Iraq's Christians by ISIS; then, Ohio HS coach Frank Hall talks with Scott Pelley about the school shooting he helped stop; and, meet the former gymnast who created the popular CrossFit workout.
4022	60 Minutes	President Rouhani, Pope Francis, The Smartest Dog in the World	Drama	none	The Iranian president speaks with Steve Kroft about the historic nuclear deal; then, 60 Minutes goes inside the Vatican where Scott Pelley meets Pope Francis; and, meet Chaser, a dog who can identify over 1,000 toys.
4024	In With the Flynns	In With the Flynns	Comedy	none	A family comedy set in Manchester. Will Mellor and Niky Wardley play parents who are young and vibrant, as much in love with life as they are with each other and their kids.
4025	Lead Balloon	Lead Balloon	Comedy	none	Sitcom about Rick Spleen, a disillusioned stand-up comedian and writer whose career has not gone to plan
4033	Wabbit	Wabbit	Comedy	5.0	"Wabbit" is A Looney Tunes Production focusing on Bugs Bunny with new adventures in the form of shorts. The series will feature 4 shorts per episode, a first for a Looney Tunes related television series. The hilarious, heroic and mischievous Bugs Bunny you love is back! From Warner Bros. Animation, Bugs stars in an all-new series consisting of comedic shorts that find the iconic carrot-loving rabbit matching wits against (and getting the best of) classic characters like Yosemite Sam and Wile E. Coyote. Along the way, Bugs will encounter brand-new foes…and he'll have some help from new friends like Bigfoot and Squeaks the Squirrel.
4034	Quick Draw	Quick Draw	Comedy	none	Quick Draw is an improvised comedy about Sheriff John Henry Hoyle's attempts to bring order to a raucous frontier town. With a fresh, unscripted feel, this show brings a riotous spontaneity to Hoyle's hunt for the Wild West's most dangerous criminals.
4047	The Monkees	The Monkees	Comedy	8.0	"The Monkees" is an American situation comedy that aired on NBC from 12 September 1966 to 25 March 1968. The series follows the adventures of four young men (the Monkees) trying to make a name for themselves as rock 'n roll singers. The show introduced a number of innovative new-wave film techniques to series television and won two Emmy Awards in 1967. The program ended on Labor Day 1968 at the finish of its second season and has received a long afterlife in Saturday morning repeats (CBS and ABC) and syndication, as well as overseas broadcasts.
4056	Big Red: The Original Outlaw Racer	Big Red: The Original Outlaw Racer	Drama	none	"Big Red: The Original Outlaw Racer" takes viewers deep inside the operation for an intimate and authentic look at the true core of the Team Big Red spirit and reveals what it takes to make a 1969 Camaro competitive in numerous and distinctly different disciplines of modern auto racing.
4056	Big Red: The Original Outlaw Racer	VARA Big Bore Bash	Drama	none	RJ and the crew take Big Red out to their home track, WillowSprings International Raceway, and go fender to fender in vintage auto racing against muscle cars of the 60's.
4056	Big Red: The Original Outlaw Racer	The Texas Mile	Drama	none	RJ and Big Red take on a new kind of speed contest, the Flying Mile; Larry and Dave struggle to get the new ``Monster Motor'' ready.
4056	Big Red: The Original Outlaw Racer	Virginia City Hillclimb	Drama	none	Big Red takes on a hillclimb challenge race from Virginia City, Nevada.
4056	Big Red: The Original Outlaw Racer	Mojave Mile	Drama	none	Big Red travels to a Flying Mile event closer to home. The team struggle over a 5-year span to break the 220 mph barrier that has eluded them in these events.
4056	Big Red: The Original Outlaw Racer	SCTA El Mirage Land Speed Racing	Drama	none	Big Red enters the world of land speed racing at the birthplace of hot rodding on the west coast.
4056	Big Red: The Original Outlaw Racer	Bonneville Salt Flats Land Speed Racing	Drama	none	Big Red gets ready to take on the legendary salt flats and try to break the record of 246 mph on the 5 mile straight line course.
4056	Big Red: The Original Outlaw Racer	Mojave Magnum/Greatest Hits	Drama	none	Big Red returns to the paved 1.5 mile speed track to defends its title; a look back at the best moments from Big Red's past, outtakes and never before seen footage.
4060	Duck Quacks Don't Echo (UK)	Duck Quacks Don't Echo (UK)	Comedy	none	Can dogs catch yawns from humans? Is it possible to sneeze with your eyes open? And do duck quacks indeed echo? Luckily, Lee Mack's on hand to answer these important questions in a brand new comedy panel series.Each week, three celebrity guests will offer up an incredible fact for discussion. With the help of some plucky boffins, they'll attempt to prove to their fellow panelists - and the nation - it's true. The first episode features Ruth Jones, alongside Dara O'Briain and Spice Girl, Melanie C.No stone will be left unturned in pursuit of the truth, whether it involves gluing celebs to the ceiling or giving electric shocks to the general public - for research purposes, of course.Panelists will score one another as they strive to unearth the most mind-blowing facts and the winner each week will take part in a daring studio stunt in the name of science (and great telly). "I'm really, really excited at the prospect of finally putting to the test such important, profound and meaningful debates as, 'Do cows with names really provide more milk?'" says Lee Mack.Well, do they?
4066	Master P's Family Empire	Master P's Family Empire	Music	none	Music mogul Master P is opening the doors to his family home on the network's original series, "Master P's Family Empire". Master P, whose real name is Percy Miller, is a single father who made it his mission to forge the Miller family empire—but with five kids ranging in age from nine to 25 it's not always easy keeping his business interests in order, let alone keeping his kids on track. How will he manage his own projects along with the singing, modeling, acting and sports careers of his children without losing his mind? Master P's Family Empire will give an inside look at how this single father skillfully juggles his roles as entrepreneur, philanthropist and hip-hop artist with his most important role: being a dad.
4067	The Way We Live Now	The Way We Live Now	Drama	none	Set in the railway boom of the 1870s, The Way We Live Now captures the turmoil as the old order is swept aside by the brash new forces of business and finance. It contains all the elements that made Trollope the most popular novelist of his day - the trials and tribulations of young love, the enduring values of honourable men; but also the raw energy and excitement of the most powerful city the world had ever seen, and the greed and corruption that lay just below its glittering surface. It is packed with incident - elopement, scandal, suicide, fortunes made and lost, love lost and won.
4067	The Way We Live Now	Episode 1	Drama	none	Infamous financier, Augustus Melmotte arrives in town with his wife, Madame Melmotte, and daughter, Marie, amid rumours of his financial wizardry and the eligibility of his heiress daughter. Concerns that Melmotte may also be an accomplished swindler are soon forgotten as London's impoverished establishment greedily anticipates a change in fortunes.
4067	The Way We Live Now	Episode 2	Drama	none	Paul is shocked at the news of his former love, Mrs Hurtle's, arrival in London. She is intent on keeping Paul to the promise of marriage that he made to her two years ago. Paul, now very much in love with Hetta Carbury, tries to explain that his feelings have changed, but the beguiling and sexually manipulative Mrs Hurtle warns him that it is up to her to release him from the engagement
4067	The Way We Live Now	Episode 3	Drama	none	Marie Melmotte arrives in Liverpool with her maid, Didon, on the first stage of her elopement, only to be arrested and taken back home in disgrace after her father has raised the alarm. Meanwhile, Felix is stopped from seeing Ruby by Mrs. Pipkin and Mrs. Hurtle, who refuse to allow the 'courtship' to continue until he makes his intentions clear
4067	The Way We Live Now	Episode 4	Drama	none	A newspaper publishes Paul's claims about Melmotte and the railway, and soon Melmotte is hounded by creditors. Melmotte needs his emergency fund, held in Marie's name, but she refuses to sign the money over to him. Hetta decides to find out the truth between Mrs. Hurtle and Paul. She visits Mrs. Hurtle who confirms the engagement, and tells Paul that she can never see him again.
4071	Las Fierbinti	Las Fierbinti	Comedy	10.0	Acţiunea se petrece în satul Fierbinţi, acolo unde existenţa locuitorilor se desfăşoară lent, într-un paradis rural care s-a adaptat, în stil pur românesc, la vremurile moderne. Viceprimarul Vasile vrea să îi ia locul actualului primar şi se bazează pe sprijinul cârciumarului Bobiţă şi al prietenului acestuia, Giani, şmecheraşul tipic de provincie. Celentano, Firicel a lu' Cimpoaie, Ardiles şi Moş Peleus, beţivii satului, sunt apariţii colorate şi pline de umor.
4071	Las Fierbinti	Minunea (1)	Comedy	10.0	Viata isi urma cursul firesc si linistit in Fierbinti, pana in momentul in care Celentano si Ardiles descopera un lucru nefiresc: tencuind casa Dalidei, cei doi descopera un lucru uimitor, o minune Dumnezeiasca, dupa cum o descrie Celentano.In cealalta parte a satului, Giani si Bobita pun la cale o noua afacere, pe cat de banoasa, pe atat de dubioasa. Un suedez aflat in trecere este aflat in cautarea unui partener cu care sa-si petreaca timpul. Ca de fiecare data, Bobita incearca sa-l convinga pe Giani sa intre in afacere si sa se ofere sa-i tina companie oaspetelui.In tot acest timp, Branzoi este hotarat sa divorteze si sa se casatoreasca cu Gianina.
4071	Las Fierbinti	Minunea (2)	Comedy	10.0	Giani si Bobita au hotarat sa-l bage in afacerea cu turistul strain pe mahnitul de Dorel. Insa, se pare ca afacerea nu va avea un final favorabil pentru Giani. Turistul a prins drag de el. Aspirina a intrat pe fir, fiind extrem de deranjata de competitia neloiala a turistului. Branzoi este hotarat sa divorteze de sotie si sa inceapa o noua viata alaturi de Gianina. Planul se pare ca se concretizeaza, numai ca nevasta acestuia are alte planuri.In cealalta parte a localitatii, Dalida s-a saturat de toata nebunia cu tencuiala casei si a decis sa termine lucrarea, distrugand capodopera, ceea ce l-a intristat extraordinar pe Celentano.
4071	Las Fierbinti	Clarvazatoarea (1)	Comedy	10.0	Dorel se pregateste intens pentru concursul de mancat ardei iuti din Slobozia. 1 kilogram de ardei iuti e munitia pentru competitia la care spera sa ia locul intai! Daca fratele mai mic este preocupat de competitii sportive, Bobita isi traieste linistit viata la o partida de pescuit cu bunul sau prieten, Giani. Ca un adevarat profesionist, Bobita ii destainuie cateva din secretele unui pescar adevarat: momeala din porumb zaharat, esenta de scoici, esenta de vanilie sau o solutie pe baza de feromoni.In tot acest timp, la Primarie este tristete mare. Robi este tare suparat si afectat de ceea ce crede Primarul Vasile despre el, totul iesind la iveala in momentul in care Aspirina a inceput sa citeasca gandurile localnicilor. Uimita de puterile Aspirinei, Gianina se duce la o investigatie specializata, ingrijorata de faptul ca nu are ganduri. Si nu e singura! Toti satenii sunt in pelerinaj la casa Aspirinei.
4071	Las Fierbinti	Clarvazatoarea (2)	Comedy	10.0	Viata linistita a localnicilor din Fierbinti a fost zguduita din temelii de puterile supranaturale ale Aspirinei! Robi a fost profund afectat de gandurile sefului direct, fiind hotarat sa paraseasca postul pentru a se muta din localitate. Totusi, puterea de convingere a lui Vasile a avut efect, Robi luand decizia sa-i mai acorde o sansa. La carciuma, Dorel s-a antrenat intens pentru concursul de mancat ardei iuti de la Slobozia, devorand o zi intreaga aproape 1 kg! Fierbintiul va fi zguduit! Revoltati de ce anume gandeste Primarul despre fiecare in parte, satenii se decid sa aleaga un nou conducator al localitatii. 3 candidati surpriza vor incerca sa obtina mult ravnitul post. Fara prea mare succes, planurile naruindu-se rapid. Evident, Vasile isi va gasi un aliat care sa-l ajute sa-si mentina serviciul. Aventurile la pescuit ale lui Bobita si Giani vor continua si azi. Daca Giani scoate peste dupa peste, folosind mamaliga pe post de momeala, Bobita nu reuseste sa captureze nimic, desi arsenalul este unul de top.
4072	Beyblade	Beyblade	Action	8.0	Thirteen-year-old Tyson Granger (Takao Kinomiya), along with his fellow teammates, Kai Hiwatari, Max Tate (Max Mizuhura), and Ray Kon (Rei Kon), strive to become the greatest Beybladers in the world. With the technical help of the team's resident genius, Kenny (Kyouju), and with the powerful strength of their BitBeasts, the Bladebreakers armed with their tops (AKA: Blades) attempt to reach their goal.
4074	Under Her Thumb	Under Her Thumb	Drama	none	"Under Her Thumb" is a "Glengarry Glen Ross meets The Real Housewives" and as a campy cautionary tale set in the morally bankrupt world of high-end New York City real estate.
4088	Cyderdelic	Cyderdelic	Comedy	none	Cyderdelic was a spoof mockumentary about a group of over-zealous West Country wannabe revolutionaries.
4090	Fonejacker	Fonejacker	Comedy	none	Prank caller first aired as part of channel 4 comedy lab, now has his own series.
4091	RWBY	RWBY	Action	9.0	The future-fantasy world of Remnant is filled with ravenous monsters, treacherous terrain, and more villains than you can shake a sniper-scythe at. Fortunately, Beacon Academy is training Huntsman and Huntresses to battle the evils of the world, and Ruby, Weiss, Blake, and Yang are ready for their first day of class.
4092	Seraph of the End: Vampire Reign	Seraph of the End: Vampire Reign	Action	8.0	One day, a mysterious virus appeared on Earth which killed every infected human over the age of 13. At the same time, vampires emerged from the world's dark recesses and enslaved mankind. Enter Hyakuya Yuuichirou, a young boy, who along with the rest of the children from his orphanage, are treated as livestock by the vampires. Even in captivity, Yuuichirou dreams big. He dreams of killing vampires. He dreams of killing them all.
4096	Medabots	Medabots	Action	none	A boy named Ikki Tenryou, using his Metabee, participates in Robottles; fights that square off robots, or 'Medarot', against eachother. Ikki must also stop the plans of the nefarious "RoboRobo Dan".
4097	Shaman King	Shaman King	Action	none	Asakura You is a shaman, one who can see and communicate with spirits. You is training to become the Shaman King, strongest among all the Shamans. The ones helping him are Manta, a short boy who can see ghosts and Amidamaru, who is an old samurai spirit and You's partner. However there are also others who are trying to get the title Shaman King.
4102	Monarch of the Glen	Monarch of the Glen	Drama	8.0	Set against t spectacular scenery of the Scottish Highlands, this immensely popular, heart-warming drama centers around an ancient castle, a collection of tartan-clad eccentrics and the handsome new master of the impoverished estate.
4104	Chosen	Chosen	Action	9.0	Continuing the story of Ian Mitchell (Ventimiglia) and his family, the second season of "Chosen" goes deeper into the deadly game the Mitchells were swept into and follows the lives of others who also received mysterious boxes forcing them to kill - or else - including new character Jacob Orr (Murray). The second season of six half-hour episodes ensures to pack more thrills, suspense and jaw-dropping moments.
4104	Chosen	The Box	Action	9.0	An unsuspecting father and lawyer, Ian Mitchell (Milo Ventimiglia), is thrust into a deadly game when a mysterious wooden box, containing a photograph of a stranger named Daniel Easton (Diedrich Bader) and a loaded gun, appears on his doorstep.
4104	Chosen	The Hunters	Action	9.0	Narrowly surviving his first day in the game, Ian finds himself and his family in further danger as tactics taken by the game's creators continue to infiltrate his life.
4104	Chosen	The Fixers	Action	9.0	After a near death encounter with another hunter (Brett Davern), Ian discovers that ‘The Watchers' steering the game are relentless as he frantically attempts to gain the upper hand.
4104	Chosen	The Watchers	Action	9.0	With the clock counting down, Ian uses everything at his disposal to save his family and comes face-to-face with the sadistic people in charge of the game.
4104	Chosen	The Cavalry	Action	9.0	With the help of a questionable criminal client, Ian devises a plan to get his daughter back from ‘The Watchers.'
4104	Chosen	The Way Out	Action	9.0	Ian and his estranged wife Laura (Nicky Whelan) find themselves forced to make one last desperate attempt to save their daughter before the clock expires.
4104	Chosen	Second Chances	Action	9.0	The game starts with new players, as the Mitchells continue to hide.
4104	Chosen	Heroes and Villains	Action	9.0	While Mitchells fight for their lives and to keep away from the Watchers, Jacob Orr tries to understand the game he is embroiled in.
4104	Chosen	Right at Your Door	Action	9.0	While the Mitchells go back on the run, Jacob Orr meets Leslie Brewer, his target.
4104	Chosen	Killers	Action	9.0	Jacob fights to keep King and Avery alive, while Ian and his family hide out in an isolated cabin.
4104	Chosen	Collision Course	Action	9.0	When Jacob decides to leave the game and throws the box away, everyone he loves is put in danger. However, when he's forced back into the game, a secret about the Watchers is revealed.
4104	Chosen	Protect Your Own	Action	9.0	Jacob discovers the reason he was chosen and why he will have to continue playing. Meanwhile, a hunter targets Ian's family.
4107	Spider-Man	Spider-Man	Action	7.0	First airing on the ABC television network in 1967, the series revolves around the scientific-minded teenager Peter Parker who, after being bitten by a radioactive spider, develops amazing strength and spider-like powers. He decides to become a crime-fighting, costumed superhero; all the while dealing with his personal problems and the insecurities resulting from being a teenager.
4108	Tripping the Rift	Tripping the Rift	Comedy	7.5	Upon being confronted by a mysterious stranger, Youko is told of her destiny and pulled away into another world. Thus begins Youko's perilous journey to the Kingdom of Kei on an epic road of espionage, terror, and betrayal. The mystic world of The Twelve Kingdoms assails her with one challange after another. Will Youko embrace her destiny?
4128	Chappelle's Show	Chappelle's Show	Comedy	none	It's not just a show -- it's a social phenomenon. Dave Chappelle's singular point of view is unleashed through a combination of stand-up bits and street-smart sketches. Hailed by critics and beloved by fans, Chappelle's Show brings the funk and the noise -- and some of the funniest comedy on television.
4132	Three's Company	Three's Company	Comedy	4.0	Three's Company was a groundbreaking comedy series that tripped and jiggled through a world of slapstick pratfalls and some of the most scandalously titillating comedy America had ever seen, and hasn't seen since.
4133	Mister Ed	Mister Ed	Comedy	none	Architect Wilbur Post (Alan Young, The Time Machine) and his wife Carol (Connie Hines) move into a beautiful new home complete with a barn in the backyard. When Wilbur takes a look in his new barn, he finds that the former owner left his horse behind. This horse is no ordinary horse . . . he can talk, but only to Wilbur, which leads to all sorts of misadventures for Wilbur and his trouble-making sidekick Mister Ed.
4133	Mister Ed	Ed Goes to College	Comedy	none	Mister Ed decides that it's time for him to go to medicalschool in order to become a "Palomino Horse Doctor" – P.H.D.
4138	#WhatSheSaid	#WhatSheSaid	Comedy	none	"#WhatSheSaid" features some of the country's foremost female comics commiserating, venting, and speaking the truth about being mothers in these crazy modern times. Things like social media, timesaving secrets, and no-nonsense attitudes come together for a real conversation -- with lots of laughter -- about the chaos of life and motherhood.
4138	#WhatSheSaid	Embrace the Wrinkles	Comedy	none	A group of dynamic women share tales of sex, motherhood, and how to juggle it all! From tips on traveling with kids to the art of manscaping, to decoding what the word "BAE" means, these funny ladies will give you their take on topics that matter to you.
4139	Coronation Street	Coronation Street	Drama	8.0	'Coronation Street' is the story of working people and the city street in which they live. The show has been seen all around the world and has remained in the top viewing ratings throughout its long lifetime.
4144	My So Called Wife	My So Called Wife	Drama	none	"My So Called Wife" is a dark comedy that follows Ava, a master-of-disguise con-artist who gets men and women to fall in love with her, marries them and then disappears with their money and just enough dirty inside information to guarantee they will never go to the police. But things get complicated when she falls in love with her latest mark, and three of her last victims join together to track her down.
4149	Dumb Prince	Dumb Prince	Comedy	none	"Dumb Prince", centers on a reluctant Crown Prince's attempt to run the family business his way, thereby throwing his highly publicized and dysfunctional family into chaos.
4150	Gintama	Gintama	Comedy	none	Life isn't easy in feudal Japan... especially since the aliens landed and conquered everything! Oh sure, the new health care is great, but the public ban on the use of swords has left a lot of defeated samurai with a difficult decision to make concerning their future career paths! This is especially true if, as in the case of Gintoki Sakata, they're not particularly inclined towards holding a day job, which is why Gintoki's opted for the freelance route, taking any job that's offered to him as long as the financial remuneration sounds right. Unfortunately, in a brave new world filled with stray bug-eyed monsters, upwardly mobile Yakuza and overly ambitious E.T. entrepreneurs, those jobs usually don't pay as well as they should for the pain, suffering and indignities endured!
4153	Warren the Ape	Warren the Ape	Comedy	10.0	Warren The Ape is a parody of "the life of a celebrity" reality show, focused on the trials and tribulations of a D-grade celebrity puppet who is attempting to clean up his act, patch up his relationships and scramble his way back into the Hollywood limelight with the help of his doctor, Dr. Drew Pinsky.Warren "The Ape" Demontague is a brash, cantankerous, out-of-work actor. Having had a brief taste of success on the former sitcom "Greg the Bunny", Warren's life has been in a downward spiral ever since the show got cancelled. Over the past few years, Warren has paid more attention to drugs, booze and women than his career, which as of late has mostly consisted of a series of seedy exploitation films, obscure industrials, low-rent theatre productions and a regrettable string of skin flicks.
4157	Murphy's Law of Love	Murphy's Law of Love	Comedy	none	When Love meets Murphy's law… Usually, the more you say you can't be with one person, the more likely you'll end up with that person!? The dilemma in love, do you want the perfect 4G guy or the brash guy? Can it be that falling in love with him is inevitable?
4158	Quarry	Quarry	Drama	none	Based on the novels of Max Allan Collins, "QUARRY" tells the story of Mac Conway, a Marine who returns home to Memphis from Vietnam in 1972 and finds himself shunned by those he loves and demonized by the public. As he struggles to cope with his experiences at war, Conway is drawn into a network of killing and corruption that spans the length of the Mississippi River.
4160	Smeris	Smeris	Action	none	Theo Kamp (Jeroen van Koningsbrugge) is the best, but also most dashing homicide detective Tilburg. When he steps out of line for the umpteenth time in the search for top criminal Freddy van Nuenen, he is taken off the case and as punishment, transfered over to the hemp team. Here he is aspected to lay low under the supervision of his new partner William Niessen (Dennis van de Ven), the most correct detective of the corps.  Theo is not going to give up his investigation. Will he manage, with the disadvantage of having William as his watchdog, to still catch Freddy van Nuenen and also get his old job back?
4164	Mind Games	Mind Games	Drama	6.0	With a little bit of science, a dash of con-artistry, plus a smattering of Jedi mind tricks, brothers Ross (Christian Slater) and Clark Edwards (Steve Zahn) can tailor a plan to influence any life-altering situation, thereby making their clients' dreams come true and their nightmares go away. They are partners in Edwards and Associates, an unusual business based on the belief that people's decisions are influenced by their environment in ways they're not aware. By using the hard science of psychological manipulation, the brothers commit to solving their clients' problems. With Clark's expertise and Ross's con artist ways, each believing to know what makes people tick, and with their unique staff to help them, the brothers will use psychology and science to offer clients an alternative to their fates.
4164	Mind Games	Pilot	Drama	6.0	Clark, an expert in human behavior, and his brother Ross, a former con-artist recently out of prison, open a unique agency where they use psychological manipulation to help solve their client's problems. In their first case, they attempt to help a mother whose young son is suffering from a heart condition by convincing the health insurance company's head of claims to approve a previously denied experimental treatment
4164	Mind Games	Asymmetric Dominance	Drama	6.0	The team is hired by an executive at a consulting firm who's been overlooked for a promotion she's next in line for in place of a younger male candidate with less experience. Meanwhile, Ross is worried that Beth can't keep their secret from the past and hires a con-woman pal to find out Beth's real intentions with Clark. Later, Ross tries to call a truce with Claire but she still doesn't trust his motives.
4164	Mind Games	Pet Rock	Drama	6.0	When a promising, bright college student unexpectedly joins a cult, her parents desperately try to get her out and turn to Edwards and Associates for their expertise. Later, Claire uncovers Ross' deceit with Clark and feels compelled to reveal the truth. However, when she sees how happy Clark is, she faces a crossroads.
4164	Mind Games	Apophenia	Drama	6.0	A newly elected congressman considers breaking one of the core promises of his campaign by voting against a bill that would make trigger locks for handguns mandatory. His change of heart deeply affects his young son, so he hires the firm to get his father to change his mind, causing Clark to work through his own father issues. Meanwhile, a cutthroat reporter looking to payback the firm for blackmailing his friend threatens the future of Edwards and Associates.
4164	Mind Games	Cauliflower Man	Drama	6.0	The team is hired by Jim McKenna, a researcher who tried to blow the whistle on his employer for creating dangerous genetically-modified cauliflower, but in the process was fired and had his life ruined. The team enacts a plan to convince his former colleague to leak documentation to validate McKenna's claims and expose their employer. However, in the midst of the plan, Clark suffers from a meltdown that leaves him bedridden. In an effort to get him back on the case, Ross stoops to new lows. Meanwhile, Latrell struggles to find the funds to pay the company's employees as the firm's finances begin to pile up.
4164	Mind Games	Texts, Lies and Audiotape	Drama	6.0	The team is hired by an unfaithful man who wants to end his extramarital affair so he can return to his wife. Then, after Clark and Beth's car accident, their relationship is tested when Beth's parents become concerned for her safety and consequently, weary of Clark. Meanwhile, Clark desperately tries to figure out what caused the accident while a guilt-ridden Ross struggles to own up to his mistakes.
4165	Stromberg	Stromberg	Comedy	8.0	A comedy centered around the incompetent boss of a German insurance office.Based loosely on the UK Series The Office
4167	We Are Men	We Are Men	Comedy	5.0	WE ARE MEN is a single-camera comedy about four single guys living in a short-term apartment complex who unexpectedly find camaraderie over their many missteps in love. Carter (Chris Smith), the youngest and most recent addition to the group, moved in after being ditched at the altar mid-ceremony, and is now eager to re-enter the dating scene and get on with his life with some guidance from his "band of brothers": Frank Russo (Golden Globe and multiple Emmy Award winner Tony Shalhoub), a successful middle-aged clothing manufacturer and four-time divorcée who still fancies himself a ladies man; Gil Bartis (Kal Penn), a small business owner who was caught having the world's worst affair; and Stuart Strickland (Jerry O'Connell), a speedo-wearing OB/GYN who's hiding his assets until his second divorce is settled. Jill (Rebecca Breeds) is Frank's charming and attractive daughter, who stands as the one positive remnant from his failed relationships. Armed with a hot tub, pool-side barbeque and plenty of questionable advice, these losers in the marriage department take Carter under their wing to impart their own brand of wisdom about the opposite sex.
4168	Wilfred	Wilfred	Comedy	6.0	A boy, a girl and a bong smoking dog who thinks he's human…continue their dysfunctional love triangle. When Adam asks Sarah to marry him and she says "yes", her jealous mutt Wilfred unleashes his own special brand of hell. Then there are the gladbag of guest stars who will join he, Adam and Sarah over eight hysterical weeks, includingSarah's nudist parents, Richmond's sexiest cat and a handful of dogs whofight, fornicate and make friends with Australia's most loved walking,talking four legged freak. Hang on to your souls Australia, thisis a show that takes love, hate, humour and healing to unheard ofplaces. Put the kettle on and refrain from doing the naughty boy becauseWilfred is back and he's got a very itchy arse.
4169	The Confession	The Confession	Drama	8.0	A unique story of redemption and an exploration of good and evil featuring a hit man and a priest.
4171	The Guild	The Guild	Comedy	7.0	"The Guild" is a comedy web series about a group of online gamers. The show started in 2007, and for the first season, was solely supported by LOYAL FANS through Paypal, before Kickstarter was created. From seasons 2-5 the show was sponsored by Xbox in a groundbreaking web video deal that kept the show independently owned, and then ended its run on YouTube in 2012 with the final season 6.
4172	Aunt Jill	Aunt Jill	Comedy	none	"Aunt Jill" is loosely based on Amy Poehler‘s real aunt, who is said to be providing an endless supply of stories. The half-hour comedy centers on Jill (Collins), a smart, confident, hilarious and lovable 50-year-old who chose a different path than most women her age by focusing on her career and social life instead of getting married and having a family. An independent woman her entire life, Jill now has to depend on her judgmental older sister and neurotic millennial niece as she reinvents herself and her career.
4174	30 Degrees In February	30 Degrees In February	Drama	8.0	A few people goes to Thailand in hope to find a happier life.The worked out mother of two children Kajsa, is having a stroke and decides to move to Thailand with her daughters in hope of finding peace and quiet. She leaves her home and job in Sweden and takes her family to the bungalow hotel Happiness where they stayed on their previous vacation. When they get there, Happiness is closed and for sale, so Kajsa decides to buy it.Majlis don't ever want to leave the vacation in Thailand. She want to retire there together with her husband and live on his pension. But the cranky old man doesn't want anything but to go home to Sweden.Glenn is 45 years old, alone and a virgin. He dreams of a family with children and tried desperately to find a woman to share his dream with. After having several failures in finding a woman in Sweden, he decides to go to Thailand and try his luck there.
4174	30 Degrees In February	Episode 1	Drama	8.0	Workaholic Kajsa buys a bungalow hotel and brings her daughters to start a new life. The bullied housewife Majlis goes with her husband Bengt on vacation and don't want to return home. Glenn will make every effort to acquire family in Thailand.
4174	30 Degrees In February	Episode 2	Drama	8.0	Chan wants to repurchase Happiness Bungalows from Kajsa. Joy is trying to prevent her mother to start working again, while Majlis escapes from the hotel and her husband to continue to dive. Glenn gets even more excited for Karn, but is she the dream he seeks?
4174	30 Degrees In February	Episode 3	Drama	8.0	Glenn meets Oh, but he does not realize that she is a ladyboy. Majlis intends to remain in Thailand, despite Bengts protests. Kajsa works on her bungalow-dream and Joy meets Pong.
4174	30 Degrees In February	Episode 4	Drama	8.0	Finally Happiness Bungalows opens, but Chan builds new bungalows on the other side of the fence. Majlis is intoxicated by her newfound freedom. Oh introduces her sister, Dit, for Glenn.
4174	30 Degrees In February	Episode 5	Drama	8.0	The war over Happiness Bungalows continues. Joy does not know Pong live just a few meters from her. Virgin Glenn meets Dits parents and Majlis has done something very bad and tries to hide it.
4174	30 Degrees In February	Episode 6	Drama	8.0	Kajsa tries to prevent Joy from telling the truth to Pong. Majlis stepson Bengt Jr. pops up and wonder where his father is. Glenn becomes more and more uncertain which of the sisters he is in love with.
4174	30 Degrees In February	Episode 7	Drama	8.0	Joy does everything she can to get Kajsa and Wilda out of jail. Glenn tries to get rid of his rival, while Majlis stepson Bengt Jr. begins to sense that something is wrong.
4174	30 Degrees In February	Episode 8	Drama	8.0	Glenn builds a house for himself and Oh, unaware of her big secret. Joy is having a hard time to get away from her family. It becomes even more difficult for the Majlis to conceal her secret.
4174	30 Degrees In February	Episode 9	Drama	8.0	Kajsa keeps a firm grip on in her dream, while Joy is fighting against her conscience. Glenn is confronted with the fact that the woman he loves is a man.
4174	30 Degrees In February	Episode 10	Drama	8.0	In the chaos after the disaster, Kajsa and Chan are looking for their children. Glenn is looking for her Oh, but sees a child in need of help.
4176	Pre-Madonna	Pre-Madonna	Comedy	none	"Pre-Madonna" finds Sarita Gupta entering a Chicago high school in 1983 and navigating the painful and hilarious path of finding out who she really is.
4178	Dr. K's Exotic Animal ER	Dr. K's Exotic Animal ER	Drama	none	Dr. Susan Kelleher owns and operates one of the busiest exotic animal care practices located in South Florida, Broward Avian and Exotics Animal Hospital. "Everything but dogs and cats. If it will fit through the door, I'll treat it!" is Dr. K's motto. And through the door they come. Rabbits, reptiles and birds of all shapes and sizes, foxes, ferrets, fish, marsupials, and even primates all on "Dr. K's Exotic Animal ER".
4178	Dr. K's Exotic Animal ER	Sir Lynx-a-Lot	Drama	none	It's business as usual at Dr. K's exotic animal E.R., until a stressed out Eurasian lynx is brought in for over-grooming and not eating. Dr. K suspects a large hairball to be at the root of the problem, and contemplates emergency surgery on the large cat. Dr. Thielen sees two emergency cases of her own, including a ball python that was brutally attacked by a feeder rat, and a rescued cockatiel that is in distress, trying to lay an egg. A lame baby chicken gets a new lease on life, while a recently neutered pot-bellied pig continues to heal and hopefully get rid of his "boy juices" smell.
4178	Dr. K's Exotic Animal ER	Chinchillin' Like a Villain	Drama	none	A hedgehog attacked by a dog is brought into the clinic with a broken leg. Meanwhile, a 9-year-old chinchilla presenting with diarrhea becomes a life or death emergency.
4178	Dr. K's Exotic Animal ER	Turtle-Necked	Drama	none	Dr. K and her team are preparing for surgery on Bob the sulcata tortoise, who was brought in with a mass on his neck, likely a puncture wound caused by humping a stack of wood. At the same time, an emergency case is rushed into the treatment room. Shelby, a 9-year-old chinchilla, is bleeding from the mouth and the cause is unknown. Dr. K rushes to solve the case before the fragile animal loses too much blood. Meanwhile, Dr. Thielen takes on a mystery case involving a therapy chicken with a lame leg. The diagnosis leaves the owner faced with a heart-wrenching decision, while Mimi the pot-bellied pig is put to the weight loss test after being put on a diet.
4179	1066: The Battle for Middle Earth	1066: The Battle for Middle Earth	Action	none	Epic drama revealing the untold story of the Norman Conquest through the eyes of the ordinary villagers caught up in the chaos
4179	1066: The Battle for Middle Earth	Episode 1	Action	none	This two-part historical drama tells the tale of three ordinary Anglo-Saxons dragged into fighting brutal wars against Vikings and then Normans on the most famous date in British history.
4179	1066: The Battle for Middle Earth	Episode 2	Action	none	In the concluding part of this historical drama, Tofi, Leofric and Ordgar race south to save Crowhurst and defend England from the invading Norman army.
4180	Sword of Honour	Sword of Honour	Drama	none	Award-winning writer William Boyd's adaptation of Evelyn Waugh's epic Second World War trilogy into a lavish two-part drama starring Daniel Craig, Megan Dodds and Leslie Phillips
4180	Sword of Honour	Episode 1	Drama	none	The absurdity of army life proves more of a challenge to Guy than facing the enemy
4180	Sword of Honour	Episode 2	Drama	none	Guy's unit has to cover the British army's retreat in Crete
4181	Kitchen Confidential	Kitchen Confidential	Comedy	9.0	Celebrity chef Jack Bourdain, currently making pizzas at a chain restaurant, is offered an opportunity to become head chef of Nolita, a hip New York City restaurant. Pino, the owner of the establishment, has 300 reservations on the bookS and no food, crew or chef. He gives Jack the job and 48 hours to get it done. Jack raids other kitchens, bringing in an all-star team of chefs from his past. When a food critic Jack met during his wild days comes to Nolita, things have a horrible way of going wrong. Chaos ensues, but there is hope - the food critic gives Nolita a rave review on the "Exile on Main Street".
4187	10 O'Clock Live	10 O'Clock Live	Comedy	none	A weekly, live comedy and current affairs show hosted by David Mitchell, Jimmy Carr, Charlie Brooker and Lauren Laverne
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 1	Comedy	none	A new weekly, live comedy and current affairs show hosted by David Mitchell, Jimmy Carr, Charlie Brooker and Lauren Laverne. Mitchell interviews David Willetts, the Minister for Universities and Science.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 2	Comedy	none	David Mitchell, Jimmy Carr, Charlie Brooker and Lauren Laverne broadcast live from TV Centre. Alistair Campbell is amongst the guests tonight.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 3	Comedy	none	Guests include Caroline Lucas, the leader of The Green Party; and Dr Lucie Green, a Solar Astronomer. Also, David Mitchell asks a panel of guests whether the government should be selling everything off for a few quick quid.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 4	Comedy	none	Discussions about the political unrest in Egypt, greedy bankers, and the Government's 'Big Society' idea. Plus, an interview with Simon Hughes MP, Deputy Leader of the Liberal Democrats.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 5	Comedy	none	David Mitchell, Jimmy Carr, Charlie Brooker and Lauren Laverne broadcast live again. Guests include 'Freakonomics' co-author Stephen J Dubner, and David Mitchell chairs a panel debating whether protests work.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 6	Comedy	none	David Mitchell, Jimmy Carr, Charlie Brooker and Lauren Laverne broadcast live. Guests include General Secretary of the Rail Maritime and Transport Workers union, Bob Crow.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 7	Comedy	none	Lord Robert Winston and Conservative Dr Daniel Poulter MP discuss the NHS reforms with David Mitchell; Meanwhile Charlie Brooker looks at Gadaffi, Charlie Sheen's week and the iPad 2 launch; and Jimmy Carr attempts some product placement.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 8	Comedy	none	Topical comedy show broadcast live. David Mitchell, Jimmy Carr, Charlie Brooker and Lauren Laverne present an intelligent, informative and - most importantly - funny take on the world of current affairs.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 9	Comedy	none	Topical comedy show broadcast live. David Mitchell, Jimmy Carr, Charlie Brooker and Lauren Laverne present an intelligent, informative and - most importantly - funny take on the world of current affairs.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 10	Comedy	none	Topical comedy show broadcast live. David Mitchell, Jimmy Carr, Charlie Brooker and Lauren Laverne present an intelligent, informative and - most importantly - funny take on the world of current affairs.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 11	Comedy	none	Topical comedy show broadcast live. David Mitchell, Jimmy Carr, Charlie Brooker and Lauren Laverne present an intelligent, informative and - most importantly - funny take on the world of current affairs.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 12	Comedy	none	Topical comedy show broadcast live. John Prescott talks about phone hacking and there's a debate on social mobility.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 13	Comedy	none	The topical comedy show continues. Tonight's topics will include the future of banking, and the arrests of the News Of The World journalists. David Mitchell interviews high profile Labour MP Tessa Jowell.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 14	Comedy	none	Tonight's show will include a look at super-injunctions with broadcaster Clive Anderson and media lawyer Charlotte Harris; and a debate on the Monarchy.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 15	Comedy	none	The last episode of the topical comedy show broadcast live. David Mitchell, Jimmy Carr, Charlie Brooker and Lauren Laverne look forward to the Royal Wedding tomorrow.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 1	Comedy	none	Jimmy Carr, David Mitchell, Charlie Brooker and Lauren Laverne return for a new series of the topical satire show, in a new shorter-length format.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 2	Comedy	none	Lauren, Jimmy, David and Charlie are back to look over another week's news events.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 3	Comedy	none	Lauren, Jimmy, David and Charlie are back to look over another week's news events.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 4	Comedy	none	Lauren, Jimmy, David and Charlie are back to look over another week's news events.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 5	Comedy	none	Lauren, Jimmy, David and Charlie are back to look over another week's news events.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 6	Comedy	none	Lauren, Jimmy, David and Charlie are back to look over another week's news events.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 7	Comedy	none	Lauren, Jimmy, David and Charlie are back to look over another week's news events.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 8	Comedy	none	Lauren, Jimmy, David and Charlie are back to look over another week's news events.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 9	Comedy	none	In the run-up to Easter, David hosts a debate on the future of political parties, Charlie addresses the non-existent fuel crisis, and there's a look at controversial communications monitoring proposals.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 10	Comedy	none	Tonight, Charlie looks at the rise and fall of journalist Samantha Brick, David discusses elitism, and Lauren explains teachers' dislike for Education Secretary Michael Gove.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 1	Comedy	none	The team return with a further refined format. Topics on the first show of the series include the legacy of Baroness Thatcher; the Boston Marathon bombings; and the Sunday Times Rich List.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 2	Comedy	none	This week, the 10 O'Clock Live team look ahead to Thursday's local elections; discuss pensioners' benefits; and a handsome Arab.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 3	Comedy	none	Tonight, Lauren, Charlie, David and Jimmy look at last week's local elections; the State Opening of Parliament; and debate the role of small parties in British politics.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 4	Comedy	none	Topics on the fourth episode of the series include the EU, Star Wars, and the failures of all three party leaders: David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 5	Comedy	none	On the show this week, the team discuss gay marriage; 'swivel-eyed loons' and David Cameron's leadership with Gyles Brandreth; and Google's taxes.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 6	Comedy	none	As May draws to a close, Charlie Brooker comments on Muslims in the media; women are under David Mitchell's spotlight; and the team discuss the internet foolhardiness of Sally Bercow.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 7	Comedy	none	David Mitchell is joined by Conservative MP Zac Goldsmith and Labour's Diane Abbott to discuss MP recall. The team also avoid speculation about Tulisa Contostavlos's arrest, and there's stand-up from Rich Hall.
4187	10 O'Clock Live	Episode 8	Comedy	none	At a somewhat later time than usual, the team look at privacy in the wake of the Prism scandal, and freedom of speech in the social media age.
4201	One-Punch Man	One-Punch Man	Comedy	none	One-Punch Man is a super hero who has trained so hard that his hair has fallen out, and who can overcome any enemy with one punch. However, because he is so strong, he has become bored and frustrated with winning all his battles so easily.
4211	Collision	Collision	Drama	none	Police drama series. Troubled detective John Tolin returns to work after an extended period of leave, and is handed a complicated case involving a shocking road traffic accident.
4211	Collision	Episode 1	Drama	none	Troubled detective John Tolin returns to work after an extended period of leave, and is handed a complicated case involving a shocking road traffic accident.
4211	Collision	Episode 2	Drama	none	The chaotic aftermath of the collision brings more twists and surprises. Why did van driver Danny Rampton flee the scene? And what has secretary Karen Donnelly stolen from work? ..
4211	Collision	Episode 3	Drama	none	Tolin already knows that there is more to the collision than meets the eye, but his boss considers the case closed so he has to beg for more time to unravel all the mysteries.
4211	Collision	Episode 4	Drama	none	The truth about Jodie's accident and Tolin's guilt comes out - can Tolin reconcile his relationship with Ann with his need to protect his daughter? Tolin and Ann find James Taylor.
4211	Collision	Episode 5	Drama	none	The secret of Sidney's computer is unlocked. Tolin and Ann gain closure on their relationship and the truth of the collision is revealed.
4213	High Hopes	High Hopes	Drama	9.0	High Hopes is a surreal comedy, set in the South Wales valleys. It follows the ups and downs of four people from the wrong side of the tracks as they form themselves into an unlikely but close-knit family group - Fagin, Mam, Hoffman and Charlie.
4214	Satellite City	Satellite City	Comedy	7.0	Comedy series written by Jane and Boyd Clack
4226	Little Dorrit	Little Dorrit	Drama	none	Fourteen-part adaptation of Dickens' powerful story of love, honour, debt and hope in 1820s London, written by Andrew Davies.
4231	He-Man and the Masters of the Universe	He-Man and the Masters of the Universe	Action	none	"He-Man and the Masters Of The Universe" was a revival of the classic 80's cartoon. These new episodes focus on the early adventures of Prince Adam, who having just become Eternia's most powerful guardian, grapples with his new awesome powers. As He-Man, Prince Adam must lead the Masters Of The Universe into battle against the villanous Skeletor and his evil henchmen, who scheme to rule Eternia and spread chaos through the kingdom.
4233	The adventures of the Galaxy Rangers	The adventures of the Galaxy Rangers	Children	none	The series combined sci-fi stories with traditional wild west themes. It was one of the first anime-style shows produced mainly in the USA, although the actual animation was done by the Japanese animation studio Tokyo Movie Shinsha. At the time it aired, The Adventures of the Galaxy Rangers was considered a revolutionary children's show.
4234	Stella	Stella	Drama	none	Set in the town of Pontyberry, in the heart of the Welsh Valleys, Stella is a heartwarming comedy-drama written by and starring Ruth Jones.Ruth plays Stella, a single mum of three. She doesn't have a lot of money, but she manages to keep the wolf from the door, and she's got a lot of love.Now training to be a nurse, Stella navigates the dramas of small-town life - chiefly her own - and a rather complicated love life. But could new neighbour Michael Jackson be the route to happiness?
4236	Love Monkey	Love Monkey	Drama	none	Based on the best-selling book by Kyle Smith, "Love Moneky," stars Tom Cavanaugh, an up-and-coming record executive, trying to balance his career and dating life. Bob Winsor reports.
4237	Prokurator	Prokurator	Action	none	Prokurator Kazimierz Proch wraz z policjantem Witoldem Kielakiem postanawia rozgryźć zagadkę dotyczącej swojej rodziny.
4241	The incredible Hulk	The incredible Hulk	Action	none	Gamma radiation! Tanks! Weird little Gargoyle creature! All that and more can be found in the '90s animated series "The Incredible Hulk" and today, you get to watch the entire series from start to finish HERE! Finally, the perfect occasion for those purple pants you purchased a few months ago! Go! Get them on and start watching!
4251	Rita	Rita	Drama	none	Independent, outspoken and adored by her students, private school teacher Rita fares less well with adults in this comedy-drama from Denmark.
4252	Our Girl	Our Girl	Drama	none	Our Girl is the story of Molly Dawes who takes her destiny into her own hands and joins the British Army as a medic.
4252	Our Girl	Episode 1	Drama	none	Molly is over-the-moon to be sent to Afghanistan as a medic on one of the army's final deployments. But when she arrives she knows she needs to prove herself to her new platoon. Things take a bad turn when she fails to cut it more than once, but worse than that she has to deal with an old-flame who is part of the regiment and who makes her life harder than it should be. She gets no help or support from her commanding officer, the haughty Captain James, who doesn't seem to notice just how brilliant she really is at her job. The challenge is on for Molly Dawes to prove her worth to him. So when an unforeseen event puts a soldier's life in danger Molly gets to prove she's more than one of the boys, she's our girl.
4252	Our Girl	Episode 2	Drama	none	Molly's friendship with little Afghan girl Bashira grows, they are totally soul sisters! But this new-found emotional bond takes a more serious turn when Bashira warns Molly about an impending attack. Should Molly trust the child? Is she all she seems? Meanwhile Molly's brilliance at her job begins to attract the attention of Captain James, who might be harbouring an attraction to her. What Molly can't quite figure out is - does he fancy her too?
4252	Our Girl	Episode 3	Drama	none	Molly returns home on rest and relaxation but she finds that her life and perspective on the world have changed beyond measure since she has been away. Her family can see that they are growing apart. When she visits fellow squaddie Smurf, they bond over their shared difficulties in this new domesticity and both wish they were back in Afghanistan. As they grow closer, Smurf reveals he has fallen for Molly. Unfortunately her affections lie elsewhere - back in Camp Bastion with the captain. This is a fact about which Smurf knows nothing.
4252	Our Girl	Episode 4	Drama	none	The platoon is bored in Camp Bastion, preparing to withdraw from Afghanistan. Emotions ride high as both Captain James and Smurf declare their love for Molly, who worryingly finds herself at the centre of an illicit love triangle that compromises army regulations. Trouble finds Molly one last time as she becomes entangled in a raid against the Taliban - and soon the entire platoon are sent on a final terrifying mission as a consequence. Not one of our three heroes can afford to take their eye off the job, not for a single moment, or disaster will surely strike. James, Smurf and Molly know the rules. But isn't love stronger than army regulations?
4252	Our Girl	Episode 5	Drama	none	As she returns home from Afghanistan, difficult questions rain down upon Molly Dawes. Who will live and who will die? Can she ever pick up the pieces? Brave choices beckon for Our Girl as she faces her biggest challenge yet: how will she face her own future?
4253	Ninja Scroll	Ninja Scroll	Action	8.0	Ten years after his popular feature Ninja Scroll (1993), Yoshiaki Kawajiri returned to the adventures of super-ninja Jubei Kibagami in a broadcast series. A wanderer who can cleave enemies in two with a single sword-stroke, Jubei gets drawn into a ghoulish war while trying to get a peaceful night's sleep. The Hiruko and Kimon ninja clans are fighting over the mysterious Dragon Stone, which confers extraordinary wealth and power. It's somehow linked to Shigure, a woman whom the ninjas call the Light Maiden. With some faltering help from thief Tsubute and Dakuan, an aged but powerful monk, Jubei sets out to deliver the magical Stone to Shigure. What follows is a repetitious gore-fest: Jubei splits, beheads, and skewers an endless array of bizarre-looking demons. At one point, a ship literally floats away on a sea of blood. Despite some simple computer animated effects, Ninja Scroll looks more like a series from the mid-'80s than 2003. The designs of the characters, endless duels, and meandering storyline recall Fist of the North Star and other early, blood-soaked epics.
4257	After You've Gone	After You've Gone	Comedy	none	Family sitcom following the misadventures of the only man in Britain to get divorced and end up with his mother-in-law.
4258	One of Us	One of Us	Drama	none	A horrific double murder rocks the lives of two families living side-by-side in isolated rural Scotland. But instead of focusing on the investigation, One Of Us explores the fallout for the grieving relatives, and the dark consequences that threaten to shatter their lives.
4261	Zorro	Zorro	Comedy	none	"Zorro" was set in Spanish California, this often-refilmed story chronicles the adventures of Don Diego de la Vega, a young nobleman who lives a double live as El Zorro ('the Fox'), protector of the people of the Pueblo de Los Angeles during the early 1800s. Hiding behind the mannerisms of a bookish fop, Diego keeps his second identity hidden from everyone but his servant, Felipe. Zorro's greatest enemy is always the Alcalde, who personifies the distant Spanish government in Los Angeles. Cantina-owner (and independent woman far ahead of her time) Victoria Escalante provides the love interest.
4262	Zorro	Zorro	Comedy	6.0	In the early nineteenth century, back from Spain, where he was studying, Don Diego de la Vega discovers that Los Angeles is tyrannized by the garrison commander of this small town of Spanish California. The young nobleman decides to fight these abuses of power and takes up arms in the name of "Zorro" (Spanish for fox), a masked horseman dressed in black. Don Diego is assisted by his faithful mute servant Bernardo, who is in secret, and his black horse, Tornado.
4264	Why the BLEEP Am I Still Single?	Why the BLEEP Am I Still Single?	Drama	none	With the help of Dr. Pepper Schwartz from Married at First Sight, two people with common dating issues are given 21 days to see if they can break their bad dating habits and find true love on "Why the BLEEP Am I Still Single?"
4264	Why the BLEEP Am I Still Single?	Lee & Mercedez (Pilot)	Drama	none	With the help of Dr. Pepper Schwartz from "Married at First Sight", two people with common dating issues are given 21 days to see if they can break their bad dating habits and find true love.
4265	Gigi Does It	Gigi Does It	Comedy	none	IFC is joining Gigi on her new and unexpected lease on life with "Gigi Does It", starring David Krumholtz (This Is The End, Numb3rs, 10 Things I Hate About You). Gertrude Rotblum, aka "Gigi," just lost her beloved husband Harold, but has gained a new lease on life with the help of her unexpected inheritance and trusty male sidekick played by Ricky Mabe (Goon, Zach & Miri Make A Porno).
4265	Gigi Does It	Glock Schlock	Comedy	none	Gigi Rotblum inherits her late husband's secret fortune, hires an assistant (Ricky Mabe) and takes unexpected measures to protect herself. Guest star: James Urbaniak.
4265	Gigi Does It	Call Your Grandma	Comedy	none	Upset that her grandson won't return her calls, Gigi decides to write a children's book about the perils of not respecting your grandmother. Guest star: Peter MacNicol.
4265	Gigi Does It	Wart-a-Colors	Comedy	none	Wanting to overcome her lifelong body image issues, Gigi attends a local art class to pose nude for a portrait. Guest star: Lesley Ann Warren.
4265	Gigi Does It	A Regular Kristy Yamatushy	Comedy	none	Due to her late husband's ice skating injury, Gigi quit the sport. In her newfound freedom Gigi revisits her pastime and discovers that Ricky has a secret aptitude for figure skating.
4265	Gigi Does It	Eat Something	Comedy	none	Gigi explores the culinary world in hopes of learning to cook a meal that will win the heart of the newest bachelor at the retirement home. Guest star: George Wallace.
4265	Gigi Does It	Let's Get Schvitzical	Comedy	none	After Gigi visits a sex therapist, she realizes that the game has changed and enrolls in gymnastics to work on her flexibility.
4265	Gigi Does It	Whine	Comedy	none	When Tretchy, Gigi's frenemy, condescendingly tells Gigi that she couldn't hang with Boca's elite, Gigi embarks to one up Tretchy at her own charity event. Guest stars: Lesley Ann Warren and Stephen Schneider.
4265	Gigi Does It	Love Thyself	Comedy	none	When Gigi is finally ready to put herself out there, she and Ricky go speed dating to find love. Guest stars: Barry Bostwick and Jayma Mays.
4266	The Inspectors	The Inspectors	Drama	none	Set in Washington, D.C., "The Inspectors" is inspired by real cases handled by the United States Postal Inspection Service. Preston Wainwright is a teenager who doesn't let the paralysis he incurred in a car accident hold him back, and he enjoys working as an intern for his postal inspector mother, Amanda. Together they solve crimes, including Internet scams. The show endeavors to educate young people about making good choices and the importance of communicating with parents and includes a positive message about living with a disability.
4267	Circus Boy	Circus Boy	Drama	none	"Circus Boy" is an American action/adventure/drama series that aired in prime time on NBC, and then on ABC, from 1956 to 1958. It was then rerun by NBC on Saturday mornings, from 1958 to 1960. Set in the late 1890s, the title of the series refers to a boy named Corky. After his parents, "The Flying Falcons," were killed in a trapeze accident, young Corky (Micky Dolenz – billed at the time as Mickey Braddock) was adopted by Joey the Clown (Noah Beery, Jr.), and the whole Burke and Walsh Circus family.The young boy quickly found a role with the circus as water boy to Bimbo, a baby elephant whom Corky would come to consider his pet. Riding Bimbo's back, Corky dealt withadolescent problems, and helped the show's adults including Joey, owner/promoter Big Tim Champion (Robert Lowery). and head canvasman Pete (Guinn Williams), keep the circus successful as the traveling show moved from town to town each week.
4269	Free Radio	Free Radio	Comedy	none	What happens when a legendary morning shock-jock abandons his post, leaving the feeble-minded intern in charge? Carnage and mayhem...but funny carnage and mayhem. Free Radio is improvised comedy that chronicles the Cinderella story of one dim-witted intern, Lance (played by Lance Krall) who answers his call to greatness by jumping in to host a popular radio show when the real host defects to satellite radio. What follows is a glorious train wreck of botched celebrity interviews, on-air tantrums and generally lovable buffoonery. The twist? Lance's hosting effort is so spectacularly awful, that ratings actually go up. This, of course, forces his frustrated manager, James (played by Brian Huskey) and co-host, Anna, (played by Anna Vocino) to put up with him for the sake of the ratings. The new show, "Moron in the Morning" continues to be a fan favorite. Completely improvised, Free Radio offers a fresh alternative to the typical sitcom, showing just how far real A-List celebrities will go to tolerate a complete moron. In season two, luminaries from "Lost's" Dominic Monaghan to actor Hank Azaria and musical artist Akon are subjected to the idiot storm that is Lance and "Moron in the Morning." While runaway celebrity interviews make up the bulk of the show, Free Radio also goes behind the scenes to depict our loveably dim hero's struggle to deal with his newfound fame and earn the respect of his co-workers.
4271	Mongrels	Mongrels	Comedy	none	Nelson 'the urbane fox' and his anthropomorphic animal friends navigate the urban jungle from their home in the East End in a puppet sitcom for adults.
4272	Пёс	Пёс	Comedy	9.0	Max once was the best detective in town. But now he is an alcoholic. Because of that Max lost his job at the police, and his wife left him for his best friend.Once his mentor texted him only one word: "Rose", Max finds him with the bullet in the chest and the wounded dog above his body.So, now Max has got vodka-craving, ex-job, ex-wife, ex-best-friend, self-willed dog and the mystery of the murder.Would Max become a good detective again?And who would be the best detective in town, Max or Dog?
4273	Belonging	Belonging	Drama	8.0	Drama set in the Welsh valley town of Bryncoed, revolving around the lives of the Lewis family.
4274	Clarissa Explains It All	Clarissa Explains It All	Comedy	none	Clarissa Explains it All focuses on the life of teenage Clarissa and her family, consisting of her annoying know-it-all younger brother, Ferguson, her eccentric health-conscious mother, Janet and her architect father, Marshall.
4275	The Buccaneers	The Buccaneers	Drama	none	Deemed nouveau riche and shunned by elitist New York society, sisters Nan and Virginia St. George, along with their friends Lizzy Elmsworth and Conchita Closson (Academy Award winner Mira Sorvino), try their luck in London. The girls' New World spontaneity and impertinence constitute nothing less than a social invasion of Old World society and they soon find themselves courted by a coterie of fascinated admirers. But as the old and new worlds come to clash, something has to give.
4276	Janet King	Janet King	Drama	none	Senior Prosecutor Janet King returns from maternity leave to confront a high-profile murder, and a conspiracy which will have shocking ramifications throughout the judicial system.
4276	Janet King	A Song of Experience	Drama	none	Senior Prosecutor Janet King returns from maternity leave to confront a high-profile murder, and a conspiracy which will have shocking ramifications throughout the judicial system.
4276	Janet King	Every Contact Leaves a Trace	Drama	none	Janet is overwhelmed with guilt about Blakely's death, and Det. Campbell believes his demise could have something to do with an old case; Erin and Owen are preoccupied with a bikie murder.
4276	Janet King	Natural Justice	Drama	none	In the wake of the drive-by shooting of murder witness Zebina Petrakis, Erin finds herself emerging as a key witness herself in the case against the two bikies who committed the murder.
4276	Janet King	The Third Man	Drama	none	The search for the third man who assisted in the Blakely murder uncovers an unlikely ally for Janet and the scent of high level corruption.
4276	Janet King	Lurking Doubt	Drama	none	Janet faces humiliation when Dianne Vasilich appeals against her conviction for murder. Her pursuit of corruption uncovers a shocking secret and sees Janet facing her greatest threat.
4276	Janet King	Overtime	Drama	none	After the attempted murder of her family, Janet suspects that she has stumbled onto a wide-ranging conspiracy involving powerful and well-connected paedophiles, including Judge Renmark
4276	Janet King	An Achilles Heel	Drama	none	A sudden death, a false suspect and a shocking revelation from the witness box all conspire to block Janet's desperate search for the truth.
4276	Janet King	The Greatest Good	Drama	none	Blakely's killer is finally revealed, but Janet discovers there's someone higher up pulling the strings - someone powerful and very close.
4286	The New Scooby-Doo Movies	The New Scooby-Doo Movies	Comedy	10.0	In The New Scooby-Doo Mysteries, Scooby and friends findthemselves solving crimes while rubbing elbows with various famous guest stars.
4286	The New Scooby-Doo Movies	The Ghost of The Red Baron	Comedy	10.0	While going for a drive in the country, the gang soon getsembroiled in a mystery of a supposedly haunted airfield. Not long afterarriving, they soon meet the famous Three Stooges and learn that Curly Joe hasbeen hired to be the newest crop duster, if only he doesn't get scared away bythe Ghost of the Red Baron. Not long after investigating, they soon discoverwho the "ghost" is and why he wants the airfield.
4286	The New Scooby-Doo Movies	The Haunted Horseman of Hagglethorn Hall	Comedy	10.0	The gang is on their way to visit Hagglethorn Hall. Fearingthey're not going in the wrong direction and getting low on gas, they stop andask a local farmer if they're headed in the right direction. It is at this timethey're told about the fortresses haunted past and warned to stay away – a warningthey choose to ignore. Upon their arrival, they discover that musician DavyJones is heir to the fortress and offer to help prove the place isn't haunted.
4290	Hela w opałach	Hela w opałach	Comedy	none	"Hela in Trouble", Helen of Troy was divorced. The energetic mother of three unruly - Casper, Nell and Hansel - begins a new life. For starters take a job at the power plant. Despite a failed marriage and numerous problems with the children Hela is optimistic. All the time to help her friends, colleagues and neighbors - Edith and Rysiek.
4293	Emerald City	Emerald City	Fantasy	none	Swept up into the eye of a tornado, 20-year-old Dorothy Gale (Adria Arjona) is transported to another world - a mystical land in great peril, where an all-powerful wizard has forbidden magic and rules over many kingdoms. This is the fabled Land of Oz in a way you've never seen it before, where lethal warriors roam, wicked witches plot in the shadows and a young girl from Kansas becomes a headstrong heroine who holds the fate of their world in her hands.
4294	Mammon	Mammon	Drama	none	Mammon is a thriller series in the spirit of "All the Presidents men". However, in this story not all journalists are good, and the hunt for truth far more personal.Peter Verås is an uncompromising journalist in the most respected newspaper in Norway. He makes his life's biggest mistake when he gets hold of evidence of a financial fraud from an anonymous source. It turns out the evidence points to his own brother. As he still pursues and the story breaks, the brother commits suicide.Peter tries to track down the anonymous source, only to discover that the source was the brother himself. A search for the truth has commenced that involves media, high – ranked politicians as well as the financial elite. The closer he gets to the truth, the more dangerous it becomes for him and his brother's family.
4298	Cuffs	Cuffs	Drama	none	Cuffs is a fresh, authentic and visceral drama that will take the audience on an exhilarating ride through the challenges of front-line policing. Adrenalized and vibrant, the show is packed full of dramatic incidents and colourful characters. From a booby trapped cannabis farm in a suburban semi to an elderly farmer's wife with a shotgun, the stories are surprising and exciting. There will be more absurd altercations - such as a middle-class dog-napping or fisticuffs between pensioners - as well as the daily grind of speeding drivers, city-centre shoplifters and Saturday night drinkers.
4303	Perfect Couples	Perfect Couples	Comedy	none	"Perfect Couples" is a romantic comedy that follows three flawed pairs trying to get it right.
4305	Personal Affairs	Personal Affairs	Drama	none	Off-beat, fast-paced, funny, sexy and candid depiction of office life, following the fortunes of four personal assistants in the City of London.
4308	Roman's Empire	Roman's Empire	Comedy	none	Comedy series about self-made millionaire Roman Pretty
4309	Romantically Challenged	Romantically Challenged	Comedy	none	Smart and beautiful Rebecca is recently divorced after 15 years of marriage. Having never really dated before she was married - and not having been on a date since Clinton was in office -- she finds it scary to start over now. Although a gifted mom and lawyer, she is clueless about dating and hopes to get some help from her equally romantically challenged friends. Perry is Rebecca's best friend since childhood. He is a rugged man's man and a tremendously successful financial planner -- but also one of Pittsburgh's most sensitive hopeless romantics. When it comes to matters of the heart, Perry is a romance-aholic who falls in love with women 20 minutes after meeting them. After 40 minutes, he's already naming their future children. A struggling novelist, the witty and affable Shawn has been Perry's best friend and rent-free roommate for six years. Shawn is the emotionally unavailable cynic to Perry's hopeless romantic. He has never had a relationship more serious than a three-night stand - and even those send him running for the door. Rounding out the group is Rebecca's petite, baby sister, Lisa. Behind her deceptively sweet appearance is a sassy pit bull ready to protect her older sister. Although a nurturing kindergarten teacher, she has a wild side too, and sees a "threesome" as "second base." Will these four romantically challenged friends ever find lasting love? Or even someone who lasts until next Thursday?
4311	Ruby & The Rockits	Ruby & The Rockits	Comedy	none	Ruby & the Rockits" follows Patrick Gallagher, a former teen idol who has chosen to lead a quiet life with his wife and two sons. But when his former Rockits band mate and brother, David, shows up unexpectedly with his new-found teenage daughter in tow, the Gallagher family's life becomes anything but normal. David, who refuses to give up his past glory days, comes to Patrick for help in raising Ruby while he continues to perform. Patrick must now put the past with David behind them in order to help raise Ruby and keep order within the rest of the Gallagher clan.
4322	Buckhead	Buckhead	Drama	none	"Buckhead" is a drama about ambition, sex, and revenge set in the extravagant, high-stakes world of Atlanta politics, entertainment, churches and strip clubs.
4323	Ugly Americans	Ugly Americans	Comedy	none	Ugly Americans is an animated horror-comedy series that follows Mark Lilly, social worker at the Department of Integration, as he helps human and "other" citizens adapt to life in the Big Apple. There are vampires, land-whales, werewolves, a demon ex-girlfriend and a zombie roommate to contend with, but Mark's up to the challenge.
4325	The A-Team	The A-Team	Drama	none	Like the original NBC show, "The A-Team" revolves around a diverse team of American Special Forces operatives. Unlike the original all-male squad, the new team will include both male and female members. The group has been framed for a crime they didn't commit and set out to clear their names by uncovering the black-ops conspiracy that set them up. Along the way, they are driven to help those in need by using their singular military skills, high-tech expertise and often conflicting individual approaches. It's described as a fun episodic mission-of-the-week show that mixes big action-adventure sequences with compelling characters, inventive cons and lots of humor.
4326	Welcome to the Captain	Welcome to the Captain	Comedy	none	This single-camera comedy follows the life of Josh, a writer, and how his life changes after he moves into an old Hollywood apartment building. "The Captain" is the building and it is home to a number of eccentric washed up actors and "Hollywood folk".
4328	Клан ювелиров	Клан ювелиров	Drama	none	In the world of big money, lie and intrigue a danger threatens anyone who dares against the rules of the game. Lovers Zoe and Timur fall into the epicenter of the confrontation between two warring jewelry clans. They will look into the face of death and fight the destiny for their right for happiness.
4329	Death Valley	Death Valley	Comedy	none	MTV's horror-comedy "Death Valley" is a scripted series that follows the 'Undead Task Force' (UTF), a newly formed division of the LAPD, documentary-style, as they capture the monsters that roam the streets of California's San Fernando Valley. In a world where vampires, werewolves and zombies live freely, "Death Valley" is a fun, comedic non-stop thrill ride featuring chases, hardcore kills and bizarre encounters.
4330	Crownies	Crownies	Drama	none	CROWNIES follows five young solicitors as they face the pressures and endearing madness of modern single life - in a fast paced workplace that highlights the moral dilemmas and big issues facing an apparently civilized society. In a world that exists solely to see ‘wrong-doers' brought to justice, and where the average age of the solicitors is 27, there is a big divide between these young solicitors and the barristers at the top. Yet they are the initial point of contact with the police, and it is they who do most of the liaising with the victims and the witnesses - and recommend what goes to court. They are committed, idealistic and hard-working, but their lives away from the office are filled with aspirations, explorations, fragile relationships and partying.
4330	Crownies	Pilot	Drama	none	A wild Christmas party lands the DPP in the centre of media storm when a top secret file is leaked by an insider.David and Janet are forced to deal with a high profile scandal when the Attorney General is accused of drugging and raping two parliamentary cleaners. Janet hands Ben the confidential file, but Ben has other things on his mind - namely, an after-hours assignment with Judge's Associate Julie. He's not the only one doing things he shouldn't in the office: a drunken Erin sleeps with court reporter Jimmy Butcher, but can't remember anything the next day. When the file gets leaked, a media storm ensues, and all the young solicitors are under suspicion. Lina and Janet investigate the world of online gaming while working a teenage murder case. An emotional Erin is frustrated by Tony's pragmatism in the case of a mute rape victim. Tatum is furious after Conrad brings cocaine to the Christmas party, but all is forgiven when he asks her to marry him.
4330	Crownies	Episode 2	Drama	none	A top secret file is leaked after a wild Christmas party and all the young solicitors are under suspicion. Erin struggles to stay dispassionate when a disabled teenage girl is allegedly pimped for sex by her father. David and Janet are faced with a high profile scandal when two parliamentary cleaners accuse the Attorney General of drugging and raping them. Ben, Lina, Erin, Richard and Tatum are the only ones with access to the file and when it is leaked to a journalist on the night of the DPP Christmas party, the resulting media feeding frenzy puts them and their secrets under the spotlight. Tatum is ready to dump Conrad for bringing cocaine to the party, until he asks her to marry him. Lina and Janet attempt to convict a cold-blooded, teenage murderer whose online demon avatar appears to provide a convincing alibi. Erin struggles to not get emotionally involved in the case of a disabled teenager, allegedly pimped by her father to a fellow truckie. Richard's first day in court is a series of disasters topped by his burqa-clad witness storming out and Tatum discovering that he's been sleeping in the office. When Tatum invites Richard to live at her flat, Conrad is far from pleased. Ben's dinner with his grandfather almost ends in violence, when his grandfather confronts an aggressive driver over a disabled parking space. Secret lovers, Lina and Andy, argue over the gruesome murder of Ray Stone by the ‘Boltcutter Babes' - a case that will leave Erin questioning what justice really means.
4330	Crownies	Episode 3	Drama	none	Ben struggles to cope with the unexpected death of his grandfather while Richard is intent on getting the assailant charged with murder, even though the evidence doesn't seem to add up.  Ben is devastated when his grandfather Alfred is killed – brutally assaulted and left to die over a parking space by the driver of the car, Cooper. Ben is angry when he finds out that Tony and Richard have been given the brief. When Ben fails to ID the culprit in a line-up, Richard is left with scant evidence to press the murder charge. But the discovery of a deleted app on Cooper's phone gives them enough to prosecute. External barrister Rhys is brought in for the Stone/Mervich case, and chooses Erin over Lina as his instructing solicitor. Tatum listens to wire-taps for the Hammel drug case. But a potential lead turns out to be an embarrassing misunderstanding. Lina clashes with her brother Tariq over his behaviour. He in turns accuses her of abandoning her Islamic roots. Conrad is jealous of Tatum's friendship with Richard – until she tells him that Richard is gay.
4330	Crownies	Episode 4	Drama	none	Lina's secular view of her faith is tested when her brother is arrested for anti-Israeli activism, while Erin's breakthrough in a horrific murder case leads her to question her principles.Erin finds herself digging deeper into the Stone/Mervich case. Discovering harrowing evidence of the physical abuse the sisters suffered at the hands of Ray Stone, Erin is forced to question her own principles. Despite Rhys's insistence that she look at the case objectively, she wonders whether prosecuting against such battered women is unjust. Lina's personal and professional lives intersect when Tariq gets in trouble with the police. Her brother's activism forces her to examine her own Islamic identity. Still recovering from his grandfather's death, Ben gets back to work on an emotionally testing case: the accidental death of a child left in a car by his parents. The DPP is put into an awkward position when an elderly computer expert comes forward having skimmed hundreds of thousands of dollars off subscribers to a hardcore porn site – his real intention being to generate publicity for his anti-pornography campaign. Tatum is shocked to discover that Richard is not gay – but insists that Conrad never finds out.
4330	Crownies	Episode 5	Drama	none	Erin learns something very unexpected about Janet, and an unlikely friendship develops.Tatum deals with a case of criminally transmitted HIV, and discovers that the area is a legal and social minefield. The victim is ridden with guilt when it emerges that her silence has put countless other women at risk. Richard faces up again to the formidable Judge Walker, but things still don't go smoothly for him in court. This time, his witness refuses to co-operate at all, leaving Richard embarrassed. Janet is back to work on a case of a woman smothering her two sons, and is forced to question the woman's mental state. The pressure is piled on Janet when she has to reveal to Erin that she is on IVF. Erin is still overwhelmed by the Mervich case, when Janet asks if she'd like to join her on the filicide case. Concerned about the emotional toll the work is already taking on her, Erin turns it down. Janet warns her to think about her career. Jimmy Butcher gets beaten up. He reiterates that Erin was not the one who leaked the file to him, but is he just telling her what she wants to hear?
4330	Crownies	Episode 6	Drama	none	Tatum's forced to confront her own history when she works on a teacher/student affair case. She'll be led to ask: if you don't feel like a victim can it still be a crime?Tatum works a case against handsome former PE teacher, Matt March, who is accused of numerous counts of sexual assault on a minor. March had a three-year affair with a student. Tatum discovers that far from feeling ‘used' by her teacher, Gemma loves him and doesn't feel exploited at all. Tatum harbours doubts about the case herself, much to Richard's disbelief. The case rests on an intimate note written by the teacher and an alcopop drink. A drunken, unravelling Tony works a high-profile murder case: a stabbed homeless man left to die in the streets. Ben is assigned with him, and is warned by Tracey to expect a hard time. As predicted Tony stumbles in court and flees, leaving Ben in the lurch. Ben is ultimately forced to come to Tony's rescue and discovers the truth about Tony's past. Richard finally ousts his troublesome tenant – only to find that his house smashed up in spite. Andy confronts Lina, asking why her she's keeping their relationship secret. It turns out she is worried he is not a Muslim, even though she is not a practicing Muslim herself.
4330	Crownies	Episode 7	Drama	none	Richard is haunted by the horrific secret of the reluctant witness to a murder.Richard prepares a witness for a trial a store owner shot by a meth junkie. But the witness, Tina Chang is refusing to give evidence in court. Torn between doing his job and his instinct to protect her, Richard's finds that something darker lies at the heart of Tina's trauma. A clever ploy by Janet gets Tina to testify, but an accident outside the courtroom leaves Tina hospitalized, and Richard racked with guilt. Erin finds that the Stone/Mervich case is complicated when a jury finds Heather-Marie not guilty by reason of mental impairment, leaving Joanne to stand trial alone. As the effects of pregnancy kick in, Janet feels the strain at work, and is forced to confess the truth to Erin. Lina makes a surprising friend in Paula Corvini after they tussle over the case of a man who drunkenly tattooed a giant penis on his friend's back. Meanwhile, the war between Tracey and Tatum escalates - and Atticus is caught in the crossfire.
4330	Crownies	Episode 8	Drama	none	Janet and Richard prosecute Ben's grandfather's murderer but for Janet, her worst adversary proves not to be the Defence, but her own body.Janet steps in to prosecute Cooper for the murder of Ben's grandfather. Ben has to convince Janet he will make a good witness. Ben is under pressure from his father, Geoffrey, who wants to see a conviction at all costs. Ben also discovers that Justice Rosenberg is listed as the trial judge which means Julie will be sitting on the trial too - a dangerous scenario, given they are sleeping together. As the trial gets under way, Janet is faced with one obstacle after another. But advice from Tony identifies Cooper's mate, Mozza, as the weak link and he eventually cracks under Janet's cross-examination. The verdict comes in: guilty. Janet and her partner Ash (who we learn is a woman) get the ultrasound of their unborn child. When Tracey finds the images in the DPP, she jumps to the wrong conclusion, treating it as evidence of Erin's affair with Rhys. Erin, still swamped with Stone/Mervich, sends an inappropriate SMS to Rhys by mistake. After a celebratory party at his newly reclaimed flat, the roof falls in, forcing Richard to move back in with Tatum.
4330	Crownies	Episode 9	Drama	none	Lina allows her personal concerns for an undercover cop interfere with her drugs case while Erin becomes convinced she is the person who leaked the AG file.Lina works a drugs case involving an undercover cop, Adam, who has been living with a Vietnamese heroin gang for three years. Shaken by his experiences, Lina fears he may be suffering from PTSD, and prove an unreliable witness. But after Tony opens her eyes to the real reason behind Adam's edginess, Lina's witness goes AWOL. Erin deals with a bizarre mistaken identity rape case: a woman who wilfully slept with the wrong blind date. Erin is faced with a tricky decision of whether there is a case for rape. Preparing for the sentencing of underworld psychopath Morris Banks, Richard meets Dr Amelia Ward, a sexy older psychologist. After success in court, Amelia returns to Richard's office, and they have sex on his leopard-print chair – leaving Conrad confused over Richard's orientation. Ben is up before Judge Rapson, who has a peculiar habit of consulting his duck umbrella during cases. But a neat piece of advice from Julie helps Ben play him right.
4330	Crownies	Episode 10	Drama	none	Erin is forced to confront her deepest fears when she visits a murder site.Erin's finding it increasingly hard to keep working on the Stone/Mervich case. The gruesome brutality of the crime keeps seeping into her waking and dreaming life. So when Rhys suggests she drive with him to view the crime scene, Erin is terrified, and tries to hand over the case. Janet gives her an ultimatum, and Erin concedes to a go out to the farmhouse with Rhys. But when she gets there, it all proves too much. After Rhys takes her to a hospital, they have a close encounter in a swimming pool. Murray Rice taunts David that he isn't man enough to prosecute the AG. David rises above it, but later requests a copy of the file from Tracey. What he sees will force a big decision onto the DPP. Janet and Ash head to the doctor for a pregnancy check up, where they discover that they will be having twins. But bad news accompanies the good. The scan has shown the slight possibility of profound foetal disability in one of the twins, leaving the couple split on this life-changing decision. Tony and Tatum are pushed together on a mercy killing/medical murder case. The husband of a woman, suffering from motor neurone disease, believes she was murdered by a deliberate overdose of morphine. Meanwhile, Lina and Paula's friendship blossoms.
4330	Crownies	Episode 11	Drama	none	As the "Bolt Cutter Babes" trial reaches a verdict, the DPP must decide whether to prosecute a child who has killed his younger brother.With the prosecution case against Joanne Mervich coming to a close, Erin and Rhys are rattled by the Defence's decision to put her in the witness box to garner jury sympathy. However, that's not the only trouble – in the two weeks since Erin impulsively kissed Rhys, relations between them have been cool. Rhys has tried totalk about what happened, finally forcing the conversation on her, embarrassing her and barely helping his guilt. Already conflicted over the justice of convicting a woman who has been so badly abused, Erin struggles with the task of writing Rhys' summation – a task made even harder as Joanne tells her emotional story to a sympathetic jury. Adding to Erin and Rhys' trouble are the protests of a group called "Save Joanne" who are picketing the court. Despite the tension between them, Rhys uses Erin's summation and to their surprise, Joanne is found guilty. For Rhys, victory is sweet, as he is rewarded by officially being given the role of prosecuting Attorney General Quinn. For Erin, however, it's a hollow victory, as she's verbally attacked by Joanne's supporters. Determined to rebuild her friendship with Rhys, Erin offers a platonic celebratory drink – only to be refused. Erin's natural response is to drink away her sorrows. Finding Jimmy at Gar's Bar, she hits on him, only to be refused again. Jimmy admits he likes Erin and only wants to see her when she's sober. Furious, embarrassed, Erin then sees a saviour in the bar – Ben. However when she wakes up next to him the next morning, she's even more selfloathing. Refusing to talk to Lina about Ben or, as Lina suspects, her romance with Rhys, Erin locks herself away in her room.
4330	Crownies	Episode 12	Drama	none	While Janet and Lina wrestle with a potential child sociopath, Richard crosses the line with a key witness. And Tatum discovers that running her own case is far from a drag.The investigation into Max Gardiner takes a turn when Max's father gives evidence about his abnormal behaviour. As more information is uncovered about Max's history, Lina forms a firm opinion on his guilt. While Janet recommends not prosecuting, David has his own ideas – and forces Janet to pursue Max in court.Richard is surprised when Tina Chang discharges herself from hospital, intent on giving evidence to shut Vatalidis' killer away for good. But she soon starts to crumble when faced with the prospect of giving detailed evidence of her ordeal in court. Richard does all he can to calm Tina down – but unwittingly crosses the line, forcing Tracey to take him off the case. Unable to face court without Richard, Tina follows him on a night out – and guilty Richard is forced to put her straight. But he's unprepared for the shock news the following day that Tina has fled the country and will not be giving evidence.Tatum is handed her own contest to run – a face-off between two drag queens. Tatum wins the case for her complainant, but when she sees the drag queen's show firsthand, she discovers she's been used for an entirely different purpose.Tension between Lina and Erin lingers after Lina's questioning about Rhys. But they thaw when Erin helps Lina dissect the Gardiner case.
4330	Crownies	Episode 13	Drama	none	The victims of the Quinn rape have their say at last, but Tracey learns a secret that will tear the case apart.The case against former AG Nicholas Quinn rolls forward, and David appoints Ben McMahon as instructing solicitor to Rhys. Ben is pleased to be on the job, but concerned the gig is a poison chalice, and certainly his appointment is controversial. But David wants to proceed, and we sense he has ulterior motives. Rhys is absent so Ben has to make the running in the pre-committal conferences with the women alleging rape. One of the women, Milinka, is young and clearly traumatised. She has a harrowing tale to tell, but she is not going to be a convincing witness. Her friend, Nyanath, is older and a little wiser. She is angry and ready to fight. She seems like she will be the star witness. But in a fragile moment she confides in Tracey – actually she was expecting the weekend at Quinn's place to be about sex. And she admits she has had sex with Quinn before the incident. Tracey is horrified to hold this secret. She does what she has to and lets Ben know. He confronts Nyanath – she will have to give the police another statement, and all this is going to play into the defence team's hands. Utterly distraught, Nyanath lumps the DPP staff in with the likes of rapist Quinn and the power structures that protect him. And then she slices Tracey to pieces verbally in front of everyone. Tracey retreats, her professionalism intact, but not her dignity. Things look grim for the committal, but Ben is able to claw back a win. He realises Milinka offered a clue to the government car Quinn was using, and he is able to trace it back to the parliamentary garage and a nervous attendant. The police will have more work to do.Richard is prosecuting a case in court, this time with a good chance of winning. But he is not happy. He has to prosecute his climate scientist hero Tim Coghburn for assault, after Coghburn punched a persistent climate denialist, James Watt. Watt is an annoying gadfly and Richard detests all he stands for. And the fiasco is made worse when Richard sees Coghburn is being represented by Richard's old, much admired law lecturer. Richard makes a stuttering start in court, and the defence QC makes Watt look unreliable and a bit of a goose. Part of Richard wants to lose because of his environmental concerns, but part of him needs a win. Richard finally cross examines Tim Coghburn and gets to reconcile his needs. He leads Tim through a series of questions as put by James Watt and his ilk, stirring Coghburn's anger as he airs the simple rebuttals. Eventually Tim blurts out that yes, he did hit James Watt, and it felt great. Richard has his win, Tim is fined, and Watt still comes out of it looking like an idiot.The police want Tatum to oppose bail for a young woman caught with cannabis in her car. Tatum knows the woman, Rose Pugliese, is the daughter of a criminal, and can't help feeling for her. Rose seems to have been drawn into the family business, and will suffer for it, whereas Tatum knows she has been shielded from all that. For once Tatum reacts emotionally to the case, hinting she won't try too hard to win this one. Andy Campbell puts pressure on her, but when Tatum is offered an escape route through a plea bargain, she grabs the opportunity. Things are tense between her and Andy as a result. And Tony pulls Tatum aside for a blunt word of advice – your father's a thug, but you can rise above the family history.Lina and Erin's relationship dives again when Erin finally springs her flatmate in the shower with Andy. The fact that Lina has kept the affair a secret hurts Erin deeply. They argue, and some truths emerge. Perhaps Lina is reluctant to go public with Andy because she's not sure they have a future. And Erin reminds Lina she hasn't slept with Rhys – but damn it girl, she wishes she had.
4330	Crownies	Episode 14	Drama	none	A coronial inquiry into the death of a policeman teaches Tony and Tatum that getting to the truth can come at a heavy price.Tatum and Tony attend the Coroners Court for an inquest into the death of a young police officer during a training course. It looks like a straight forward affair – the man, Sergeant Anthony Harrison, got lost on a night march, fell, hit his head and died. Tony interviews the Investigating Officer whose statement confirms this conclusion, as the crime scene showed no signs of struggle, and later, the Pathologist report says there were no drugs in the body. It all points to a tragic accidental death.But Tatum is not so sure. As the inquiry goes it becomes clear to Tatum that the police intend to blame Sergeant Harrison for his own death. Tony warns her against ‘taking sides' with the evidence - a coronial inquiry is not adversarial, it is meant to be an investigation. But when it becomes clear to Tony that she's right and that the police may in fact have something to hide, Tony becomes more vigorous in his examination. But even then all is not as it seems.It's the day of the AG, Nicholas Quinn's committal and everyone at the DPP is on edge, especially Rhys and David. At a pre-trial rehearsal Rhys plays the role that Milton Braithwaite will in the committal. He manages to cast doubt on the testimony of one of the women, Milinka, sowing the seed that she only decided to report Quinn's alleged abuse once she discovered she could be eligible for Victim's Compensation Money. Rhys then tries the same tactic on the second witness, but Nyanath is stronger and more dignified. So, it is with reserved confidence that the team head over to the committal. David paces, worried about the outcome. And when the judge pronounces a verdict of ‘no case to answer' the whole DPP is flattened. What are they to do now?David convenes a ‘war council' of Tony and Janet and together they concoct a plan for David to go on a popular shock-jock (one David has been publicly critical of) and prepare the groundwork for David to seek a direct indictment of the AG, despite this verdict. And this all goes well. But their plan to prosecute the AG is about to face its biggest hurdle…Richard believes he is due to run on a case on his own. He asks Tracey who eventually offers him a complicated affray matter, involving seemingly straightforward but ultimately very complicated witnesses. This is a case that will test Richard's patience and will not be resolved easily.Lina and Janet decide the police must arrest the ten-year-old killer, Max Gardner. But when Lina is confronted with the reality of this decision, she and Erin clash over whether the DPP is in fact doing the right thing at all.
4330	Crownies	Episode 15	Drama	none	Ben's life, normally so smooth and carefree, spirals downwards both personally and at work as he tries to unravel an emotionally charged case involving the violent exorcism of a bright young student.Ben puts his head together with Tony to try to sort out the legal complexities of an exorcism case that may or may not go to trial. Convinced by her boyfriend Spencer that she was possessed by the devil, Piper Burgess agreed to be exorcised by Alistair Hoy, a charismatic church pastor. Terrified of the ramifications should she not agree, Spencer threatened suicide. Deciding "a day of praying" was a simple way to allay her boyfriend's fears, Piper agreed. But the exorcism soon turned into a violent attack, with her being held captive for three days. Tired of only meeting other lawyers, Erin agrees to a blind date with Jesse, a carpenter friend of Conrad's from the gym. But it soon becomes apparent they are from different worlds. Working the Jackson manslaughter case, Erin realizes that she needs someone hardened to strains of her work. So she invites Jimmy over… After Ben palms off two cases, David doesn't miss the opportunity to tell Ben off for his self-interested approach to work. And Julie isn't impressed by the similar attitude he's showing in their relationship.Piper Burgess, a medical student, agreed to be exorcised by Alistair Hoy, the enthusiastic pastor of the church routinely attended by her adored boyfriend Spencer. Both Spencer and Alistair felt cause to believe Piper was under the possession of the Devil. Spencer asked Piper to agree to the exorcism even though he was aware she has no religious beliefs of her own. Terrified of the ramifications should she not agree, Spencer threatened suicide. Deciding "a day of praying" was a fairly simple way to allay her boyfriend's fears, Piper agreed. However, the exorcism turned violent, involving Piper being tied with ropes, branded with a hot iron, and held for three days against her will. She is now determined to see Alistair Hoy, who conducted the exorcism, face trial in court for her assault and false imprisonment. Ben investigates the case to the point where he believes the DPP can prosecute and expect to win. However, a meeting with Spencer changes all that, when new and disturbing information about Piper is revealed.Tired of only meeting other lawyers, Erin agrees to a blind date with Jesse, a carpenter friend of Conrad's from the gym. Jesse is sweet, if a little short, but it soon becomes apparent they are from totally different worlds. Despite this Jesse is keen to continue to get to know Erin. However, a few brief encounters with Paula while they're both working on the Jackson manslaughter case leaves Erin feeling like she's better off with someone more hardened like herself. Erin invites Jimmy to spend the night.Lina agrees to cover a mention for Ben, who says he has a clash with the Jackson manslaughter plea hearing. Shortly after this, Ben also hands over the Jackson hearing to Erin. He will not admit this, but the pressures of his job have crept up on him and the cracks are starting to show. It seems whichever way he turns, Ben is being told by someone he is a self-obsessed disappointment far too accustomed to entitlement.On his way to a legal lecture, Richard is knocked from his bike and suffers minor injuries. He returns home but finds he is interrupting Conrad and Tatum about to have sex. For Richard this is the final straw and makes the decision he should move out and give the couple their privacy. Tatum, who will hear nothing whatsoever of Richard moving out, says the better solution is to give him his own room. Having already suffered a day in court with Judge Walker on a small assault case involving an aggressive Ice Cream Van owner and two aimless stoners, this is the last thing Richard needs.Desperate to avoid Quinn dying of terminal lung cancer before he can face a jury, David is unimpressed to hear that the Quinn trial has been scheduled for six months time. And the news that Rhys has managed to move the trial to six weeks time isn't enough to please him.Janet is knee-deep in a fraud case that has been plagued by disruption and as a consequence continued unresolved for over three years. Impulsively, Janet decides to settle the case. At the same time, Janet finds out the gender of her twins. She accidentally spills the beans to Ash, who has expressed a desire to keep the genders a surprise. However, there is no hiding her joy at the news she and Janet will soon be having a baby boy and a baby girl.
4330	Crownies	Episode 16	Drama	none	Lina and Janet get a surprise visit from a witness on the Gardiner case while Justice Rosenberg and Julie find themselves in trouble after Jimmy exposes a scandal.Janet, Lina and Detective Dylan Thorne are surprised when Virginia Gardiner arrives at the DPP. Racked by guilt, she wants to help the prosecution, and agrees to make a new statement. Janet and Lina are still at loggerheads over Max. But when Virginia crumbles during the Committal in front of the formidable Judge Hansby, this already murky case is made even more complicated. only serves to raise tensions in the DPP.As if Lina didn't have enough on her plate, she realizes that it is finally time for her and Andy to come out. When Jimmy scoops that Judge Rosenberg asked Julie to take the wrap for him on a driving offence, it starts a series of events that leads to Ben busting up with Julie, and Rosenberg losing his job in the messy scandal. Ben is excited to be going to the Supreme Court. Mrs Wallace, the kid-drugging and smothering mother has been released from hospital and found to be mentally fit to stand trial. But when Tony tells him he's already accepted the plea, Ben is furious, and goes straight to David. David soon puts him in his place, though. Richard prosecutes a ridiculous arson case, while Tatum seeks welcome distraction from a boring wire tap case.Janet, Lina and Detective Dylan Thorne are busy prepping for the Max Gardiner Committal hearing when they receive a surprise visit from Max's mother, Virginia Gardiner. Arriving at the DPP, Virginia reveals she has had a change of heart and is now willing to do whatever it takes to help the prosecution. She cannot bear the thought that Max might hurt someone again (especially her unborn son). Virginia agrees to make a new statement and Janet and Lina (and Dylan) are polarised in their views of the significance of the fact that Max isn't Sean's biological child. Sean arrives at the DPP to reveal that all the kids knew Max wasn't Sean's biological child and that Jake was goading Max the day he died. The day of the Committal arrives and Janet is still reluctant to prosecute an eleven year old. When Virginia folds in the box under questioning from Janet, Magistrate Hansby refuses to allow her to step down. To Lina's distress, Janet sides with the Defence. Virginia assaults the Court Officer and is arrested and placed in the cells below the Court. Lina is also contending with pressure from Tariq and the amorous attentions of Dylan. Andy is not happy about this and by the end of the episode, Lina decides it's time her and Andy came out.Court Reporter Jimmy Butcher writes an article exposing Justice Rosenberg as having driven through a red light and blaming a mystery female companion. Ben confronts Julie who denies the charges, but Ben realises that Julie is covering for Rosenberg. Later, hurrying to Court, Julie sees Jimmy and Ben chatting and assumes that Ben is ratting her out to Jimmy. Jimmy tells Julie he knows she wasn't in the car and that she signed the stat dec for Rosenberg. Julie begs him not to expose her name in the scandal, but Jimmy will not be swayed. Julie warns Rosenberg that they have been discovered and pleads with him to come clean. She won't be a part of further deception and refuses to help Rosenberg for a second time. Rosenberg is stood down in disgrace and Julie is left waiting to be assigned her new judge. Ben is excited that he's going to the Supreme Court. Mrs Wallace, the kid-drugging and smothering mother has been released from hospital and found to be mentally fit to stand trial. Tony, however, advises him that he's already well under way with plea negotiations with the Defence and they won't be going to trial. Ben is furious and tries to undermine Tony by going to David, but David puts Ben firmly in his place. Tony is right, going to trial is too risky. Ben knows, in his heart, that David and Tony are right, though it kills him to admit it..Richard has the world's most ridiculous Arson case to prosecute while Tatum has yet another boring phone intercepts matter. Looking for distraction, Tatum runs off to Court to perve at the Supermax hotties and while there, is surprised to see Tracey doing exactly the same thing! Erin tries not to think about Rhys by dating Jimmy, even going so far as to call him her boyfriend, but when the seamier side of his profession creeps her out, she puts distance between them again. Rhys has also told her to stay away from Jimmy so that she doesn't jeopardise the Quinn trial.
4330	Crownies	Episode 17	Drama	none	Richard's frantic all-nighter at work is not enough for one victim's family, while a shock-jock's rant derails the Quinn case, and Erin's attempt at living sober ends badly.Richard finds himself dumped with a last minute trial and only thirty hours and ten minutes to prepare. Richard pulls an all-nighter - but his exhausted state makes him awkward and careless when dealing with the family of the victim. With Tony giving him little support, another courtroom dressing down from Judge Walker ensues. Richard marches out of court - and smack into Lisa Simpson, an attractive woman who's not impressed at being knocked off her bike. But Conrad's misguided romantic advice helps to motivate Richard, who finds a way to impress her. David is ready for the first day of the Quinn trial, but it's derailed even before it begins by the prejudicial ranting of a shock jock. After the day from hell, Erin falls off the wagon, fights with Jimmy, and ends up in the surprised arms of Ben.Ben and Julie decide to become more than ‘friends with benefits'. But their exclusive relationship is immediately at risk when Erin comes knocking on Ben's door?When Tracey discovers a trial listing has slipped through her formidable organisational system, Richard finds himself dumped with a last minute trial and only twenty-six hours and ten minutes to prepare. Tony, the barrister listed on the case, isn't much help, so Richard pulls an all-nighter, experiencing a long strange night as he races against the clock. But his exhausted state makes him awkward and careless when dealing with the family of the victim, and he makes reassurances about the evidence to be heard that he can't possibly keep. Tony's bloody-minded pragmatism grates on Richard's sleep-deprived nerves, leading to yet another courtroom dressing down from Judge Walker. Richard marches out of court - and smack into Lisa Simpson, an attractive woman who's not impressed at being knocked off her bike. But Conrad's misguided romantic advice helps to motivateRichard, who finds a way to impress her. And as he finally accepts Tony's pragmatic approach to justice, Tony gives one small sign that he too is not immune to the tragedy they deal in.David is ready for the first day of the Quinn trial, but it's derailed even before it begins by the prejudicial ranting of a shock jock. With the trial adjourned for six months, David's tenure on the job is looking very much in doubt. And if David loses his job, his promise to bring Rhys on staff is no better than worthless. Erin, trying to live sober, finds her resolve tested when she starts work on a rape case centred on one very confident rapist. After the day from hell, Erin falls off the wagon, fights with Jimmy, and ends up in the surprised arms of Ben. She wakes up feeling very low the next morning, but worse is to come when she tries to apologise to Jimmy. She hurt his pride last night - he retaliates by revealing that it was Erin, after all, who leaked the file that's made life at the DPP so tough for everyone. Ben and Julie decide to become more than ‘friends with benefits'. But their exclusive relationship is immediately at risk when Erin comes knocking on Ben's door, in desperate need of comfort.
4330	Crownies	Episode 18	Drama	none	Expectant mother Janet's head battles with her heart as she is forced to prosecute a child for murder.Janet and Lina put aside their differences when they face the first day of the Max Gardiner trial. In court, things quickly unravel, and the trial proves just as hard as Janet expected. After a series of difficult witnesses, Sean Gardiner gives his emotional evidence about the day Jake died. Janet feels that she has successfully rebutted the Doli Incapax principle – being that Max knew what he was doing was seriously wrong. The defence barrister however claims the Crown has no case to answer – and to Janet's shock, Justice Dyer agrees, directing the Jury to acquit. Max goes free. Having recently ‘come out' at work and to their friends, Lina is under pressure from Andy to introduce him to her family. However, the night doesn't go to plan when only Tariq and his girlfriend Salwa turn up. The next morning, Andy leaves for a major police operation. Lina thinks nothing of it – until Dylan receives word that a police officer has been shot, and she can't get hold of Andy. Erin attends Joanne Mervich's sentence appeal. To Erin's dismay, the sentence is increased by six years. She decides to break protocol and go to the women's prison to see Joanne herself – and is further shocked to discover that Joanne has attempted suicide. Richard is handballed what seems to be a straightforward, if strange, brief by Ben – the theft of ten thousand dollars from the wishing well goose pond at a child's petting zoo by teenage twins. Meanwhile Ben, feeling guilty about sleeping with Erin, tries to make up for it by being the perfect boyfriend to Julie.It's the morning of eleven year old Max Gardiner's trial for the murder of his brother – for Janet, a morning she wished would never come, unsure whether she morally agrees with the decision to prosecute. However, she bolsters herself for the battle ahead, even knowing there is a high chance of failure. In her very late term of pregnancy, Janet is feeling unusually vulnerable. Lina, meanwhile, is determined to see Max locked away for life, believing he is a sociopath. The two women put aside their differences of opinion to face the trial as a team, with Detective Sergeant Dylan Thorne as their informant. However, the trial proves to be just as difficult as Janet expected when the sight of Max in the dock melts the jury's hearts. They have a small victory when, despite her fears, Ella Gardiner gives her vital evidence in the witness box – but swiftly the trial goes off the rails. Max's teacher sugar-coats her previously damning evidence about Max's behaviour, the forensic pathologist cannot comment on intention, and Michael Griggs, the boy who Max forced to eat dog excrement, asks to be released as a witness due to receiving email death threats.However, when Sean Gardiner gives his emotional evidence about the day Jake died, Janet feels that she has successfully rebutted the Doli Incapax principle – being that Max knew what he was doing was seriously wrong. The defence barrister however claims the Crown has no case to answer – and to Janet's shock, Justice Dyer agrees, directing the Jury to acquit. Max goes free – and Janet's not sure how she feels, other than exhausted by the emotionally draining trial.Having recently ‘come out' at work and to their friends, Lina is under pressure from Andy to introduce him to her family. She gives in, inviting her parents and brother to dinner at her place. However, the night doesn't go to plan when only Tariq and his girlfriend Salwa turn up, with her parents Fiona and Bashar Badir having broken down on the F3. Tariq wastes no time making it perfectly clear that he doesn't approve of Andy for many reasons – the two most important being that he's not a Muslim, but he is a police officer. The argument leads to Tariq storming out, leaving Lina and Andy alone with a mountain of food and no guests. The next morning, Lina admits that, somehow, it turned out to be a perfect night for the couple. Andy agrees and leaves with the warning that his mobile will be turned off all day during a big police operation. Lina thinks nothing of it – until Dylan receives word that a police officer has been shot, and she can't get hold of Andy. As more information comes in about the dying officer, Lina panics, running off in the middle of Janet examining their final witness. To Lina's relief, she discovers that Andy was not the officer shot – but he believes his gun was responsible for the death.Erin has reached the final stage of the Mervich trial – Joanne's appeal against her sentence. To Erin's shock, the sentence is increased by six years. She decides to break protocol and go to the women's prison to see Joanne herself – and is further shocked to discover that Joanne has attempted suicide. Erin drowns her sorrows and winds up with a black eye and terrible hangover the next morning. Having previously helped heavily pregnant Janet out by sourcing a fat barrister's jacket, Erin is pleasantly surprised when Janet does something nice in return by inviting her to dinner. Teasing from a jealous Ben only makes Erin's nerves and lack of self-esteem worse – a problem she attempts to solve by turning up drunk to Janet's place. A disastrous dinner ensues as Erin continues drinking and ends up not only revealing that Jimmy told her she was responsible for leaking the AG file, but also with Erin passing out in Janet's spare room. The next morning, a hideously embarrassed and ashamed Erin is given some tough love by Janet – and the chance to start redeeming herself when Janet needs her to take over from Lina in the Gardiner trial.Richard is handballed what seems to be a straightforward, if strange, brief by Ben – the theft of ten thousand dollars from the wishing well goose pond at a child's petting zoo by teenage twins. Tatum jumps on board but quickly begins making the job difficult, convinced that the victim, Clarry Ferguson, is not only creepy, but has a moustache like a paedophile. Richard points out that they can't nolle a brief because they don't like the victim. Tatum is determined to dig some dirt, and discovers that Clarry's charitable donations don't match the amount of money pulled from the pond annually. Using a Facebook friend living in Thailand, she also looks into Clarry Ferguson's claims that he supports an orphanage outside of Chiang Mai – and to her surprise, discovers it's all legitimate. However the orphanage is run by a woman who calls herself Mrs Ferguson and Tatum realises Clarry has a Thai wife and family whom he visits twice a year using the money from the wishing well – an act which allows the police to charge him with obtaining financial advantage by deception.Ben is feeling incredibly guilty about sleeping with Erin while he and Julie were technically a couple, so tries to make up for it by being the perfect boyfriend – to Julie's surprise and Erin's disgust, who warns him that Julie will figure it out if he keeps overcompensating.Already sensitive over the Quinn brief, David is furious when an opinion column in the paper calls for his resignation, blaming him for the all the mistakes of the DPP.
4330	Crownies	Episode 19	Drama	none	When Tatum's worlds collide she is confronted by a disturbing question – is she a solicitor of the Crown, or her father's daughter?Pulled in to assist Tony on what looks like a simple case of assault with a knife, Tatum is soon on her way out for her first visit to gaol, as the victim is a prisoner and so is the corroborating witness. However, events quickly take a turn as Tatum is left alone with Robby, only to suffer an assault. Cornered, desperate to get away, Tatum invokes her father's reputation to threaten Robby's life. In the aftermath of the police shooting, Lina has taken some time off to support Andy through it. A task not made easy by the fact that he's clearly hurting, but unable to let her in. A visit to the scene of the shooting helps Andy make sense of how it happened and begin the slow healing process. An early morning call knocks David for a loop when he's informed that former Attorney General, Nicholas Quinn has died peacefully at home. Having invested so much is attempting to bring him to justice, David is choked with the injustice of it. Julie lets slip to Ben that she was the one who leaked the AG file. Ben turns to his father Geoffrey for advice but he just tells Ben to cut her loose and hang her out to dry. Ben refuses to do that but they end up breaking up. Tension between Ben and Geoffrey boils over and Ben moves out. Faced with a matter of principle, Richard is forced to defer his much longed-for date with Lisa in order to work on a case before Judge Walker where his stuborn determination to stand up to her finally wins the day. Still mortified by her drunken performance at Janet's, Erin shows her appreciation to Janet by staging a surprise baby shower, much to Tracey's dismay because she was planning to throw a shower too.Pulled in to assist Tony on what looks like a simple prison yard assault, Tatum is soon on her way out for her first visit to gaol. Matters become more complicated when she discovers the victim of the assault was a cooperating witness in a much larger drugs and murder case and the attack was designed to shut him up. If the witness in this case, Robby Lucas, can be enticed to confirm that a much larger conspiracy will be smashed. However, events quickly take a turn as Tony, suffering a prolonged coughing fit, leaves Tatum alone with Robby and during his absence Tatum is grabbed and fondled sexually by Robbie. Cornered, desperate to get away, Tatum invokes her father's reputation to threaten Robby's life. Tony returns, none-thewiser, and with Robby refusing to give evidence, the meeting breaks up. Shellshocked, Tatum struggles to deal with what has happened. A fact that is picked up on by her father and Conrad as they share dinner. They're aware that something is not right, and when Tatum and her father are alone Tatum alludes to her father's criminal past in a way that cuts very close to the bone. She even quizzes Conrad on whether his duties for her father extend beyond selling cars. The couple fight and in the middle of the night, it's Richard she turns to and he gives her the shoulder she needs to cry on, urging her to report the matter. Tatum begs off, hoping to forget what happened and move on, something made impossible as Robby Lucas offers to do a deal – but only if he can talk to Tatum. Taking her courage in both hands, she goes back out to the gaol to rescind the threat and try and resurrect their case, and Robby seems agreeable -in fact he is so scared of the wrath of Danny Novak that he offers to say anything. Tatum leaves the gaol feeling disgusted at herself. Later, when Tony crows that Robby has given a statement and they now have their case and Robby has his deal, Tatum chooses to admit what she's done, rather than allow tainted evidence to win a case. Tony swings between anger and guilt for leaving her in a vulnerable position. He is very disappointed in Tatum but faced with the reality of Danny Novak discovering the truth about his daughter's assault, Tony picks the lesser of two evils. He decides to quash the case. Tatum's done the right thing but is has come at a cost.In the aftermath of the police shooting, Lina has taken some time off to support Andy through it. A task not made easy by the fact that he's clearly hurting, but unable to let her in. A visit to the scene of the shooting helps Andy make sense of how it happened and begin the slow healing process.An early morning call knocks David for a loop when he's informed that former Attorney General, Nicholas Quinn has died peacefully at home. Having invested so much is attempting to bring him to justice, David is choked with the injustice of it. Falling back on his professionalism, he sets about tying the matter, however he can't let the occasion go without a personal touch – appearing in court to offer up the Notice of Discontinuance himself. It's a deeply unsatisfying moment, made hollower still as Mrs Quinn appears at the office to assure him that his treachery won't be forgotten any time soon.Taking on some of Lina's work, Ben is also handed a special task in delivering the Notice of Discontinuance on the Quinn matter to court. When David appears to take the matter over, Ben should go back to the office, but he's waylaid noticing that Julie is upset. Approaching her later, he finds an angry, tearful woman and his efforts to comfort her only inflame things to the point where Julie lets slip that she was the one who leaked the AG file. Reeling, Ben is furious. But even after everything he and his friends have been put through, Julie is unrepentant. Quinn raped her sister and her only regret is that he didn't live long enough to suffer for it. Torn, Ben talks to his father about his dilemma and Geoffrey advises him to cut Julie free and hang her out to dry. Ben can't do that, but he can't be with her any longer either and they break up. Late in the day, the tension between Geoffrey and Ben boils over and Ben moves out.Things should be on solid ground for Richard. Sure he's also handling some of the overflow from Lina, but the sentencing hearing he has before Judge Walker should be adjourned, given his barrister has been called away… and he has his first date lined up with Lisa. But things never run smoothly where Judge Walker is concerned and when she refuses to postpone the hearing Richard is thrown into a panic as it falls to him to make the Crown submissions. Everything seems to be in order, until Richard is required to challenge some of the Defence submissions and Judge Walker attacks him once again. Faced with a matter of principle, Richard is forced to cancel his much longed-for date with Lisa to work through the night, or a drug-dealing defendant will get off with a light sentence. Burning the midnight oil, Richard is pleasantly surprised as Lisa shows up anyway, taking him out for a quick drink instead. Then, just as he's starting to relax, he's called back to work but he's buoyed when Lisa mentions she would like to see him again. The next day Richard beats Judge Walker back once and for all and comes to claim is prize… A kiss from Lisa.Still swimming in an ocean of regret after her drunken performance at Janet's, Erin is eager to let her know that she appreciates Janet's efforts to support her. Firstly by doing a good job – on hers and Lina's briefs - then secondly by staging a surprise baby shower, much to Tracey's dismay because she was planning to throw a shower too. Janet is mortified by the attention, but she's also touched. And later, as she surveys all the baby gifts, there's an unanticipated consequence as the reality of what lies ahead begins to dawn on her.
4330	Crownies	Episode 20	Drama	none	While Richard and Tatum face the violent fallout of their lie, Erin faces a formidable opponent in court.Erin is given her first major contest a seemingly open-and-shut ATM robbery case, But she is taken aback when she discovers the defence barrister is the formidable Claudia Swann. Soon, she begins to realise she may be dealing with a case much more complex than it appears. Conrad finds Richard's cougar porn stash and decides to confront him. Persuaded by Tatum to maintain the lie, Richard once again fools Conrad. But when Con catches Richard in bed with Lisa, there can be no more denial. Things get heated and the lie divides the household. While Richard and Tatum retreat to the safety of work, Conrad goes on a bender... Ben is given a case with more than twenty defendants. Lucky for him, they're hot gymnasts. Which means a bit of overtime for playboy Ben. And the DPP are under fire from the new Attorney General, but no one is under any illusions. They know the broadside has been directed by Miriam Mansie.Erin is given her first major contest, but she takes offence when it's made clear she's been given a case that is less emotionally taxing that those she's been involved with lately. It's a seemingly open-and-shut ATM robbery case, but Erin is taken aback when she discovers the defence barrister is the formidable Claudia Swann. In court, Claudia begins to sway the case in favour of the defence – until a sudden change of plea leaves Erin taken aback and Lina suspicious. Erin decides to investigate the events behind the strange turnaround, and when she is warned off by a total stranger, she begins to realise she may be dealing with a case much more complex than it appears...Conrad finds Richard's cougar porn stash and decides to confront him. Persuaded by Tatum to maintain the lie, Richard once again fools Conrad. But when Con catches Richard in bed with Lisa, there can be no more denial. Things get heated and the lie divides the household. While Richard and Tatum retreat to the safety of work, Conrad goes on a bender...Ben is given a case with more than twenty defendants. Lucky for him, they're hot gymnasts. And even better, one of them wants to represent herself. Which means a bit of overtime for playboy Ben...And the DPP are under fire from the new Attorney General, but no one is under any illusions. They know the broadside has been directed by Miriam Mansie.
4330	Crownies	Episode 21	Drama	none	Erin makes a decision that sends shockwaves through the DPP while Lina struggles to balance her work with Andy's fragile state.Shaken by her encounter with the mysterious coffee man, Erin struggles to function as normal. Although she is doing well at work, the threat looms over her, and leads her to reassess her future at the DPP. Tracey puts Ben on a new case (with Tony) – that of Esther Carr – a woman who is suspected of defrauding her chronically ill brother, Glenn Carr, for whom she is primary carer. When Tony refuses to work with Ben, Lina is brought in to take over… and what she discovers will potentially save a life and force her to question where her own loyalties lie with Andy. Janet isn't far from taking her maternity leave and David has seen fit to swap her heavy work for shorter, more practical matters – including that of the wayward ‘sunbathing penis'. Miriam Mansie has been in to the DPP to implement the budget cuts she has been threatening in the media. David is left with no option but to ask Tracey for one solicitor from each group to fire. Someone has to go. Conrad and Danny pay Richard and Tatum a surprise visit and Danny orders Conrad and Tatum to sort things out while he takes a terrified Richard for a walk. Richard takes solace in the company of Ben – and his luxury hotel suite.Erin, afraid after her recent threatening encounter with the mysterious coffee man, is finding it increasingly hard to function as normal. Despite Lina and Andy's encouragement to report the attack, Erin is worried that getting the police involved will embroil her deeper in an underworld crime syndicate, leaving her at the mercy of Claudia Swann. Although Erin's doing really well at work (and Janet's impressed with her objectivity), the threat looms over her and is one of the deciding factors that leads her to reassess her future at the DPP and make a major decision that will send shock waves through the DPP.Tracey puts Ben on a new case (with Tony) – that of Esther Carr – a woman who is suspected of defrauding her chronically ill brother, Glenn Carr, for whom she is primary carer. The Police come to the DPP to seek advice before charging Esther, but their paper trail is weak and they're going to need more evidence. When Tony refuses to work with Ben, Lina is brought in to take over. Despite juggling work with trying to be there for Andy (who has discovered he was culpable for the shooting), Lina commits to her new case. When Tahli Carr, Glenn's daughter, returns from overseas, she pressures Lina to have Esther charged. What Lina discovers will potentially save a life and force her to question where her own loyalties lie with Andy.Janet isn't far from taking her maternity leave, but until that time arrives, she's determined to continue her prosecutorial duties as normal. David, however, has seen fit to swap her heavy work for shorter, more practical matters – including that of the wayward ‘sunbathing penis'. Janet, though irritated, deals with the matters and decides to nolle the case on the basis of not enough evidence. It isn't long before she has her real work back, but the brief respite is a reminder of what her new, quieter life will be outside of the DPP.David is not having a good day. Miriam Mansie has been in to the DPP to implement the budget cuts she has been threatening in the media. David is left with no option but to ask Tracey for one solicitor from each group to fire. The threat of this hangs over everyone, especially those in Group Five who believe and know themselves to be responsible for the leaked memo. Someone has to go, but when more than one person confesses, David is left with the realisation that he has been deceived by everyone, including his supposed ally, Janet.On top of this, David receives an unexpected visit from Lyndi Quinn. Far from the hostile woman he's seen before, Mrs Quinn has brought in evidence that will exonerate David and damn her husband as being guilty as hell. What David chooses to do with the evidence remains to be seen.Conrad and Danny pay Richard and Tatum a surprise visit and Danny orders Conrad and Tatum to sort things out while he takes a terrified Richard for a walk. Conrad is still angry about being lied to, but eventually he and Tatum talk it out (which inevitably leads to make]up sex). All is well until Conrad admits he hit a cop. Furious about the implications of this for her career, Tatum throws him out of the house again and tells him not to contact her.Meanwhile, Danny shares with Richard his dreams for one day being a grandfather and drives him to work, where they are seen by Tracey. Danny gives Richard a wad of cash and orders him to find somewhere else to live. Other than finding ways of getting rid of Danny's dirty money, Richard is also intent on reconciling with Lisa. When she breaks his heart, he seeks solace in the company of Ben, who is staying in a hotel since he fell out with his Dad. The two boys have a long night of fun and frivolity which bonds them and allows them to forget, if briefly, that the axe is hanging over one of their heads.
4330	Crownies	Episode 22	Drama	none	Janet goes out on a limb and makes a promise she might not be able to keep. Conrad's brief comes into the DPP, and Tatum begins to understand exactly the damage she has caused.When Conrad's brief comes across Tracey's desk, Richard is called in to explain. Now he discovers what Conrad did on the night when everything went to pieces. Tracey gives the file to Ben and Richard has to break the news to Tatum. Tracey's heart goes out to her when she sees how distressed she is, and she comforts her and suggests she move into Erin's office. Tatum and Richard remain estranged, but their estrangement takes an unexpected turn later that night at Gar's Bar. Janet and Lina are shocked to learn that Max Gardiner has been found dead and Sean has confessed to killing his son to protect their new baby. Virginia appears unannounced at the DPP, begging for Janet's help to keep Sean out of jail. Guilty and moved and extremely pregnant, Janet promises to ensure charges against Sean don't proceed. But the autopsy results on Max take that decision out of Janet's hands. Miriam Mansie pressures David to retire early but Janet believes that this witch hunt demands he release the Quinn tapes to clear his name, but after some soul searching, David destroys the tapes, sacrificing himself for the welfare of Quinn's daughters and takes some of his mountain of unpaid leave. He appoints Tony to take over and his first act is to destroy Tracey's whiteboard and demand that she return to work as an advocate. Horrified, Tracey gets drunk on shots with Tatum, and throws herself on her mercy – Tatum is not at all sure how to respond to her enemy's plea for help. Erin fronts up to the DPP for what she thinks is an exit interview, and is surprised when she is offered her job back. Unsure, what to do, she returns at the end of the day to pick up a promised reference, but then Janet goes into labour. With Ash uncontactable, Erin has no choice but to stay with Janet through the birth of the twins.Tracey is surprised, and not pleased, when Conrad's brief comes across her desk. Richard is called in to explain, and it's only now that he discovers what Conrad did on the night when everything went to pieces. He pleads with Tracey to not give the file to anyone in his group, as they're all friends of Conrad's. But Tracey hands it on to Ben, after reminding him that the duties of a lawyer include not letting personal interests affect one's work. Richard breaks the news to Tatum, who know nothing about the assault. She's furious, and confronts Conrad – telling him not come near her. Tracey calls Tatum in to reprimand her and is shocked when Tatum, overwhelmed by guilt, bursts into tears. Tracey's heart goes out to her when she sees how distressed she is, and she comforts her and suggests she move into Erin's office. Tatum and Richard remain estranged, but their estrangement takes an unexpected turn later that night at Gar's Bar.Janet and Lina are shocked to learn that Max Gardiner, the twelve year old they prosecuted for the murder of his brother, has been found dead. At first they assume he has killed himself out of guilt, but Dylan Thorne informs them that his father has killed him, ostensibly protecting their new baby. David asks Tony to take over the case, which makes Janet feel sidelined and furious. She is also overwhelmed with guilt – believing she should have stuck to her guns and refused to prosecute Max. She makes sure that Tracey knows not to give any of her cases away while she is on maternity leave. Virginia appears unannounced at the DPP, begging for Janet's help to keep Sean out of jail. Guilty and moved and extremely pregnant, Janet promises to ensure charges against Sean do 't proceed. But the autopsy results on max take that decision out of Janet's hands.Going into labour at the office, with Ash unavailable, was not part of Janet's birth plan, and she discovers she's actually terrified.Erin fronts up to the DPP for what she thinks is an exit interview, and is surprised when she is offered her job back. She asks Janet to provide her with a reference for a job with a defence firm, and returns at the end of the day to collect it. Practising tough love, Janet puts Erin through the paces of what defence work might involve, but before they can reach any resolution, Janet goes into labour. With Ash uncontactable, Erin has no choice but to stay with Janet, and make sure that she is alright.David asks Janet's advice over the Quinn tapes. She thinks he should give then to the police, but David is uncertain. Miriam Mansie arrives and pressures David to retire early. Janet believes that this witch hunt demands he release the Quinn tapes to Miriam, to clear his name, but after some consideration, David destroys the tapes, sacrificing himself for the welfare of Quinn's daughters. But, enraged by the bullying from the AG's Department, he decides to take some of his mountain of unpaid leave – and appoint Tony to run the ship. Tony's first act is to destroy Tracey's whiteboard and demand that she return to work as an advocate.Tracey, horrified by the idea of returning to advocacy, and equally horrified by the idea of Tony running the DPP, gets drunk on shots with Tatum, and throws herself on her mercy – Tatum is not at all sure how to respond to her enemy's plea for help.
4332	100 Days Of Summer	100 Days Of Summer	Drama	none	100 Days Of Summer chronicles a group of young, successful and driven Chicagoans as they navigate the ups and downs of their personal, professional, and social lives in the Windy City over one intense summer. Hooked into Chi-Town's hottest industries, these nightlife impresarios, fashionistas, real estate moguls and entrepreneurs include Vincent Anzalone, Ray Austin, Tara Clack, Phillips Demming, Jay Michael and Pascale Wellin. They all work hard in business, play hard in life and attempt to navigate the sometimes murky waters that fall in between. In desperate need of relief from Chicago's long-lasting winters, these go-getters only have a scant 100 days to accomplish the lofty personal and professional goals they set for themselves. Some will succeed and some will fail, but they all will be changed forever.
4332	100 Days Of Summer	Ship-Faced	Drama	none	This series premiere kicks off with a Chicago summer staple -- having a blast yachting on the lake, and basking in what little sun the Windy City gets. Vince and his new girlfriend raise eyebrows on deck with a bit too much PDA. Things get tense when Pascale rubs Ray's girlfriend Hamidah the wrong way at Phillips' birthday party, while Jay decides to take a risk and hire Phillips for an important upcoming event.
4332	100 Days Of Summer	Devil In The Blue Dress	Drama	none	Vince and Lonnie throw their annual summer White Party but Pascale refuses to play by the rules. Tara's charity event brings out Chicago's 'it crowd' and their furry friends, while Pascale and Hamidah attempt to patch up their differences.
4332	100 Days Of Summer	The Deep Dish	Drama	none	A friendly game of ‘never have I ever' brings up unresolved feelings. Tara starts pressuring her boyfriend to settle down and to move in with her. Pascale tries to bond with Vince's new girlfriend, but she's torn after hearing a rumor that may put Vince's relationship in jeopardy.
4332	100 Days Of Summer	Cruel Summer	Drama	none	Jay confronts Phillips about her work for his upcoming launch event. Pascale gets into a major blowout for spreading a dangerous rumor that threatens Vince's relationship. Phillips and Tara leave Pascale to fend for herself in the aftermath of the fight.
4332	100 Days Of Summer	Out Of The Loop	Drama	none	After her spat with Jessica, Pascaleis ignored as Phillipsand Taraside with Vince. Jay sticks by Pascale while questioning the motives behind her alienation from the group. When Vince tries to make amends, Pascale shuts him down.
4332	100 Days Of Summer	Kosher Kimchi Baby	Drama	none	While Pasacale finds success with her jewelry line, Jay tries to find the perfect surrogate for his baby plan. Tara is forced to make a decision about her future with her boyfriend when she finds out Vince and his girlfriend are moving in together.
4332	100 Days Of Summer	The Summer's Over	Drama	none	As the summer comes to an end, Tara invites the group to her family cabin in Wisconsin for what is supposed to be a relaxing weekend. But after Vince angered Ray by not attending a charity event in memory of his mother, road trip rage and a confrontational dinner threaten to end their friendship.
4332	100 Days Of Summer	Secrets Revealed	Drama	none	The cast reveals fun and formerly unseen secrets as they comment on more memorable moments from their 100 days of summer together.
4333	Count Arthur Strong	Count Arthur Strong	Comedy	none	The world of ex-variety star Count Arthur Strong is livened up by the arrival of Michael, the son of his old comedy partner.
4335	Good Cop	Good Cop	Drama	none	A dutiful Liverpool beat cop discovers what he is truly capable of after his partner is brutally murdered in a targeted attack by a local gang.
4335	Good Cop	Episode 1	Drama	none	It's an ordinary day when beat cop Sav bumps into his ex-girlfriend and child and glimpses the family he could have had. But the ordinary day turns into a nightmare when Sav encounters an evil thug in a diner and his best friend is brutally attacked.
4335	Good Cop	Episode 2	Drama	none	Sav is stalked and threatened by Callum Rose, the only witness to Finch's murder. Relationships at work are strained in the aftermath of Andy's death. Sav is still unable make any headway with ex-girlfriend Cassie.
4335	Good Cop	Episode 3	Drama	none	Costello briefs the team before a door-to-door investigation into Callum's murder takes place. Sav looks in Jonjo's cell and is met by DC Liam Frainey. Sav later discovers that Jonjo has been set free and confronts Frainey but Costello intervenes. As he gets ready for Andy's funeral, Sav takes solace from talking to his father and remembering his mother.
4335	Good Cop	Episode 4	Drama	none	Sav's efforts to get Jonjo arrested for Andy's murder cause suspicion from Costello and Sarge. At work with Amanda, his lines of wrong, right and justice seem to be blured. Sav sees local known thief Kyle Smart whilst out on patrol and asks him to keep an eye out for two men who have been attacking young women. Amanda poses as a student in an attempt to catch the two men but things don't go to plan. Sav receives a call from Kyle to say he's seen the two men on dirt bikes, Sav decides it's time to sort things out his own way.
4336	Drifters	Drifters	Comedy	none	Comedy series about life after university, focusing on three female friends
4337	Chozen	Chozen	Comedy	none	Chozen is an animated comedy about its title character, "Chozen," a gay white rapper fresh out of prison. Armed with a new message, Chozen is on a quest for redemption and to claim his rightful position as the world's top rap artist. His music and lyrics take aim at the stereotypes of machismo and misogyny that is synonymous with rap music. And his new world view has been shaped by his time in prison.
4338	East Los High	East Los High	Drama	none	East Los High is an English-language Hulu Original Series that deals with the experiences of teens navigating life in a fictional inner city high school in East Los Angeles, CA. At the center of the series are the underrepresented voices of young Latinos living in the U.S. whose characters take on the challenges and joys of teen drama with sexy, humorous, suspenseful and transformative storylines. Perceived as a "game changer" by industry insiders,East Los High was the first English-language show with an all-Latino cast, creators, and writers. The series is not only addictive with its unique storytelling format but thought-provoking on a social level. Currently in its third season, East Los High continues to garner critical acclaim.
4342	Lucky 7	Lucky 7	Drama	none	In Astoria, Queens, a group of seven gas station employees have been chipping into a lottery pool for months, never thinking they'd actually win. Money could solve problems for each of them: Matt (Matt Long) could get his girlfriend and two kids out of his mother's house; Matt's brother, Nicky (Stephen Louis Grush), an ex-con, could pay off a dangerous debt; Samira (Summer Bishil), a second-generation Pakistani immigrant, could afford to go to Juilliard; Denise (Lorraine Bruce), a plucky cashier, could focus on rebuilding her crumbling marriage; Leanne (Anastasia Phillips), a young mother, could help her daughter realize her dreams.
4343	Offspring	Offspring	Drama	none	The new season of Offspring – Network Ten's exuberant, romantic drama set in Melbourne's Fitzroy – centres on Nina Proudman's (Asher Keddie) journey into motherhood as a single parent and her struggle to deal with her fabulously messy family. Nina rediscovers the joy and romance of life and continues her tendency to over-think and fly off into fantasy.
4344	The Young and the Restless	The Young and the Restless	Drama	none	Now in its 42st season on the CBS Television Network, THE YOUNG AND THE RESTLESS has been the number one daytime drama for more than 20 consecutive years. It revolves around the rivalries, romances, hopes and fears of the residents of the fictional Midwestern metropolis, Genoa City. The lives and loves of a wide variety of characters mingle through the generations, dominated by the Newman, Abbott, Chancellor, Baldwin and Winters families. ­ When THE YOUNG AND THE RESTL­ESS premiered in 1973, it revolutionized the daytime drama. It continues to set the standard with strong characters, socially conscious storylines, romance and sensuality.
4345	The New Mr. Peabody and Sherman Show	The New Mr. Peabody and Sherman Show	Comedy	none	Netflix will introduce a new original series for kids, "The New Mr. Peabody and Sherman Show", from DreamWorks Animation. Mr. Peabody, the smartest dog in the world, and his boy Sherman host a zany late-night comedy show broadcast from their swanky penthouse in front of a live studio audience. Anything can happen in this show jam-packed with exciting segments, great musical acts and very special guests like outrageous neighbors and hilarious time travelers they meet with the WABAC machine. Season 1 will be comprised of 13 episodes.
4347	THE BRAIN with David Eagleman	THE BRAIN with David Eagleman	Drama	none	"THE BRAIN with David Eagleman" issix one-hour episodes that tell the story of the inner workings of the brain and take viewers on a visually spectacular journey into why they feel and think the things they do. The show will premiere in 2015 as part of the PBS "Think Wednesday" lineup of science and nature programming.The series, hosted by Dr. David Eagleman, neuroscientist, New York Times best-selling author and a Guggenheim Fellow, will reveal the human story by blending scientific truth with innovative visual effects and compelling personal stories. With barely a brain scanner or a white coat in sight, THE BRAIN focuses on understanding the fundamental truths of what it means to be human now and in the coming centuries, while communicating these elegant and simple ideas as they apply to us and our experiences. Dr. Eagleman's exciting multi-disciplinary approach has earned him respect — and fans — across the globe. He will take viewers on a fascinating journey through our inner cosmos, exploring the brain's neural landscape while asking profound questions like "What is reality?" and "Who is in control?" He will also look at the darker side of humanity in order to understand why the brain drives us towards certain actions and behaviors.
4347	THE BRAIN with David Eagleman	What Is Reality? (Pilot)	Drama	none	Dr. David Eagleman takes viewers on an extraordinary journey, exploring how the brain, locked in silence and darkness without direct access to the world, conjures the rich and beautiful world we all take for granted.
4347	THE BRAIN with David Eagleman	What Makes Me?	Drama	none	Explore how we are our brains, how our personality, emotions and memories are encoded as neural activity. The process of becoming continues through our lives. We change our brains and our brains change us.
4347	THE BRAIN with David Eagleman	Who Is In Control?	Drama	none	Dr. Eagleman explores the unconscious brain and reveals that everything from our movements, to our decisions, to our behavior is largely controlled and orchestrated by an invisible world of unconscious neural activity.
4347	THE BRAIN with David Eagleman	How Do I Decide?	Drama	none	Learn how the brain navigates the tens of thousands of conscious decisions we make every day and the many more unconscious decisions we make about everything from whom we find attractive to what we perceive.
4347	THE BRAIN with David Eagleman	Why Do I Need You?	Drama	none	See how the brain relies on other brains to thrive and survive. This neural interdependence underpins our need to group together - and our capacity to do the best and the worst of things to each other.
4347	THE BRAIN with David Eagleman	Who Will We Be?	Drama	none	Join Dr. Eagleman as he journeys into the future and asks what's next for the human brain and for our species. He speculates that our descendants may be so different from us that we'll be strangers to them.
4350	In the Club	In the Club	Drama	none	Drama following the lives of six pregnant women and their partners who meet at a local parentcraft class.
4351	The John Bishop Show	The John Bishop Show	Comedy	none	Comedy entertainment series hosted by award-winning comedian John Bishop. John introduces his favourite comics from all over the world, as well as music guests and variety acts.
4353	Eurovision Song Contest	Eurovision Song Contest	Music	none	European song contest in which countries' songs are performed before a vote takes place.
4355	Homefront	Homefront	Drama	none	Series about the lives of the wives and a mother of soldiers serving in Afghanistan.
4357	Me and Mrs Jones	Me and Mrs Jones	Comedy	none	A comedy series following the complex life of Mrs Jones as she balances love, sex and motherhood.
4358	Mr. Pickles	Mr. Pickles	Comedy	none	Mr. Pickles is set in the small, old-fashioned world of Old Town that is slowly being taken over by the modern world. The series centers on the lives of the Goodman family and their innocent six-year-old son Tommy, whose best friend is the family's lovable border collie, Mr. Pickles.
4361	Halloween Wars	Halloween Wars	Cooking	none	Under the watchful eye of host Rossi Morreale, five teams composed of a pumpkin carving expert, cake artist and sugar artist will battle it out as they create Halloween-themed edible displays that will send chills up your spine. In each episode, teams will face two grueling challenges. First, they'll face off in the Small Scare, where they must create a Halloween-themed design in just 45 minutes. One winning team gets an advantage in the big battle - the Spine Chiller. In the end, their creations will be judged by renowned cake decorator Shinmin Li and Emmy(R)-nominated make-up artist Brian Kinney, and a rotating panel of celebrity guest judges who are legends in the horror genre, including Robin Atkin Downes (The Strain), Benjamin Papac (The Walking Dead and upcoming film, GOOSEBUMPS), Bex Taylor-Klaus (MTV's Scream), and Elvira, Mistress of the Dark. One team will be eliminated after each episode. In the end only one team will be declared "Halloween Wars" Champion, and walk away with a $50,000 grand prize.
4361	Halloween Wars	Infestation	Cooking	none	Five teams made up of an expert pumpkin carver, cake decorator, and sugar artist compete to create Halloween-themed displays that capture a terrifying infestation.
4361	Halloween Wars	Hybrid Horror	Cooking	none	The four remaining teams made up of an expert pumpkin carver, cake decorator, and sugar artist compete to create Halloween-themed displays that show a mutated and terrifying hybrid horror.
4361	Halloween Wars	Grave Robber	Cooking	none	The three remaining teams made up of an expert pumpkin carver, cake decorator, and sugar artist compete to Halloween-themed displays that capture the horror that follows a grave robbing.
4361	Halloween Wars	Undead Dinner Party	Cooking	none	For the final battle, two teams made up of an expert pumpkin carver, cake decorator, and sugar artist must create terrifying and scream-worthy displays of an undead dinner party.
4362	Chemistry	Chemistry	Drama	none	Passions ignite and the sexual sparks fly in this sultry series from Cinemax, which just proves that there's no denying chemistry.
4363	Forbidden Science	Forbidden Science	Drama	none	Passion and science collide in this compilation of episodes from the futuristic erotic series that follows life at a corporation that builds clones.
4364	Southern at Heart	Southern at Heart	Cooking	none	Damaris Phillips shows you how to master Southern classics with a twist on "Southern at Heart". Get her recipes and watch highlights on Food Network.
4364	Southern at Heart	Close to Home	Cooking	none	Damaris surprises her husband with a romantic camping staycation; southern sloppy Joes and butternut squash slaw; s'more bites.
4364	Southern at Heart	Picking and Picnicking	Cooking	none	A picnic lunch consisting of zucchini noodle salad and blackened chicken sandwiches with almond butter and red pepper jam; pickled peaches.
4364	Southern at Heart	Grandma's Cookbook	Cooking	none	Damaris Phillips updates a few of the most memorable dishes from her grandmother's recipe book, including porcupine meatballs in sauerkraut, buttery baked potato rolls, and oatmeal molasses cookies.
4364	Southern at Heart	Carved and Sweetly Starved	Cooking	none	Decorating for Halloween; red velvet lava cake; cornmeal and white chocolate biscotti; hearty roasted chicken white chili.
4367	Botched Up Bodies	Botched Up Bodies	Medical	none	Our Love of the body beautiful has spawned a billion pound business. From the top of our heads to the tip of our toes, there's nothing that's off limits when it comes to cosmetic surgery. But with all surgery comes risks and many people are being left with Botched up Bodies. In this series we follow the country's top surgeons as they set about repairing the damage.
4368	The Brokenwood Mysteries	The Brokenwood Mysteries	Drama	none	The Brokenwood Mysteries is set in a seemingly quiet country town where the town's newest resident, Mike Shepherd, finds that murder lurks in even the most homely location.
4368	The Brokenwood Mysteries	Case One: Blood and Water	Drama	none	When two fishermen find the body of a local farmer in the river, Detective Inspector Mike Shepherd is sent to the small rural town of Brokenwood to investigate the death. Is this the suicide of a man guilty of his own wife's murder or is he the victim of foul play? As Mike uncovers a family's tragedies and secrets he also learns that Brokenwood is a place where shadows lurk just beneath the surface.
4368	The Brokenwood Mysteries	Case Two: Sour Grapes	Drama	none	With Brokenwood touted for its burgeoning merlot, the annual wine show is a major event. Having bought a 10-acre block with maturing grapes, no one is looking forward to it more than DI Mike Shepherd. But when a guest judge and wine critic is found dead, drowned inside a fermenting vat, the show takes second place to the murder investigation.
4368	The Brokenwood Mysteries	Case Three: Playing the Lie	Drama	none	A group of erstwhile members of the Brokenwood Golf Club, committee members no less, have gathered for their regular Wednesday morning round. They are playing their approaches to the first green when a zombie-like figure lurches from the early-morning gloom, coming towards them. It takes the golfers a moment or two (apparently) to realise this is actually Adele Stone, the Club owner - her face red and blistering; gasping desperately for breath. Then she falls from sight, into a greenside bunker. By the time the guys get to her, Ms Stone is very much dead. And so Mike and Kristin are called to investigate what appears to be homicide by poisoning
4368	The Brokenwood Mysteries	Case Four: Hunting the Stag	Drama	none	Four close friends go hunting in the bush on a stag trip. But the groom-to-be never comes back – he was shot through the head. Initially this would seem to be just another tragic hunting accident amidst picturesque New Zealand bush. The only problem is none of the remaining three friends own up to pulling the trigger that fired the lethal bullet - yet all three had discharged their rifles – with no deer to prove it. The question is – who shot Hayden Renner? Was he mistaken for a real stag or was there something more sinister at play?
4371	Mockingbird Lane	Mockingbird Lane	Drama	none	In "Mockingbird Lane," sweet little Eddie Munster (Cook) is a normal kid about to enter the horrors of puberty. The truth is, he's about to discover that, for him, becoming a teenager means growing hair in truly unexpected places - as in all over his body - every time the moon is full! Eddie's got it pretty good though. His loving, supportive, run-of-the-mill family includes his mom Lily (de Rossi), the daughter of Dracula, his dad Herman (O'Connell), who brings new meaning to "Frankenstein," and Grandpa (Izzard), who would give Dracula a run for his money if he weren't actually Dracula! Of course, there's creepy cousin Marilyn (Wakefield), who's really the odd one because she's so completely normal.Buying a house these days is a nightmare, so Herman and Lily are shocked that no one scooped up the rambling Victorian mansion at 1313 Mockingbird Lane that was the site of a series of grisly hobo murders. Settling into their new place, they're quickly onto the mission at hand: to gently ease Eddie into the reality of his werewolf adolescence. But it's not always so easy to accept that your child is a little "different" from the rest of the kids. Meanwhile, Herman, who works as a funeral director, is suffering from a heart condition. Since he's made up mostly of spare parts, he knew his makeshift heart would eventually give out. No worries though, because Grandpa, who is pretty good at procuring body parts, is on the case. All Herman cares about is finding a new heart with the same capacity to love Lily as much as he has for so many decades.
4374	Way To Go	Way To Go	Comedy	none	Darkly comic series about three ordinary guys who find themselves forced by an extraordinary set of circumstances into setting up an assisted-suicide business.
4387	Badults	Badults	Comedy	none	As kids, Tom, Ben and Matthew made a pact to live together when they grew up. Now, they live together - but it's unclear if they've actually grown up.
4390	Bob Servant Independent	Bob Servant Independent	Drama	none	A local cheeseburger tycoon enters a by-election. That man is Bob Servant, Independent.
4393	The Fixer	The Fixer	Crime	none	Ellie Molaro (Kathleen Robertson - Murder In The First) is an investigator with the NTSB - the US federal body which determines the causes of major accidents. She becomes suspicious of the "official answers" to an oil rig disaster, spearheads a private investigation with a secret tipster named Carter (Eric Dane - The Last Ship). Carter claims that a conspiracy of "Fixers" are behind some of the worst global disasters, all rigged to manipulate the stock market, and reap billions for a select few. Now, their largest operation in decades is an impending, catastrophic event targeting Washington, D.C. and the only way they can succeed is if Ellie and Carter are among the casualties.
4403	Monroe	Monroe	Drama	none	Award-winning actor James Nesbitt returns as genius neurosurgeon Monroe, Britain's answer to House.
4437	North Woods Law	North Woods Law	Drama	none	In the state of Maine, the elite Game Warden Service patrols more than eighteen million acres of rugged terrain filled with wild animals... and wild people. Each Autumn brings the hunting season, the Warden's busiest and most dangerous time of year. These 'State Police of the Woods' never know what to expect from one moment to the next."North Woods Law" follows Maine's elite Game Wardens as they navigate the Pine Tree State's rugged terrain and twisted back roads. This year the wardens cover deer, moose, and fowl hunting seasons - the busiest and most perilous times of the year.Each punch of the time clock is a ticket to extreme danger and drama as undercover stings and intense rescues are all in a day's work. Whether they're tracking bears on dangerous mountains or busting drunk drivers on ATVs, the Maine Game Wardens risk life and limb to protect animals and serve the people of Maine.
4438	On the Case With Paula Zahn	On the Case With Paula Zahn	Drama	none	Led by Emmy Award-winning journalist Paula Zahn, ON THE CASE features in-depth interviews and original reporting that go beyond the headlines in search of fascinating mysteries from within our nation's justice system. Each episode is highlighted by Zahn's riveting exclusive interviews, which draw out different viewpoints from the people personally connected to tragedies that rocked their local community and the investigations that attempted to piece together the truth "On the Case With Paula Zahn".
4438	On the Case With Paula Zahn	Hidden by Lies	Drama	none	A college student is found stabbed to death in her off campus apartment. Will it take a second tragic murder to solve her case?
4438	On the Case With Paula Zahn	A Killer in Town	Drama	none	Police must track down a killer who has embarked on a deadly cross-country journey.
4439	24 Hours in A&E	24 Hours in A&E	Medical	none	Cameras film around the clock in some of Britain's busiest A&E departments.
4442	Monks	Monks	Comedy	none	Long-running anthology series of one-off sitcoms, many of which launched other classic comedy series.
4443	You, Me & Them	You, Me & Them	Comedy	none	Lauren (Eve Myles) and Ed (Anthony Head) are madly in love, despite their almost 30-year age gap, and are looking forward to starting their new life living together. The only problem is that Lauren's family and everyone around them seems to have an opinion on the subject. With Ed's ex-wife Lydia renting the house opposite and trying to cause trouble whenever she can, Lauren's meddling family and Ed's friends all thinking she's a trophy girlfriend; their relationship will have to be ironclad to weather these obstacles they're facing.
4444	Trollied	Trollied	Comedy	none	The show is set in the fictional supermarket of Valco in Warrington, where the hapless staff deal with the everyday problems of running a value supermarket in the north west of England. The show explores the relationships between the staff, customers and managers as romances and rivalries blossom on the shop floor.
4449	Satisfaction	Satisfaction	Drama	none	Fresh and sexy, SATISFACTION stars award-winning comedian Ryan Belleville (THE L.A. COMPLEX), Luke Macfarlane (BROTHERS & SISTERS), and Leah Renee (THE PLAYBOY CLUB). The 13-episode comedy series centres on couple Maggie Bronson (Leah Renee) and Jason Howell (Luke Macfarlane), and their perpetually single friend and roommate Mark Movenpick (Ryan Belleville). Mining the trials and tribulations of young adulthood, SATISFACTION is about struggling with the next step when you're torn between your immature past, and your potential future. Based on real-life experiences, SATISFACTION takes a humorous look at everything from the fear of opening a joint bank account, to using a scurvy diagnosis to get out of a new job, to finally making friends with a new couple who turn out to be swingers.
4450	Save Me	Save Me	Comedy	none	Emmy nominee Anne Heche ("Hung") stars as Beth Harper in NBC's new comedy about a not-so-ordinary Midwestern family. After choking on a hero sandwich in her kitchen and suffering a dramatic near-death experience, Beth - an absentee wife and mother - is revived and claims she can now talk to God. Her teenage daughter, Emily (Madison Davenport, "Shameless"), is horrified and her husband, Tom (Michael Landes, "Final Destination 2"), is skeptical. To make matters worse, Tom's ex-mistress, Carly McKenna (Alexandra Breckenridge, "American Horror Story"), is in a coma after a close encounter with lightning in the Harper's front yard.As Beth warms up to her new life, she strives to make amends to the people she has alienated over the years, including friends and neighbors Jenna Dennings (Heather Burns, "Bored to Death") and Maggie Tompkins (Joy Osmanski, "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia"). Despite everyone's initial hesitancy, Beth begins to win people over with her new positive attitude, cheerful optimism and unbridled love.
4451	Saved	Saved	Drama	none	Wyatt Cole, a complicated yet charming young man struggling to find his place in life while coping with the breakneck pace of his consequence-ridden job as a paramedic on the streets of Portland, Oregon.
4454	Side Order of Life	Side Order of Life	Drama	none	From Academy Award-winning producers Dan Jinks and Bruce Cohen ("American Beauty") and co-executive producer, creator and writer Margaret Nagle (HBO's "Warm Springs") comes "Side Order of Life," a thought-provoking and comedic drama, centering on a young magazine photographer who suddenly re-evaluates her life and impending nuptials after receiving a "wake-up call from the universe."
4455	Smith	Smith	Action	none	SMITH delves into the world of high stakes robberies, where Bobby Stevens (Liotta) finds himself leading a double life as the leader of a band of thieves who pull off intricate and ingenious jobs and then goes back to being the typical nine-to-five, suburban family man. The series, from executive producer John Wells, creator of "ER," will premiere with limited commercial interruption. Leading this close-knit crew of career criminals is Bobby Stevens (Liotta), who appears to be a regular family man with a nine-to-five job, but is actually an expert thief who is seeking just two or three more big paydays so he can finally leave the business for a comfortable, lawful lifestyle with his wife, Hope (Madsen), and their two children. While Bobby never discusses his illegal pursuits, Hope is growing suspicious. Bobby's second family, his core band of partners, each bring their own areas of expertise to pulling off the biggest and most sophisticated armed robberies. Joe (Franky G) is in charge of all things transportation oriented; Jeff (Baker), who is the most reckless of the bunch, is responsible for the firepower; Tom (Miller), is on parole after being busted during a previous caper and his sometime lover, Annie (Smart), is a beautiful master of disguise who can manipulate any situation with her looks. The FBI's, Agent Dodd (Bauer), has been following the robberies for some time, and remains determined to catch the team but is most interested in capturing "Smith," the police codename for the crew's mysterious leader and the brains behind the entire operation. It remains to be seen whether Bobby will be able to extricate himself in time from the scores that give him such a rush, or if his retirement will be a forced one -- behind bars.
4459	Spooks: Code 9	Spooks: Code 9	Action	none	In an alternative 2013, London has been evacuated following a nuclear bomb. Six new MI5 recruits take up the challenge of gathering intelligence in the fightback.
4465	Surviving Suburbia	Surviving Suburbia	Comedy	none	In the family-centered tradition of Roseanne and Home Improvement, Surviving Suburbia opens the curtain to follow Saget (How I Met Your Mother, Full House) and Stevenson (Men in Trees, Dead Like Me) as Steve and Anne Patterson, a seemingly normal couple who have been married for 20 years, have two children and a cookie cutter house in the idyllic suburbs. But Steve maintains a rather cynical point of view on family, friends, neighbors, society -- pretty much everyone and everything -- as he tries to survive suburban life. Surviving Suburbia takes a contemporary look at family life and the reasons one might have to question the system -- How does exchanging keys with a neighbor for emergencies result in house sitting? Why do kids' classroom projects inevitably become the parents' responsibility? When did we start needing mediators to handle disagreements between adults? all of which goes to prove that it's never just another sunny day in the suburbs.
4471	The Best Laid Plans	The Best Laid Plans	Drama	none	Parliament is a secret and esoteric world with its own culture, customs and language. THE BEST LAID PLANS is a rollicking journey into this cosseted world. Our guide is the earnest, hopeful, English PhD, Daniel Addison (played by Jonas Chernick), head speech writer for the Leader of the Opposition. When Daniel catches his girlfriend and her boss in flagrante delicto he decides to return to academe as assistant professor of English at the University of Ottawa. But you don't just walk away from the Opposition Party — freedom has a price and in this case it's finding a candidate in a riding 50 kilometers away and managing the campaign in the next election, scheduled in approximately eight weeks. The catch: the riding in question has voted solidly for the Government Party since Confederation and the incumbent is Eric Cameron, the extremely popular finance minister whose plurality in the last election was over 90%.
4475	The Border	The Border	Drama	none	A new hard-driving drama series set against the backdrop of today's turbulent world. The series confronts Canada's toughest border-security issues and centres on the elite Immigration and Customs Security (ICS) Squad, charged with bringing order amid trafficking, terrorism, human cargo, asylum seekers and political corruption.
4477	The Good Guys	The Good Guys	Comedy	none	The series is an action-packed and comedic look at what happens when a washed-up, old-school cop (Bradley Whitford, "The West Wing") and a by-the-book, modern-day detective (Colin Hanks, "Mad Men") try to expose the big picture of small crime.
4479	The Goodwin Games	The Goodwin Games	Comedy	none	The inventive family comedy tells the story of three estranged siblings who return home after the loss of their beloved father (guest star Beau Bridges, "My Name Is Earl"), and unexpectedly find themselves poised to inherit more than $20 million - if, and only if, they can adhere to their late father's wishes.
4480	The Help	The Help	Comedy	none	From the creator of "Married'With Children," this outrageous satire centers on idealistic, 22-year-old Maria (Camille Guaty, "What I Like About You," "The Brothers Garcia"), who was on her way to becoming a beautician when a family crisis forced her to take a new path, and she now finds herself employed as the maid for the extremely wealthy Ridgeway family. As one of many servants who dote on the demented and dysfunctional family, Maria discovers there's not only a class struggle between the upstairs and the downstairs, but there's an all out war among "The Help."
4491	The Visit	The Visit	Comedy	none	Comedy set in the visiting room of HMP Radford Hill, where the inmates are reunited with their loved ones once a week under the not-so-watchful eye of the bored prison officers.
4492	Halfworlds	Halfworlds	Action	none	In the bustling streets and back alleys of Jakarta, a parallel world of bloodthirsty creatures from Indonesian mythology has lived alongside humans for generations. Taking on the appearance of humans themselves, the true identity of these ''Demit'' has been carefully concealed for centuries by a powerful family of mortals.The arrival of a mysterious supernatural event known only as the ''Gift'' will bring this hidden world to the surface. As the day of the Gift approaches, a young street artist called Sarah unexpectedly finds herself in the eye of the storm. Once the Demit realise who Sarah really is, and what she must do, humans and Demit are set on a collision course that could change the balance of their two worlds forever.
4494	The Wedding Band	The Wedding Band	Drama	none	The series follows four friends - three single, one married, all with day jobs - who escape their daily stress and responsibilities by playing "weekend rock gods" in Seattle's premier wedding and events band, Mother of the Bride.
4495	The Wedding Bells	The Wedding Bells	Drama	none	The Bell sisters, Annie, Jane and Sammy, inherited The Wedding Palace after their parents divorce. Now they must navigate the endless complications of planning elaborate weddings while trying to figure out where they stand in their own complicated love lives. From dealing with high-maintenance Bridezillas and their families to calming wedding-day jitters, the trio of planners and their loyal staff do their utmost to make sure that every brides special day is a dream-come-true, as they attempt to take their burgeoning company from wedding emporium to wedding empire. Adding to the behind-the-scenes chaos are photographer David Conlon, whose tension-filled dealings with Annie are clearly the result of pent-up sexual chemistry; and Russell Hawkins, Janes husband and the company COO. Russell was hired to attract a higher-end clientele and take the business to the next level while simultaneously cutting costs, which isnt very easy because the women like to give clients little extras that keep eating up the profits.
4496	The Winner	The Winner	Comedy	none	In the magical summer of 94, Snoop Dog was climbing the charts, Olympic skater Nancy Kerrigan was clubbed on the knee and 32-year-old Glen Abbott (Rob Corddry, The Daily Show) was still living with his parents when the only girl he ever kissed, Alison McKellar, returned to town with her 14-year-old son Josh. The recently divorced Alison inspires Glen to become a grown-up to win her heart.
4497	The Worst Week of My Life	The Worst Week of My Life	Comedy	none	Sitcom following Howard as he lurches from one disaster to the next.
4498	Thief	Thief	Drama	none	Thief focuses on a crew of thieves led by "Nick Atwater" (Andre Braugher) who find themselves in profound danger and at a moral crossroads. It also follows the unlikely father-daughter relationship between Atwater and his 14-year-old stepdaughter (Mae Whitman), who forces him to confront the lies which have defined his carefully ordered world. While the crew tries to pull off the most dangerous heist of their career ? stealing $40 million from the U.S. government earmarked for the war on drugs in South America ? their lives are complicated by the guilt they feel at the murder of one of their own, a crooked cop looking to clean up his own image with a big takedown, and a terminally ill killer sent by the Chinese Mafia looking to settle a score of their own.
4499	Thieves Like Us	Thieves Like Us	Comedy	none	Thieves Like Us is a six-part sitcom featuring a classic comic double act - Bex and Ollie, a couple of jobbing burglars. The lads make a living out of lifting stuff from factories, warehouses, offices and shops, and take work wherever they can find it.
